{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82660","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5477495.json","updb_database_id":5477495}
Fleet of glowing objects fly across sky for 3 hours during national fireworks night in Tehran

The night before the last Wednesday of each Iranian New Year, the country celebrates with bonfires, fireworks and lit balloons. On this day in 2016, I saw a constant stream of glowing flying objects travel across the sky, but only during the duration of this festivity, once the fireworks etc. started the objects starting arriving and once the fireworks etc. had finished, there were no more flying objects. This was the first time I had been in this location on this specific night in 2016. I reported the sightings of 2016 to Mufon.

Exactly the same night, exactly the same thing has happened this year (2017). Watching, everything was the same as 2016. Glowing yellow balls all travelled from one direction to another and appeared to follow the same path and destination. Every few minutes one would appear from as far right out of my window I could see and travel right across the sky to the left (as far as I could see).Watching with binoculars (cheap, not very strong ones) the objects could accelerate and slow down easily and could move up and down and hover and move in any direction without any difficulties. The ones that passed nearby appeared to have a light shining (like a torch light type of thing).

There were fireworks going off but from the many videos I took, you can see the objects were not fireworks, nor were they the fire balloons which people release in Iran as part of the celebrations because looking at the travel path and how the objects were moving, it was very obvious they were craft of some description.

The fireworks night lasted about 3 hours in total and so did the flying objects - starting around 7pm and finishing around 10pm approx. There were a couple of aeroplanes I saw flying while the glowing objects were in near vicinity.

It is interesting that these glowing objects have appeared only during the fireworks night when the sky would be lit up with fireworks, small glowing lanterns and a lot of bonfires are happening in Iran and the exact same thing happening in 2016, has happened in 2017.
