{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-02-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5505495.json","updb_database_id":5505495}
{nd} Driving from my home to my sisters house. Saw object as I turned onto Washington street.

I was driving in my mothers Plymouth Duster from Stoneville road to National Mine. Dont remember what purpose. As I turned from Greenwood Street onto Washington Street. (The locals call the area junction.) I noticed some lights low over the road about 200 yards ahead. At first I thought I was seeing some sort of reflection of lights on top of a railroad structure that was in the area. As I got closer I realized the lights were too big and shone too far across the road to be the railroad lights. At this point there are railroad tracks crossing the road and I had slowed down (there is no signal there, just the X crossing signs.) I realized I was seeing something huge hovering over the road about 100 yards ahead. It extended beyond the road to the left and right. I could see it had large lights (I remember them being green, red and blue. The blue one closest to me and then a red one to the left and green one to the right. My memory is a little unclear about this.) The object was triangular. It just sat there over the road and it was huge. It appeared as I approached to be just hanging there. I rolled down my window as I approached and slowed to probably 15 to 20 miles an hour. (Maybe slower I did not look at the speedometer.) I began to pass under the object and realized it was triangular at this point. I passed directly under the point of it. It appeared to taper off to the left and right, as if parked with its center directly over the road. (A little backtracking here to describe the terrain.) After you cross the railroad tracks going south on Washington street. The road dips 10 or 12 feet down for maybe 50 yards or so. Possibly a 100 yards. Then it rises up steeply raising about 20 feet in elevation. There are houses on the left and right of the road at this point.) As I passed under the point of the object I became aware that the bottom of it had a circular window that was at least as wide as the road itself. I could see that the other points of what appeared to be a triangular object were over the railroad tracks on my left (behind the house.) and beyond the house to my right. Maybe 300 feet total. (Possible bigger.) I was looking directly up into the object as I approached the rise in the road. I could see the top of someones (somethings?) head moving rapidly around the windowed area. I could see the windowed area was surrounded by what I assumed was the back of some sort of panels. I got the impression that whoever was moving around up there was almost panicky. They were rapidly moving from one point to another as if in a great hurry. I only saw the top of their head. It could easily have been a bald person, but I could not tell. As I came over the top of the rise I saw what I can only describe as a child standing in the middle of the road. (Directly where the center line would have been.) I slowed even more with my window down. Up to this point I had heard no sounds other than the wind rushing past my window and my tires on the road. The muffler on the car was good and motor sounds were fairly quiet. I passed directly next to the person standing in the middle of the road. He appeared to be wearing a skintight blue silken sort of snowsuit. He (she?) had a hood which clung tightly to his head. He turned to look at me as I passed him, and his face was less than a foot from mine. I cannot remember the face other than it appearing as if he was wearing a sort of semi see through mask that hid his normal features. At this point I began to be afraid. (I was probably 19 at the time.) I began to roll up the window and get the hell out of there. Here is where most people start giving me funny looks when I describe what happened next. A large car coming the other way. (I swear it was a cadillac with huge tail fins.) whether it was due to the reddish light shining from above or the car itself it looked pink to me. I could not see the driver because of the headlights, but the car was traveling I could hear its engine roaring as he revved it up to get out of there. I did the same. I looked in the rear view mirror as I left. I did not see anyone in the road. And the car I had seen was down over the hill before I looked. I drove to my sisters house in national mine. When I came in the door babbling my story my brother in law (a marquette county sheriffs deputy at the time.) asked what I was on. I drew on a paper plate what I had seen for my niece who seemed to believe me. But my sister and her house guests (playing cards) completely ignored my story. Or thought I was on drugs. The paper plates are long thrown away. My brother in law has since died of cancer. I really havent discussed this with too many people. I do often wonder what I saw that night. I wish I could find the person coming the other way but am not willing to come out with the story for fear of ridicule. Since this time I have spent 5 years in the Air Force. I have only seen one other unexplained light in the sky since this time, even though I look often. So there it is. If you wish to contact me via Email please do so. I would be interested in hearing if anyone else has reported similar things from that time.
