{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-04 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2883,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5500495.json","updb_database_id":5500495}
A flat disc shaped object with apparently color changing lights on exterior.

It was nearing 3:00AM and the winter climate was pretty cold. I wasn't getting sleep so after watching TV, I came to my bedroom that faces South as one enters it. I walked towards my bedroom window and distinctively saw this beautiful color changing disk above the horizon approx. 22 to 23 degrees. What got my attention was that never ever have I seen a star or planet in that quadrant of the sky. This was brighter than a star and hovered in one place above the South bay of our city's coastline.
At first I thought it was a helicopter as sometimes air patrolling is done but then I thought that if it were any man-made flying machine then the navigation strobe lights would be flashing in regular intervals whereas this was emitting colorful lights and the lights seem to be going round the craft. I also noticed (heard) that the crows and dogs were crowing and barking wildly and especially the crows were visibly restless and were flying from tree to tree and even a few would come and perch on the window sill at times banging into the window. The object first hovered in one place then suddenly dropped altitude emitted a straight vertical blue-white beam of light in the sea for a couple of seconds (I wonder why the local coastguards or and shipping vessels didn't report anything) It then shut off the said "beam of light", gained altitude just as fast (no helicopter could rise that fast, straight up, vertically) It then hovered again, moved quickly to my right(now due South)then back to where it was (South-East) within a few seconds, then its "colorful running lights" dimmed and before I could think of its next move, it shot up in an arc like flight-path and flew passing above my building toward North-West direction. All I could hear was a whirring sound followed by a swish. It was as if an Formula-1 car had passed above my head at full throttle. After it had gone, the crows and the dogs calmed down gradually. At that time, I did not have either a camera or a cell phone equipped with a camera, else I wouldn't have missed the opportunity of photographing it (as photography has been my hobby) and then reporting it with photographic evidence. Anyway, I feel lucky to at least have seen one in my lifetime.
