{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-10 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5495495.json","updb_database_id":5495495}
{nd} Two distinct objects, seen twice traveling different directions from different locations

We wish to remain anonymous, please. Wife and I were at home watching TV. Through our back bay window, we saw what looked like a low, slow flying plane with bright lights coming in our direction from the NNE in a straight path. We went outside with binoculars and as the lights veered-off slightly from the straight path over our house, we saw that there were two distinct objects. They made no sound whatsoever and flew as slow, or slower than a small single engine aircraft. The larger one with very bright lights was boomerang shaped with a yellow-orange pulsating light in "front" with two white lights on each side of the yellow-orange at equal distances that also pulsated from bright to faint. The pulsing was not sequential or in any order. In front of this one and moving slightly faster were two smaller red lights in a diagonal configuration, the leading red light lower than the trailing, and flashed similar to an airplane but not sequential. The objects made a sweeping turn from a westerly direction to the SW, and at that point could see a third very faint red light on the smaller object at a point what seemed to be between the other two but did not blink, so it seemed to give the object a triangular shape. As they passed away from our house to the SW then S over the town of Elma, the smaller object seemed to take on a slight outline of a triangle. It was clear that the larger object was boomerang shape. As they moved further away, there was a very faint "whoosh" sound similar to rushing air but nothing like a prop or jet engine, that lasted maybe 3 or 4 seconds. It did not seem like the objects made any banking motion like a conventional aircraft, but the larger one flew with the right-side slightly higher than the left side, even in straight flight. They flew without any speed change until out of sight. About an hour later, they were seen again well-off in the distance to the NE of our home, moving from left to right with the smaller one behind the larger. We watched them for about 20 minutes making the same sweeping flight path, coming toward our area, then the smaller object made a sudden "jump" to be in front of the larger one. They then made a quick change of direction back to the ESE and disappeared over the Capital State Forest. The next day we saw on an Elma, WA Facebook page that other residents of the town also saw what we did. Unfortunately there are no photos or video. At the time of the first sighting we thought the lights were from military aircraft, until we realized they made no sound, were not shaped like and did not fly like a normal aircraft (airplane or helicopter).
