{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5502495.json","updb_database_id":5502495}
{rjl} Looked like an organic black oval only ones we saw clearly looked like two separate ones but they moved together perfectly. One was smaller than the other and stationary to the bottom right of the bigger one. No noise, smaller one was car sized.

We (myself and two friends) had been moving gym equipment from a closed down gym to an unopened location about 30 miles away (going from an urban environment to a completely rural one). We had finished the moving a little before 11 PM, but we were using the gym owner's car and trailer. When we returned it, I discovered that I had lost my car keys sometime in the 5 or 6 hours that we had been moving stuff. We asked the gym owner if we could take off the trailer, pay him for gas, and go to look for my keys. He agreed and we drove all the way back to the rural area, stopping at any place that we had been while moving equipment. After looking around and driving for a bit (using our phones as flashlights), we couldn't find anything so we started to drive back. The gym owner said I could drive his car home since it was so late, but I had to drop off my two friends first. Coming back out of the rural area, maybe 5 or 10 miles from the mall, one of my friends exclaimed "Oh sh*t, I just saw a UFO!" we all kind of chuckled and he said "No, seriously" but my other friend and myself thought he was joking around. We drove past the mall and then down past the grocery store to drop off my first friend (not the one who had claimed to see anything). Something was burning, probably some building somewhere, but it smelled like smoke. It was also fairly foggy on top of it being a little smoky. We dropped off my first friend in his neighborhood and did a U-turn to go back up past the mall and get on the highway (to drop off the second friend and for me to go home). After we passed the grocery store, it didn't smell like smoke anymore and there wasn't any fog. All of our car windows were down and it was a slightly chilly night (at least for Florida). There were absolutely no cars on the road except for us, and you could see headlights a couple miles ahead. I was driving a bit slower (10 or 20 miles under the limit) when my second friend proclaimed again "There's a UFO!" I slowed down a bit and jolted my head over , and sure enough saw something black blur across the sky. We both still kind of laughed it off because it could've been a big group of bats, or birds, or even a plane from a distance, but we still both watched the skies and I slowed down a bit more. I had my head turned the same direction as he did and we both saw, right over (or maybe a little behind in the parking lot area) of Best Buy, two black oval shaped things rise up slowly and clearly. It was perfectly clear and there wasn't any motion blur. The sky was already really dark (at this point it was about 12:30), but it was darker than the sky. You could see two of them and they didn't look connected but one was smaller than the other and they rose at the exactly same time and kept the distance between each other perfectly. They (or it if it was just one with something attached) started slowly moving to the right of Best Buy (still over buildings) and keeping perfectly steady, not going up or down, and slightly picking up speed, and then picked up more speed before making a movement in the opposite direction. We saw it move in the opposite direction (it went up, south slowly, and then north quickly, I know this because my town is on the water and it's pretty easy to tell where south is because of it). We lost sight of it after it went north quickly because I was still driving the car, albeit slowly, and started to feel a little scared and picked up the pace. As I sped up we saw what looked like a really strong strobe light at the ground behind it, and then we saw a red blinking light from some cell phone tower (or even an air traffic control tower). We think the red blinking light is periodic, but the single strobe flash from the ground was weird. It must have been really strong because it was incredibly bright from where we were. It was probably behind the Best Buy or in the parking lot, but we still saw it over the roof and a couple hundred feet over on the road. While we watched it we were both filled with wonder and really interested. I was still driving but there was no one else on the road and I couldn't stop looking at it. We discussed checking behind the building but we both felt very eerie and decided to go home. I dropped my second friend off and drove home, feeling pretty spooked, and nothing else happened past then. We would have taken photos, but my phone was dead (charger was in my locked car that I had lost the key to), and the friend I was with didn't have his phone. The two of us that did have our phones (one who wasn't in the car) both didn't have a charge because we had been using the flash as a flashlight to try to find my keys.
