{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5471495.json","updb_database_id":5471495}
{rjl} a blinking, colored object rose from treetop level into the predawn night.flew in the same quadrant of the sky 4 nearly 8 mins.i captured it on video.

my wife and i went looking for reported sightings of the brown mountain lights.we parked at the overlook for lost cove on the blueridge parkway n.e. of brown mt.which we could see towards the right in the video.approximately 5 a.m. i spotted a spinning light ascending into the sky.grabbed the camera and positioned myself leaning on the front of my car.kept the camera as still as possible,sighted on the same quadrant of the sky.only moved the camera deliberately a few times to show the moon also.the moon was at about 75 degrees high and to the right of the object.the object was about 45 degrees high.object changed shape and colors.multi-colored mostly.its motion was mostly slow and deliberate looking with a few short intervals where it moved very erratically,almost bouncy looking.once it shot off to the left out of frame very quickly.i could see it out of the corner of my eye just off camera for a moment then it shot back into midframe.camera batteries died.the object at last rose into the moon and dissapeared.it looked as if it morphed into the moon.sure am glad i got a video of it. A couple of hours earlier we spotted a bright green will o the wisp for about 5 mins floating through the trees near the spot where i saw the object arise. also that evening before we moved to lost cove we setup at the brown mountain overlook s.w. of brown mt.at dusk. an hour after dark the wife and i saw 2 shiny discs. in the sky over the mountain.lasted 5 mins. i asked a dozen people that were also there if they saw them.nope.it got too crowded so we moved over to lost cove around 10 pm. i am 63 years old and have been looking for the weird my whole life.this is the epitome of my hunts.
