{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5497495.json","updb_database_id":5497495}
{nd}

I was in my living room. My front door faces north and there is a vertical clear glass window built next to front door. I went to look through the glass about 3PM or so to see if my neighbor across the street was home because I needed to retrieve something I had loaned. 
At that time there was some sort of communications tower (pre cell-which no longer remains as far as I know, trees have grown etc)visible behind the homes across the street. (in cul de sac)
I noticed something in the sky just above, behind and right to neighbors house that looked a good sized ball bearing, floating just off the top left of the tower. (which was located a mile or more behind the houses)I cannot be sure it was near the tower, but that was my point of reference.
I opened the door and walked out to get a better look. As I walked down my driveway, heading for the cul de sac across the street, the object instantly became 3 like objects. Fist they were parallel to each other on the vertical, then as fast as I could watch, all 3 objects became horizontal. The next movement saw the left and right orbs take off in opposite directions at what I can only describe as hyper speed. Within one or two seconds, they reappeared on the horizontal, and then moved inward in a blink becoming one orb again. The object then moved off to my right at 45 degrees at so, faster that I could track.

I recall thinking, oh man, why can't my neighbor drive up right now?
I was unsure at what I was seeing. It was fascinating. I was not concerned or otherwise disturbed during the event during or after. I spent years at sea with the US Navy, working on the flight deck of aircraft carriers and I am very familiar with many types of aircraft and their behavior as well as their capabilities.
I knew that I was not seeing a typical aircraft. Of that I remain sure to this day.
