{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5508495.json","updb_database_id":5508495}
Two Strange Red Lights in Field at about

My family, consisting of my wife and twin 8-year olds were traveling home on the evening of August 17, 2013 from a birthday party going east on Delaware County Road 100 S (which is better known as River Valley Road in the area) just outside of Yorktown, Indiana. A half-moon was out in the sky in the southeast and the few clouds were very high. Many stars were visible even though the sun had gone down within the last hour. As we got about one mile from Tiger Drive, I noticed two flashing/pulsating lights over a crop field in the south east. The two lights were about 200-300 yards in the air. I pointed the lights out to my wife who had a better view from her passenger window. She immediately saw the lights and thought the lights were the top of a tower. And I also thought they might be the top lights on a tower. The lights consistently flashed a red/green light like an airplane or tower, and the lights were as high off the ground as a normal radio or cell phone tower. I immediately slowed the minivan down to about 30 mph as the lights continued to get closer to our right now more in the south. There appeared to be no movement and the lights were evenly spaced out from one another, which was roughly 10-20 feet. I was really getting excited as we approached the field that the lights were hovering over, because I could not explain what they were. They could have been airplanes, but they werent moving. My wife was still convinced the lights were tower lights. My daughter and son in the backseat were both seeing the lights as I slowed to about 20 mph down the country road. We came to a place in the road where our vision was obstructed to the south by a group of trees. The lights were going to be directly to our south once we got past this small grouping of trees. It took less than 3 seconds for us to pass the trees, but the entire family lost the visual of the lights in that 3 seconds, and we did not see them once we passed the trees. I stopped the vehicle on the road just on the other side of the trees because the lights should have been directly south of us less than a 100 feet away in the sky. But the lights were not there. They were gone. I briefly jumped out of the car to scan the sky all around, but there was no visual on the lights. The area where the lights should have been was a large crop field (soybeans I believe) and there was a lot of open space to be able to see in all directions besides the large clump of roadside trees we had just passed. I jumped back into the van and asked everyone to look out their window, but no one could see the two lights. Those lights should not have been able to disappear within that timeframe. Disappointed, I jumped back in the car and told the family to stay on the lookout. I also turned my cell phone to camera/video mode just in case I saw them again. I continued east on River Valley Rd. still looking for the lights. I drove about 500 feet passed a small forest to our right and the lights were hovering in the sky at the same angle as before and the lights were flashing in the same manner. Because the lights were again to our southeast, I wanted to drive further east on River Valley Road so we could get as close as possible. The trees became much thicker near the road in this area so my wife could not keep a constant visual of the lights. We drove about another tenth of a mile, and my wife said "There they are." So, I stopped the car right next to a residence on our left. I grabbed my cell phone and jumped out of the car. As I jumped out of the car, I could only see one of the lights. For about 5 seconds it was not moving--just hovering, then it suddenly and quickly moved back towards the west into being blocked by the trees. I had my cell phone out but I could not get a picture or video. It happened too fast. I got back in the car and my wife and children described the same as me. Previously in the soybean field, we had never seen the two lights actually move. But as we stopped the car the light took off quickly to the west and out of sight. My son in the backseat said that he saw the light go up into the sky and disappear. My wife and I did not see it disappear into the sky. I turned around in the houses driveway to our left and drove west back down River Valley Road. No one in the car saw the lights again.  We stopped in a dirt road driveway to a farm about a tenth of a mile west of the original sighting of the lights. I got out of the car and scanned the sky for about 2 minutes and could not see the lights again. I decided to drive east to Morrows Meadow on the White River just off Tiger Drive, which was about just over a mile from the original sighting. From afar, I saw a group of campers on the river as I crossed the bridge. At Morrows Meadow there was a small reunion of roughly 20 people. I do not believe anyone could have seen the lights from Morrows Meadows. The two lights could not have been more than two football fields in altitude, and they were congregated just north of the White River that runs through Yorktown, Indiana. Needless to say, we could not explain these hovering, pulsating red/green lights that were not making sounds.
