{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-09 15:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2777,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5291495.json","updb_database_id":5291495}
Very fast dark object that can only be seen slowing video down frame by frame

The footage has to be seen with slow motion and a zoom in. I did not see this until going back and looking at the video. It would have been too fast to see with the human eye and no sound. Approximately from 2 seconds to 3 seconds from right to left you see a fast object. From approximately 9 seconds to 10 seconds zoomed in at the bottom of the screen at the tree line you see an object come from behind the tree line and increase its angle to almost straight up. The object stops and changes direction and shoots back almost straight down back behind the tree line. The end of the video shows the object in the 13 second frames as the camera pans to the right. If you stop the frames in the final second you can see a disk shape in the first of those frames. Keep in mind the entire video is only 13 seconds and you can only see the object(s) slowing down and zooming in frame by frame. The following day I took another video by some windmills and caught what appeared to be the same object or type of object. Shortly after that video I saw a black helicopter, but did not record it. I did not see any of these objects until reviewing the video later. I will send the second video as well. The second video is the same deal - you have to go super slow motion and see it frame by frame because it is too fast. You can see it around the 58 second mark in the second video. I also had a very euphoric feeling when I was taking the video on my nature hike and while taking the second video. Like I almost knew something was with me - hard to explain. Kind of like extra dopamine or something and blissfulness. I look forward to anything you can tell me. I ruled out a fly or a bug for the first video because it comes from directly behind the tree line and exits behind the tree line and it appears to be as wide as the pine trees in the 13 second frame.
