{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-07 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5523495.json","updb_database_id":5523495}
not in sky at 8pm, then 8:30 ish, it appeared in same spot as 10/6/11. watched it stay stationary then jerky up/down side to side move.watched till 2 am slowly move towards west

Husband told me the night of 10/3 about a very bright star he had seen last week of Sept 2011. Night of 10/6/11 while on my deck with the dogs, I saw in the east the brightest star I had ever seen. Called husband out on deck to look. He said was the same one he had seen earlier. I tried that night in googling bright stars with no luck. Night of 10/7/11, between 7;30 and 8pm, dark outside, while out on deck, no sight of the star. Husband thought too many clouds. About 8;30pm was out again with dogs on deck and there was the same light in sky, east of my home, seeming to be over Odessa, Mo. Very very bright. was below the cloud cover. Called husband to the deck to look. About 30 min later I went out again to look at it. while watching it, I started noticing it made jerky movements. up/down side to side. then hover. Called husband out to watch that too. At this point I also could see what appeared to be 3 other clusters of lights only further away. Two sets more to the west of my home and one more to the north east, north of I-70. The one north would also make jerk movements. I came in and called the highway patrol. The lady that answered, apparently the dispatcher, listened to what I had to say and then informed me that there had been over 80 reports the past couple weeks. When I told her how it was stationary then with jerky movements she said oh her husband had seen the exact same thing a couple nights earlier and described it the exact same way I had to her. I called a friend in Grain Valley Mo and had her go outside. She also witnessed it with her daughter.No noise ever came from the one closest to me. It hovered then moved as if scanning. It appeared as the night progressed to move higher in the sky than in the first 2 hours of watching it. From it's original points due east of me at first sight, by 2 am was more overhead my home moving towards the west. I had also asked the lady from the highway patrol to send out a car to Chapel Hill on Z highway to get a good view but don't know if that happened. This was not a plane that could sit stationary in the sky like this object did. I did happen to notice a jet, flying from the west to the east about 9:30 or so fly above the main object and the jet was ABOVE the clouds. I know this because I could barely make out the lights and contrail through the cloud cover. This object I viewed was not close to clouds. At 2am. I finally quit watching and tried to sleep. While watching it hover then move, gave me excited but nervous feeling. Not knowing what I was watching. Feeling like it was scanning made me feel invaded. I tried to take pictures with my camera and my phone camera but I don't know if I was successful. I also asked my friend in Grain Valley to try and get pictures but have not heard if she could. I am not to good with electronics. I could sketch roughly what I saw. This object was so bright it looked either like it had extensions, or very bright beams coming off the perimeter of object like a vivid starburst but seemed to me more like extensions.
