{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-02 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5457495.json","updb_database_id":5457495}
{cak} i was followed , over 60 miles , saw clouds land in trees , then witnissed man in black

About 6 years ago , i was driving to work . i noticed a bright light in the sky at a distance that blinked at me , it seemed to be following me over my 60 mile trip to work .about half way between lack charles and crowley la this light that has now switched from one side of my truck to the other , gets closer and is now directly in front of my truck . the cab of my truck filled with a strong odor of urine, it stinks horribly . as the smell went away the light then shines brightly into my cab , filling the truck with light . a few moments pass before a car driving like a bat out of hell swerves around me on the highway going well over 80 mph nearly hitting my truck. the light still bright on me like a flood light from a helicopter but there was no noise at all. in a split second the light backed off and seemed to disappear . i call a friend of mine to tell her what happened i was scared . she told me the car was there to distract me from the light . i had no idea what she ment and decided to pass up my place of work to drive a little further as to not have it follow me to work . but i soon found that to be a bad idea .
i parked in the pumping area of a gas station to try and calm down . then i saw the man . he drove up and parked directly in front of me , facing me .his car and himself looked like they had stepped out of the 50's like a greaser , his hair slicked back sleeves rolled up car all black him all black with sunglasses on . keep in mind its almost 10 at night .he stepped out of his car and looked directly at me .. i froze and felt so intimidated., so scared . like his eyes pierced through me.
he walked into the store as i sat petrified in my truck. a few moments later he walked back to his car got in and drove off behind the building . i waited afraid he would follow me but never seen him leave from behind the gas station. like he completely vanished .i waited a good 30 min before i decided to go to work. i made it to work and sat in the parking lot .i was shaken and afraid to get out of my car because of what happened . it was during that time i noticed a light in the sky about 200 feet away in and empty field across from the parking lot of my job.. i watched as it waved back and forth casting a white beam of light on the ground from about 80 feet up . almost like it was scanning the ground . my eyes began to water profusely , like i was crying but i wasn't . i couldn't control it . blinking almost became impossible . i watched it for what seemed like an hour and tried to get it on video from my truck .as the light "scanned" the ground it got closer . there was a tree line about 60 feet to my right . the light itself dissipated into a cloud like consistency that began to float past me and land in the tree tops next to me over and over clouds floated unnaturally into the tree tops . 
its now around 11pm . and this is still happening my eyes still crying . it was quiet the whole time .but the light was gone from what i recall . i felt as if it may have been watching me from the trees but cannot be sure . then finely after about 2 hours of my eyes stuck open i was able to close them . when i did i found i wasn't in my truck . when i closed my eyes its like i opened them in another place i was in a room with white lights for walls . it was about 40 feet in diameter in a round shape . i was alone in this room. i saw nothing but the bright walls and what looked like a place someone might sit. i really hate saying it like this but it looked like some sort of , cockpit. it felt sterile like a hospital . i felt no fear but i knew i wasn't in my truck anymore . i could feel my eyes where closed but could see everything clear as day . i looked around saw no door no window no buttons nothing to tell me where i might be . i struggled to open my eyes but was finely able to . looking at the clock once i did i saw it was 6 am . which means i had been sitting in my truck over 5 hours . i wasn't sleeping i know what sleeping is . i was awake the whole time but had no concept off time . it felt as if i had them closed for about 10 or 20 min.when in fact it was over 5 hours . the lights where gone the clouds where gone and no one had seen anything but me . i was so shaken up i didn't tell anyone anything in fear the man in all black might find me again. however this was not the only time i had seen things like this , i was also able to show my now husband these lights . how they followed me and would come down if i asked them to . i've been afraid to tell my story for the last 6 years . but there is so much more to say about the things i saw .at least a en times i've seen things even during the day even catching things on video . and believe i can call them down again if i wish to .
