{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-06-12 19:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492495","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3021,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/495/mufon-5492495.json","updb_database_id":5492495}
{rjl} 2 ufo's sitting together communicating

My friend and I drove from madera ca to fresno ca pick up his mom from church. On our way home when we were getting into madera ca gateway drive I was sitting in the back seat of car my friends mom told us look there is 2 ufo's. My first reaction was what ever there no ufo's sitting there when she pointed them out I was shocked, my friend as well. At this time it was like 7:45pm close to 8 pm it was just dark enough to see the lights that were just sitting in the sky floating or what I call it floating on water like a ship floats in the ocean it was amazing to see. My friend pulled over on gateway drive right under the floating light we jumped of the car and watched the ufo's just float in the air for like 3-5 minutes. We wachted in amazement on how the lights faded from color to color red,white, blue, purple,green,yellow, it had two rings of lights one bigger then the other It look like they were communicating to each other after a few minutes one took off east floating away traveling no more then maybe 2-5 miles hrs. The other ufo started traveling north on gateway going 2-5 mph. It was making a full circle as it floated down the main road of our town it almost look like they were surveying the town. As it traveled it would come to a complete stop at our 9oclk and just float for 15-30 seconds then it repeated the same movement 3 different times stopping 1st over our museum park you could see it thru the tree lines then it stopped over the tallest building during that time madera valley in the last stop was made over the greyhound station. After the greyhound the ufo floated away towards the driving theater area my friend dropped me off at my home. From my house I could see the light still floating in the driving theater area my town is small so I called my nephew that lived right behind that theater drive inn I told him to look for the light while we were on the phone. He started screaming it's a ufo at that time my nephew was maybe 12-14 years old. So I just watched the lights from my house for 3 hrs as the floated away traveling NW Towards San Jose ca. I have never seen something like that again. I'm 39 years old now I still wonder what I saw that night I know for a fact it was not an aircraft that we have on earth even now almost 19 years later.
