{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-03 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73419","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5486294.json","updb_database_id":5486294}
{dr}Orb and whitish orb seen while camping. Completely silent, with quick smooth circular movements with side to side movements as well.

At approximately 10:15PM Saturday night (10/03/15), the train was going by at our camp site. I was standing up on a table watching it, and noticed a bright red light down the road from where the train was coming from. At first, I thought it was maybe part of the train1 until the train had passed and the light remained. It was a bright red sun looking light, and seemed to be about 10-15 feet off the ground. I would estimate that it was about 1 a mile away, if that.

My first though after the train left, and the light remained, was that maybe the bright red light was part of the track. We had driven down there previously that day, and I didn1t remember seeing anything on the tracks that would light up, but it made the most sense. That1s when things got a little weird.

The Red light started moving in a circular motion, with some erratic side to side movements as well. My dad said it must be someone with a laser pen or something, but there was no laser that could be seen coming from, or away from, it. It looked like a red orb sun thing. After about 15-30 seconds of the moving, the light ascended about 30-40 feet up in the air and continued the same movements with still stops in between. The movements were fast, and smooth, and was absolutely mesmerizing to watch. That1s when we knew it was not something that could be explained rationally.

The light ball descended back down to about 10 feet off the ground, and would vary between remaining perfectly still(hovering) and movements (circular, with erratic movements back and forth occasionally). I snapped a photo on my phone when I thought about it (not sure why it didn1t cross my mind earlier, I was just drawn to watching it move). My dad tried to flash his flash light at it in a sequence, in hopes we could communicate somehow I guess. The light got a little brighter, and almost looked like it was moving towards us1 then the light went out, and a dark object shot up in the air. This whole time there was not even a hint of sound (except the initial train passing), and we were in the middle of the desert with no other noise pollution... So we should have been able to hear something.

This event immediately had us scouting the skies for anything else strange. About 2-5 minutes after the first light disappeared, a second light could be seen in the sky. It had the same kind of circular movements, mixed with the erratic side to side movements, however was more of a bluish/white light instead of red. The second light seemed very high, and the movements were large, and unlike any aircraft I have seen or heard of1 even experimental. The large movements were very fast considering how high up it was. I took a video of the second light, which shows the movements clearly (though it1s a little dim). After about 5 minutes, it too disappeared and no other lights were seen. We went to bed, and I noted the event the next morning on my phone so I would not forget the details of what we witnessed.

I consider myself well versed in astronomy, and have had my eyes to the sky since I was a young boy. I know the difference between asteroids and satellites and am familiar with how different planes look and move in the air. I also know what a Chinese lantern is, and looks like in the sky. I keep up to date with all technology, and read up on any leaks or rumors on possible future aircraft or technology. This is like nothing I have ever seen, and I have no rational explanation for the movements, speed, and the utter silence. I do know that I felt calm and at peace while watching it, and at no time did I feel scared or threated by it.

Media Notes:
Video - The light of the orb in the video is dim, and small, so watching it in the dark is the easiest way to see it unless you zoom it in. It also looks to be flickering in the video, though was solid when watching in person.

Picture - When zoomed in, the orb appears to be spinning and looks almost like a sun or something.
