{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-06-18 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4960","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3233,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5549294.json","updb_database_id":5549294}
Two spheres moving very fast, straight as an arrow trajectory.

While having lunch with my wife, I noticed that the cloud formations that day were marvelous, and suggested that we go to the 46th Street bridge (Ford Parkway Bridge) to get some pictures. I use such image in my artwork. I contemplated going home to get my Nikon D50, but thought my wife would not appreciate the added delay. So we went there, with the Nikon 4300 I keep in my glove compartment. We parked near the bridge, it was between 3-4pm, I can check the photo signatures for an exact time. After taking many pictures of clouds, I turned back (From the center of the bridge) and walked back to where my wife was standing, about 1/4 of the way from the end. We were talking, and I was still looking around at the clouds, when I noticed two silver spheres, traveling very fast. From East to West, I watched them move from nearly one end of the horizon, to the other, in about 7 seconds. Distance is hard to judge, because they looked very small, yet not as far away as the nearly constant stream of commercial jet flying out of the nearby Minneapolis International Airport. I was struck by their shape and speed. They seemed to fly together, one slightly higher and off to the right. I am very familiar with different aircraft, and I know it was not merely light shining off, say two jets. As we were there I saw many planes, and birds flying around. None of them exhibited the behavior of these orbs. They flew from West to East, briefly disappearing behind an apartment complex in front of us, re-emerging from behind. I tried to point it out to my wife, but she was unable to track it with me. I was wearing prescription polarized sun glasses, and it was tricky keeping track of them as they zipped in front of all the large cloud banks. I am guessing the polarized glasses gave me an edge my wife didn't have. Another thing that was striking, that helped clarify the shape of the objects was, as they passed by white sections of cloud, they appeared darker, as they passed dark sections of cloud they appeared brighter. This is not to say that they changed luminosity, they did not. Neither were there any discernable lights, glow or anything. They flew in a "Arrow-straight" trajectory, and disappeared into the horizon on our right. To my great dismay, I attempted to take a movie of the objects, but unfortunately my Nikon 4300 takes low resolution movies, at best. And the resulting movie is worthless. If I had my wits about me, and switched it to photo mode, I may have had pictures to show, and had I gone home and gotten my D50....well it would be another story.
