{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4164,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5513294.json","updb_database_id":5513294}
{dr}various sightings over Catalina Channel, hovered over our house, over myself in vehicle

During several years in the late 1960s I observed many similar sightings from my home in Rolling Hills, Ca. and surrounding local area. Almost ALL of the sighted objects appeared to pulsate with primary whiteish light with beautiful laser-like osilating red/green. These objects would consistantly move with almost instantaneous speed, then at times manuever in all directions almost like opbserving protazoa or microbial bacteria with a microscope. Very irractic yet very graceful at the same time. On numerous occasions there were several UFOs in linear formations with some objects "blinking-out" while others suddenly appeared. From within these formations, much fainter/smaller objects (scouts?) would come out of the formation and re-enter at sometime later. 
  One incident which stands out signifacantly was an object, that after first appearing distantly over the ocean, VERY rapidly relocated directly over head creating both electrical and physical phenomina resulting in the car I was sitting in radio/lights/horn ect begining to go on and off repeatidly and all body hair to stand up on end like with static electricity. While this object was hovering directly over head at a low altitude a VERY low frequency slow swooshing sound was emitting, in an eliptical sound pattern. Immediately after this, the object istantly located DIRECTLY over my house (aprx 3/4mile away) and hovered for perhaps a minute, still generating the same sound and pulsating white/red/green light. It then resumed a position much higher and further away, moved erracticly as before then, as with many other sightings,accelerated completely out of view at lightning speed on a diagonal tangent to the SE. ( I was facing West) All of my sightings occured at night and predominantly over the Catalina Channel, which was the main view from our house. 
  As a side-note, Id like to point out that my father, deceased, was a theroetical phyisist working on his EM Theory (of the Universe) at that time and my mother told me that she had heard that same sound on many nights. As I lay in bed that night, shortly after these event, I witnessed my father come into my room (I slept in his den/office at that time) in an appearent "sleep-walk" and write down equations on the large blackboad on which there were very intense/high-order calculus equations relating to his ongoing work. Later that morning on his "awakened" discovery of the additions to the equation, he was very irratated and demanded an explanation, he was completely unaware of his contribution while in the translike state. Being a staunch non-believer in anything that would not pass his scientific proof criteria, he certainly would never entertain any suggestion of "outside"-interventive assistance a viable explanation. By the way, he had built a very large ground-plane antenna base just below our house which was used in various antenna designs, many for the U.S. Navy Submarine contracts(ULF).
  I tried unsucessfully to view several UFOs through an 18" astromonical telescope w/low power eye piece. They were always "just" out of focus. I sometimes wonder if perhaps what I was viewing was somehow vasilating between dimensions..not quite "in", or "out". 
  These sightings continued to occur over several years untill we eventually moved.
  I was always filled with a sense of frienship and beauty from these objects and never felt any fear or threats. I felt somehow almost a spiritual connection.
