{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-03-12 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5460294.json","updb_database_id":5460294}
{jpg} A rather dramatic sighting of a hovering craft many years ago while traveling in rural Louisiana.

A Very Close Sighting in Louisiana in 1967.

This event happened many years ago, however much of the detail is forever etched into my memory. I have never told the history around this event to anyone "officially" such as MUFON, only to some friends and family occasionally, however I would like for it to be recorded somewhere just for the record. Also, it was so long ago I don't remember the exact date, the exact place or highway number (since I wasn’t driving during the incident) nor the exact time. 

The sighting was on an isolated, rural 2 lane highway in Louisiana as I and 3 other men were traveling to New Orleans from southeast Oklahoma to meet a larger group of co-workers. Some of the questions asked by MUFON were a bit difficult as the answers/selections available weren't always the words needed and the date entry claimed there was an "error". I truly wish I could remember the exact place and time, but the only thing I'm sure of is that it was in 1967, probably late winter, close to springtime, and of course it was a long time ago. I do not tell this story lightly and people can believe it or not, I really do not care because I know the truth of what happened, and that is what's important to me. 

The four of us were traveling by car and it was getting on toward dusk in the late afternoon, not really dark, but the light was starting to fade a little bit. I was sitting in the rear seat directly behind the driver when he rather excitedly said there was an odd light ahead of us in the sky. I recall trying to look past and around him to see this light, whatever it was, through the windshield. I caught a glimpse of it but couldn't see it well, so I started telling him to pull over so we could get out and look and I repeated that 2 or 3 times. It took a minute for him to pull over and park the car on the side of the road so we could get out. When he first saw the object it was traveling directly across, in front of the car, at a considerable distance, as we were driving down the highway. He said it was a bright, bluish color when he first spotted it and moving quite fast, but now it seemed to change to a lighter whiteish color and had reduced it’s speed quite a bit. Of course by then we were stopped on the shoulder of the road and out of the car, and the object had turned quite sharply and was traveling parallel along the highway just off to the right side headed in our direction. 

There were no buildings, houses or landmarks to be seen as it was a very rural area and nothing to really accurately pinpoint where we were. I remember another car passing us heading in the same direction that we had been going right after we stopped and were standing by the side of the road and they didn't stop, but they had to have seen this craft, whatever it was, I don't think you could miss it. So now the 4 of us were standing there watching this object heading down along the highway right in our direction and I recall being a little apprehensive, but also amazed and excited. It was not moving really fast, but at a steady pace, and what was so dramatic and rather frightening to all of us is that as it came up along side where we were standing it completely stopped!! It simply stopped and hovered directly in front of us just off the side of the highway. I would estimate it was only about 25 to 35 yards away from us and not quite at eye level, but perhaps just slightly elevated . It didn't move or do anything that I recall, it just silently hovered without a single sound!!! I don't remember a lot of the conversation between us, if there was much, but it seems that one of my friends was rather upset and scared as this happened and wanted to leave immediately. We tried to calm him down and I believe I said something like, “no, we can’t leave now!”

The road itself was slightly elevated from the land in front of us and there was an old barbwire fence down below the road, otherwise the area was quite flat with a few trees scattered off in the distance. The craft was a simple disk or classic saucer shape, kind of a luminous white or glowing off-white color, maybe a soft white is the best description, and it was a continuous glow all over, certainly not bright enough to hurt your eyes. We could not make out any details such as windows, doors or portholes, no markings, no "running lights", no fins or wings as it seemed to be a smooth surface, just this luminous glow over the entire craft. I would estimate the object was about the length of 2 full size cars or pickup trucks bumper to bumper. more or less, perhaps a touch less, not really a large craft. The height (or depth) of the craft didn't seem very tall, perhaps enough for a small adult to stand upright in the middle of the ship, at the deepest point. 

One of the other very striking things was that this craft made absolutely NO noise at all, nothing!!! It never made any sound as long as we observed it, it simply hovered with no discernible movement of any kind. One other very odd thing was that at some point we noticed a light, a beam of sorts underneath the craft. It was sort of like a small, soft spotlight, not really intense, and it was moving erratically underneath the craft and you could see it moving over the ground, but in no real pattern or anything I could discern and it stayed directly underneath it. Well, we stood there watching all this for a while in complete shock and amazement, I'm not sure how long, but it seems like only a short time, maybe 5 minutes or so from beginning to end. I don't recall any other vehicles passing us in either direction during the time we were standing there. The craft eventually just moved off at an angle to our right, away from the highway, not real quickly, rather slowly actually, but at a steady pace until it disappeared in the distance. It was quite open country and flat in this spot so we watched it until it was gone, sort of masked by some distant trees and by now the sky was completely dark. Needless to say we were shaken, amazed and excited, and found the whole experience totally baffling and rather hard to believe that it had happened. 

I recall a couple of the other guys saying later how they had always been very skeptical of such things, until now. They sure weren't skeptical anymore! We got back in the car and talked about it a while and knew we needed to get on to our destination in New Orleans and we discussed what we were going to do about this strange event for a little while before we left. Mostly my friends didn’t want to tell anyone or report it because they assumed we would be accused of being crazy. I kind of agreed, but truly thought we should report the entire incident to someone and expressed that to the others. Although I wasn’t sure who to report it to, I truly wish that we had done so and then there would be a record of it, citing when and where this happened. Sadly, we never called and reported anything about it to anyone. We continued on to our destination, continuing to talk about everything that happened. 

When we arrived in New Orleans, our friends were genuinely upset and concerned and wanted to know why it had taken us so long to get there. Everyone in this entire group had all left the same location at about the same time and were to meet up in New Orleans at a pre-arranged destination, a local motel where everyone would be staying. We were a bit baffled by our friends response and all of us kept explaining that we didn't waste a lot of time and only stopped for fuel and perhaps snacks or restroom break on the trip. And that was the truth, except for the time we spent watching the craft by the side of the road which we all felt sure was only a few minutes at most. Our friends thought we should have arrived at least 2 hours sooner than we did and they had considered calling the police or highway patrol to see if we have been in an accident. Their concern seemed genuine and they didn't really seem to believe we had not "wasted" some time somewhere. 

Way back then I didn't know anything about “missing time”, but it would appear we spent more than a few minutes on the side of the road from what our friends were telling us. What truly happened around that part of the encounter I do not know. I have absolutely no recollection of anything happening that I have not described. While something else may have occurred, I can't say for sure, but ever since that day over all these years, I have always wondered about it a great deal. There was no explanation for the alleged delay of our arrival or the "missing time" that our friends implied. I left that job some months later and I have never seen any of the other 3 men since. I have no way to contact them and wouldn't even know if they are dead or alive, nor can I even remember their last names. There were no cell phones back then and we had no cameras handy, so sadly, there was no way to document what happened and I have no hard evidence to back up my story. I am simply a person of integrity giving an account of my sighting and I have absolutely no reason to lie about any of the details, I know that all I have written here are true facts to the best of my recollection. I am at peace about this and just think it's past time I told someone in an official capacity about what happened. It was a very memorable event in my life and I have spent many hours trying to figure out if more happened than I can recall. 

Thank you for reading my memory of this sighting. (I made a few slight corrections to grammar, typos, details and paragraph placement on 5-17–2021)
