{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-05-12 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2725,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5492294.json","updb_database_id":5492294}
{rjl} 3 of us witnesed 2 entities and an Opalescent object

This happened in 1963 in Sawyer, Michigan. I was a teenager and fishing on a little lake dug out for fill for I-94. It was roughly 9:30 PM when two little boys ( brothers of a friend ) yelled out and asked if I would take them for a ride in my boat. I rowed in and picked them up.

  We rowed around the lake and it was just about dark when I saw two people standing at the edge of the water on the I-94 side of the lake. I rowed over to them thinking they were two other friends who always fished the lake. I rowed up to them, maybe 15 feet away and started calling their names, no reply. It was dark and I couldn't make them out except in silhouette. I was about to row closer when the kids in the back started screaming and crying. I turned to them and they pointed to my left and I saw this object floating maybe 2 feet off the water maybe 100 feet away.

  The object was oval with a flattened bottom and maybe 10-20 feet wide. It's color was an opalescent white that did not reflect on the water. It didn't make a sound or disturb the surface of the water and seemed to slowing be coming toward us.

  When I realized something was very wrong I turned the boat around and headed for the opposite shore where we kept the boat. We were all scared to death and ran for the kids house as soon as we hit shore. I did not bother to look at the object again, I was scared and rowing my heart out.

  When we came into their house their mother and father started yelling at the three of us asking " Where the Hell were you ". I replied I took the boys for a boat ride and tried to explain what happened. They father cut me off saying "Bulls**t" they had combed the area by the lake and walked around it calling for the boys for the last hour and found nothing. I told that couldn't be as it just turned dark 20 minutes ago and we didn't see you or hear you. He pointed at the clock and it was 11:15 PM, I thought it was maybe 10.

  There is more to this but it's hard to explain here. This has bothered me since that day and simply had to get it off my chest.

Rick
