{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59846","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2714,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5499294.json","updb_database_id":5499294}
looked out 2nd story window, saw blinding white light hovering across street, flew over my home roof top level, looked up saw colored rectangular light s underneath flew quickly then to concession road

date January 2014, approximately 10:00 in the evening. I looked out the 2nd story bathroom window when I saw a blinding halogen type large light that seemed to be hovering over the school across the street. At first I wondered if it was a helicopter but found that to be odd. I was stunned by its brilliance and could not look away. The light then proceeded to come slowly toward my home at rooftop level. I could not
look away although the light hurt my eyes. As the craft flew directly over my home I looked up underneath and saw two large rectangular lights one bright blue and if I remember correctly the other was red. Because the white light of the craft was so blinding- even though the craft was so close to me as I looked out the window I could not make out a shape or an accurate size although I feel it was much larger than two cars. It was so close to the roof of my home I felt very frightened. It was also so close I felt I could have thrown something at it and hit it in retrospect. 
As it passed out of my view I ran to the back of my home to look out my son's bedroom window to see it as it passed over and away from my home. I wanted my son to see it who was in his bedroom. In the time it took me to run down the hall, and look out the window, the craft had already passed over the subdivision and was as far away as the rural concession road and nothing more that a bright white light. This suggests a change of speed because the object came quite slowly across the street and flew slowly over my home. Of course I was upset and telling my son about what I had witnessed when he mocked me saying it was an airplane in the distance. The object just flew out of sight.

The fact I saw this object so close to me, scared me for quite a few months and it still bothers me now. I wondered why it flew so close to my roof, my home so slowly.I felt it was a UFO and felt threatened by its proximity to my home.
