{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-30 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3053,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5529294.json","updb_database_id":5529294}
Three orange objects were observed moving in a northeastern direction single file.

On the evening of Oct.30, 2010 at about 8:15 PM I was in my bed room when I heard my 9 year old son call for me with an urgent tone to his voice. I responded and asked him what he wanted and he stated that there were three orange 'things' in the sky. I immediately ran into the living room and saw that he was scared and crying; my girlfriend and her son were also in the room and were shaken by what they were watching from the living room window. I instructed my son to go to my bedroom and get my binoculars as I went outside, at first viewing the objects with the naked eye, and then through the binoculars. What I observed was three circular orange objects traveling single file in a northeastern direction at a speed faster than a commercial aircraft, while making no noise, until they disappeared from view. There were no flashing red and green wing lights that could be seen to identify it as an aircraft. My first inclination was to suspect these objects as UFO's. This event was witnessed by all five people in the home that evening: my son, my girlfriend, her son and daughter, and myself during a time span of about five minutes. (My son related to me that when he first saw the objects they were in a triangular formation and from what I could discern from his description of the event they were moving in a westerly direction and then made a "right-angled" turn split into a single-file formation and proceeded in the northeasterly direction that I had observed.) 

After the event I immediately contacted the local police department through the 911 communication center. The police responded in a timely manner and took a statement and said that they would check into it. A while later (about 20 minutes) the police did call back and said that they had contacted the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport and were told that nothing unusual occurred. I pursued my suspicions that what we witnessed was a UFO event got on my computer and Googled "UFO sightings in PA". There was one link that just jumped right out at me, it read: "New UFO video recorded near Keen Lake in Waymart, Pennsylvania 11-Oct-2010". We live right next to Keen Lake in Waymart, PA and the video is EXACTLY what we all witnessed the evening of Oct.30, 2010. There is nothing that can convince any of us differently on what we saw that evening...this was a indeed a UFO sighting.
