{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494294","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/294/mufon-5494294.json","updb_database_id":5494294}
{nd} through our car windshield wife and I saw 2 stationary horizontal cylinders low and seemingly close

My wife and I like to explore back roads. We were travelling roughly east on a clear day on a dirt road several miles northeast of Auburn looking for a route from highway 49 to highway 20 (or another dirt road) that would go all the way around the east perimeter of the very large Beale Air Force base east of Marysville. Driving slowly through the low foothills on what I believe is the only road around that side of the base, we topped a little rise and before us and a little to the east of us, at an unknown distance, but seemingly less than 500 yards we saw two horizontal cylinders of unknown size, hovering broadside to us, just above the trees, close to each other, pointed slightly away from us toward I would say ENE. My impression was that the one in front and slightly above the other was moving when we sighted them, slowly, like a boat drifting in the water. For the duration of the less than one minute sighting the objects appeared stationary. We stopped for just a few seconds. As we rolled down this little rise, the trees before us blocked our view. We didn't see them take off, disappear or do anything at all. We just saw these two cylinders that didn't make any sense. They looked like very large shiny silvery metal fuselages with blunt ends, no wings, no insignia, no sound, nothing. 

My immediate mental response on this and the other time I saw cylinders from my home some thirty miles east of this sighting was that this was some secret military stuff and it frightened me because Beale was right there. We were driving along a perimeter fence when we saw them. We discussed it briefly and neither of us really wanted to explore it further. It was creepy. We didn't talk to anybody about it. Didn't report it to anybody. I still think they are some kind of military deal. We both want to see any pictures or descriptions of other folks' sightings of cylinders. So far I have found only blurry images or streaks online. I'm not certain whether we were in Yuba county or Nevada county at the time of the sighting. I would really like to see some pictures of similar things.

We are willing to answer any questions, but we really don't have much to add. That was the whole deal and we just drove on, arriving at highway 20 near the north gate of Beale about fifteen minutes later. As I recall, neither of us mentioned it again until I told my wife about the sighting from our yard. I can't even say for certain that they looked like exactly the same thing, but certainly identical in behavior... hovering, silent, etc. Actually, hovering doesn't feel like the right word. Stationary. That's the right word.
