{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1900-02-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1q5pu7e","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182510,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dogs react to horizontal row of bright lights hovering in the skyGroup
/Category 4
Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Asheboro, North Carolina
February 18, 2000
Drawing
Animal Reaction Feature:
The witness, Lee, was a security guard at a food plant. As part
of his job, he periodically walked a circuit around the fenced property
of the plant. Two dogs (boxer/pit bull types) lived nearby and
always, without fail, barked and behaved aggressively when Lee walked
this circuit. On February 18 at about 7 pm, Lee stepped outside
and the dogs were silent. This was so strange that he went to
look for them. He found them sitting next to one another, both
looking up into the air. Lee followed their gaze but detected
nothing. He tried to get the dogs’ attention. One ignored
him and continued to look upward, and the other turned its head to look
at him, and then returned its gaze upward. Lee left them and proceeded
to walk the plant perimeter fence and then went back inside.

When he came out to walk the perimeter at 9:20 pm, the dogs were
normally loud and aggressive and have continued to be so ever
since. However, during this 9:20 pm circuit, Lee sighted a
stationary line of 15-20 very bright lights in a perfectly straight
horizontal line. After 40-45 seconds, these lights faded in a
systematic manner.
[Although there is a 2 hour 20 minute time span between the
dogs’ behavior and the appearance of the unknown lights, Lee felt there
was a relationship between these events and presented his sighting from
that viewpoint--jw]
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
Lee, 29, reported his hearing and eyesight as good. A family man,
he gave the impression of taking his job seriously. He had one
other sighting of something he could not identify 7 years previously.
The events of February 18 took place in a city environment. Although
Lee reported a clear night with the moon visible [full moon was
February 19], NOAA weather data indicates mist and low overcast
to his west and some mist and 50 percent cloud cover to his east.
The horizontal row of 15-20 lights was perfectly straight and
evenly spaced. Their brightness was “almost blinding.” Tthe
colors were as follows: the end lights were red (these were the
brightest, “like a ball of fire”), inside the red end lights were 2
orange-red lights (not as bright as the red lights), and the center
lights were blue with a neon quality to them. Lee reported the
lights had a glow around them [NOAA reported mist?—jw] so nothing could
be seen above or below them. The row of lights was perfectly still and
there was no variation in their relative positions. Lee felt they were
attached to a single structure.
After 40-45 seconds, the lights began to systematically dim
and disappear in the following sequence.  The red light on
one end dimmed and disappeared, and then the red light at the far end
did the same. Then the orange-red light next to the first red
light dimmed and disappeared, and then the orange-red light at the
other end dimmed and disappeared. This process continued until
only the center blue light remained, and it dimmed and disappeared
leaving “…nothing in the air, period.”
Lee estimated that if he held a basketball at arm’s length, it
would cover all 15-20 lights. He said they were treetop level at
an elevation of about 30 degrees and he thought they were within 500
feet of him. He felt that each individual light’s actual size was
about that of a basketball.
No sound was heard. There were no EM or physiological
effects.
On February 21, at 6:10 pm (sunset was at 6 pm) , Lee had a
second view of an unknown object in the same general area of the
sky. In this case, he saw a long, thin object (“like a pencil”)
with 2 tapered points at the ends. It had a slight side-to-side
motion, and then changed its orientation. At that point Lee could
see a triangular shape before it moved into smoke or clouds and
disappeared.
Source:
This report is written from my file notes after the witness called the
Fund for UFO Research. At FUFOR’s request, I spoke with him on the
phone for about an hour on February 22 and spoke with him again on
February 23, 24, and 28. On February 25 I received drawings from
him.
I emailed Mr. George Lund, MUFON State Director, NC, and he
arranged for Robert Hair to meet with Lee. Mr. Lund kindly sent
me copies of the MUFON forms filled out during that meeting. The
MUFON forms did not indicate any animal reactions (had been checked
then erased), obviously because of the time interval as discussed
above.—Joan Woodward
