{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-03 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500489","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58613","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/489/mufon-5500489.json","updb_database_id":5500489}
Three separate bright slowly moving lights

At approximately 2145 I went to the veranda and looked out south over the city. In the distance, above and to the right of some unused industrial chimneys, there was a bright red-yellow light moving slowly upwards. At first I thought it was a firework and I waited for it to explode. However, it continued to moved vertically upwards and did not explode. It then slowly begun to move horizontally eastward.
The bright light was not flashing and was not point-like, but dense in the middle. It moved slowly for about 2 minutes, covering around 4 km, and then slowed until it was almost hovering. Then gradually the light dimmed to a red-brown and went out.
The sky was mostly clear, but there were a few wispy clouds; and I tried to see whether the light/object was still there, but it seemed to have disappeared. There was practically no wind. I then turned 180 degrees to go back inside my flat, when I noticed a second very bright light/object in the sky to the west. This had the exact same appearance as the first bright light. The light was very bright and was hovering. It then slowly moved horizontally towards the south, but then the light begun to fade, as had the previous bright light, and it disappeared.
I went in and thought about it, and then five minutes later came out again, and there was a third bright light as the other two, in a similar location to the second. It behaved similarly to the second light and faded out again.
There is an airport to the East, but the first light/object did not move exactly towards that and it faded out well before the airport location. The other two bright lights had no direction that could be obviously associated with the airport. 
According to the flight timetable there were no planes expected at that time. About one hour after the bright lights, there was an airplane coming in to Iasi airport; but this was very distinctly an airplane with a flashing tail light and a very different appearance to the bright lights which appeared earlier.
