{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-25 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472489","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/489/mufon-5472489.json","updb_database_id":5472489}
3 red orbs seen over Blaine Wa

I had previously reported this to nuforc.org. I noticed there was a report on this site for a very similar siting that happened within approx. 18 minutes of mine and 37k/23 miles away.

3 red orbs seen over Blaine Wa.

This sighting happened on Xmas evening Dec 25, 2016. Our family had gone to Xmas dinner at a hotel in downtown Vancouver. At approximately 10:30 pm we returned home and were in our family room, when my son said hey look at the bright red light outside. I thought he was kidding around, but when I looked out the window sure enough there was a large red orb sitting stationary over Blaine, Washington. We live in White Rock, BC, overlooking Semiahmoo Bay which faces Blaine. 

I quickly grabbed my high power spotting scope to see if I could get a better look to see if there was a definitive shape or hard edges to the object, as it just looked like a red ball. Even with the scope, that is all it looked like zoomed in. 

As I watched, the orb start to ascend, I noticed another one a bit lower down and to the left appear and was ascending towards the higher one. After watching for about a minute or so, a 3rd one appeared coming from the Canadian side of the border and it looked like it flew right over the customs border checkpoint at about 300 feet or so off the ground. As I watched this unfold the first one began to go into a fairly large cloud over Blaine, and as it disappeared, the second had caught up a bit and went into the cloud nearby. The third started to ascend after I watched it fly level for about half a mile or so and followed the other two into the same approximate area of the cloud. I watched for quite awhile after they went into the cloud, but they didn1t return. One thing I noticed was that the sky was totally clear out toward the south except for this cloud over Blaine which I would guess was approx. 1000-1500 feet in altitude. In hindsight, I regret not videoing instead of looking at them thru the scope. The whole sighting lasted about 4 or 5 minutes from the time we first saw the orbs.
