{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-05-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460489","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3484,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/489/mufon-5460489.json","updb_database_id":5460489}
See Below

In 1965, I was riding home with a friend on the back of his Cushman Silver Eagle Motorcycle.
The Place Was Little Rock AFB in Arkansas USA. The Time Was ABOUT 930PM,(NOT Too Sure.)
As we were riding down the Main Street and heading toward THE HOUSING AREA I noticed a very bright light coming from over the Base Lake, (Now called Thomas Lake). Because the Motorcycle pounded so hard, it was difficult the get a good look at whatever the thing was. I said to my friend, “what do you think that is?” Looking at it, he thought it might be a “Helicopter”. I said back to him, I don’t think there are too many Helicopters’ that light up like that, everything was brightly light. 
It was about 20ft in Diameter, was glowing ALL OVER with the color of a light color Amber, Just as it got about 15 ft above the lake, then suddenly lights of many colors began to “Rotate around the bottom part of this Object, Colors like Green, Blue, Red, Yellow. We drove right by this thing that was now moving up very slowly until it was about a hundred ft up above the lake. It , very slowly, began to move towards the North, In the direction of North Conway Ark. 
I asked my friend to get me home fast, and he did. I had a set of 7X50 binocular, and thought I could get a better look from the roof of the house. But by then it had move to far away. All I could see was a round , light color yellow “Orb”, as it continued to move in a northerly direction. 
This all happened on an ACTIVE US Air Base. When I had told my mother and Father about what happened, well, they thought I was crazy. But the next day when My Father got home, he said that there was quite the commotion on Base. It seems that there were many Eye witnesses, BUT, being that this was a military base, with lots of RADAR, nothing showed up on any of the radars units. 
I worked as a Bus Boy at the Officers club and restaurant and my mother a waitress. 
I was back in the dishwashers area when my mother came in saying that some “People wanted to see me. (She had overheard their conversation, and she told them about my story)
These “People were there to “Investigate” the incident that occurred two nights earlier.
I told them what I saw THAT NIGHT, but I never told them about what happened a Month earlier at the school I was attending in Jacksonville. AND THAT IS WHERE THE REAL STORY BEGAINS.
I kept this event to myself all these years, this happened when I was 15 yrs old, I am now 72. I just feel compelled to tell this story now.
I have watched many stories on TV, with files being reenacted from “MUFON”, But Nothing about this incident that happened on this AFB. Nor anything that happened a month earlier at the school. (These two things are directly connected).
Maybe they are recorded, I really don’t know. If so, I would like to read any information you may have. PLEASE!
