{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-23 13:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524489","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/489/mufon-5524489.json","updb_database_id":5524489}
disk like object came out from cloud and traveled into another cloud.

Tuesday Aug. 23 2011.Beautiful clear day with large white clouds. Came out of my house and was walking down my sidewalk to pick up mail. I looked up to the northeast to see coming out of a very large white cloud an object that I could not recognize as anything I had seen before. When I saw this thing I was absolutely stunned and I remember thinking, What is that!!!???. I continued down my sidewalk and as I got to my driveway I saw it as it was heading to the opposite cloud.(going west) It looked like a rusty copper penny on its side. It looked like it had a small bulge in its middle. It did not bob, zigzag or emit any kind of lights or noise. It was completely silent. I could not fathom what I was seeing and did not know what to do. My husband and I have lived here for over 20 years and I have never seen anything like this in my life. I don't know what it is but I do know what it is not. It is not an airplane. It had no wings,no tail,no lights,no sound,no trail of exhaust. It was not a bird. It was not a hot air balloon because we have had balloons land across the street from our house many years ago. I know what one sounds like. I called the airport to see if anyone had sent up any kind of weather balloon and they had not. If ANYONE can tell me what this thing was/is I would certainly appreciate it. It was nothing I had EVER seen before in my life. Did someone send up some sort of balloon that looks like a ufo? I don't know. All I know is that this is consuming my thoughts and I just want to know what it is. I have always tried to have an open mind about these things and know that something is going on in the skies above us. I just don't know what. I went out and bought a camera and intend to keep it with me at all times. I will probably never see anything like this again but I will keep looking. Last thought...I did not see anything in the paper about this or hear in the news. Did anybody else see it and like me don't know who to call without appearing like a nut??? Has anyone else seen anything like this object?
