{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-07 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5483045.json","updb_database_id":5483045}
{nd} Orange/Yellow stationary, non-blinking object observed, largest & brightest object in sky, remained for hours as small planes (?) flew by it making 45 degree turns by it all night as if to get a look. Have seen this before in other areas of sky

I always stargaze when I go out at night and like to be aware of my surroundings. I live in a rural area so, we have a good view of the night sky. I know what stars belong where (constellations) and what is out of place. For some time now, I have seen a "star-like" stationary object in the night sky that obviously doesn't belong there and is not a star, planet, satellite, etc. For example, it may be in the eastern sky one night and in the southern sky the next time I see it, at the same time frame, and may appear closer or farther away from sighting to sighting. I decided to start documenting it to see if there are any others that are observing the same thing and will try to get pictures - but it really isn't going to show anything but a light.

My most recent sighting was on June 7, 2016 at approximately 10PM EST (to at least 3 AM EST). I took my dog out for a walk and noticed a stationary orange/yellow immensely bright "star-like" object about 35 degrees from the horizon in the eastern sky. This object did not blink or twinkle like an object outside our atmosphere (like planets and stars)and was the largest object in the night sky by far. It appeared to be approximately "aspirin" sized from my vantage point.

What is most notable about this sighting is that we are not in any kind of a air-traffic pattern, there are no small airports near my house where we'd be getting traffic from. However, all night there were small planes (or some kind of crafts, I couldn't tell because they were not lit up bright enough to see details) that would fly toward the light's direction, then once they got in front of it, would make a 45 degree turn and fly off. These sounded like an air boat, like the motor was a huge fan.

This went on all night, I quit observing at around 3AM but heard the planes coming and going until at least 5 AM.
