{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-02-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5547045.json","updb_database_id":5547045}
Elmendorff AFB, several over large area, cluster-like.

Have entered report before. Times and dates questionable or may
vary. Only EAFB knows for sure. Good luck trying to concur any
info. Four on our watch. El. AFB teletypes ring off with bogey accounts
of cluster-like object that deployed or changed shape or ?. Rec.
msgs for hours and hours of stat and posi reports. Others joined us on our
watch shortley (about) one hr.(never happens) into reports and relieved us of our 
duty w/AFB teletype monitor, so we were freed up to handle routine
traffic from various White Alice sources, Hono, Japan, and lower 48.
Were advised of our mission as personnel pertaining to all details
of security clearances and some,zip-lip crap from some leiutentant with
bad breath, so we never discussed any of it. I for one never even wrote home about it and frankly zobbed the whole idea. I liked to bivouac
on my 72's and witnessed a light, blueish hazy oval shaped object over Buskin lake some months later at dusk. Watched it, no noise etc. and
just laid down in a wrapped poncho and went to sleep. Didn't report
it. Who to? Military authorities? I just can't understand how
"authority" goes day to day with whatever knowledge "they" have about
this stuff in an aloof, unattached fashion until the rubber meets the road.
At this point, any attempts to mention this to family or anyone at
any point is met with harsh contempt because I waited so long to say anything. Who am I? Clark Kent? Thanks for the memories. Wanna hear about missing time? X-file stuff? About five or six years ago, I started getting
little mental snippets of being somewhere not my home in 1953? // Portland
Oregon in a dark place sitting closely too an extremely beautiful blonde
lady who was more comforting than anyone I have experienced. Across
from us in the dark haze was a military guy in khakis just sitting 
silently. These are the earliest memories I have in my life, oh yeah,
something went up my nose, I could "hear" twisting and grinding and
pressure but no pain. I am sure that the blonde lady was there to comfort me. There was no panic or trauma and certainly no memory of it until
the above mentioned time. Why the hell would I remember things like that?
You're in the business; be my guest.
