{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-16 06:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5522045.json","updb_database_id":5522045}
Blue color around the moon

This is not a UFO siting. It is an observation about the moon.

I arrived at my work at the Ithaca City School District this morning at 6:14 a.m. and went into the Board Building to take care of some things. Then, at 6:35 a.m., I had to go to another building. Upon exiting my building, I looked up and the sky was very clear. It was still completely dark out, and the moon was crystal clear and very bright to look at. 

At this point, I noticed a definite electric blue glow around the moon -- less/thinner on the rounded side (left) and a wider band on the flatter side (right). The bands of blue were not from the edge of the moon outwards, like a lighting effect shining off the moon, but inside the perimiter of the moon itself covering the actual white part of the moon. It did not appear in the darkness around the moon. 

At first, I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, so I covered one and then the other to see if perhaps one eye was spazzing out or something. What I saw with both eyes, I saw also with each one individually. Then I thought maybe my eyes are watering, so I blinked, but there were no excess tears to wipe away. Next, I looked at the stars. The sky was very clear and stars were everywhere. None of them had a hint of this electric blue color to them.

This seemed very strange to me. I don't remember ever having seen this effect before. I thought perhaps it was the proverbial "blue moon," which must not happen very often, since the phrase "once in a blue moon" seems to have the connotation of "not very often" or "almost never." And, I always thought the "blue moon" was a full-moon.

It was probably some kind of optical effect, though I'm curious to know if anyone else has seen it, or if my eyes truly were playing a trick on me.
