{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-07 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5470045.json","updb_database_id":5470045}
{td}Numerous encounters; objects appeared as if they wanted me to acknowledge their presence.

Family history of paranormal activity. Father worked for OSI, and brother works for NASA. I, however, lack credibility in societies eyes'. As child, my brother and I always had intense allure with the universe and the existence of other beings. The evening I'm reporting is one of the most perplexing. I have military grade thermal/night vision equipment, and I noticed high activity at the aforementioned address between 2011 and 2015. On this specific evening, I was walking my dog, when I stopped to observe what I perceived as the moon. It was calm quiet country night and I decided to video the moon from the undeveloped back of my neighborhood, which was only accessible on foot. Earlier that evening, I observed some regular, but irregular to most, activity in the skies. I didn't have my normal equipment, so I used my cellphone to video the moon. As I am looking at the moon, I see a light appear approximately 50 feet in front of me. Then I see more lights, spherical and pulsating a variety of colors. My dog was acting peculiar but I kept recording what was apparently in front of me, although invisible to the naked eye. It was just a few days ago when I decided to look at the video using new software. I adjusted some of the specular options and that's when part of the experience became clear. I still dont know what they were trying to convey to me, thus, I am hoping Mufon can help desipher the msg, if any. I have many videos of the same area at day and night but in this video, a being(s) are very close to me. The area is pitch black, which is why I normally use the Infra or Thermal, but bc I had the dog with me, I left them at home. Many unusual experiences, seemingly generationally linked/tied to ancestry in Hawaii, and have had contact with military aka "men in black" on few occasions. I want to remain anonomous, but anonimity doesn't truly exist anymore. My phone number & cities are accurate. I have other videos, but majority were confiscated. Please contact me via text if you are interested in analyzing the video. Text the address of where to send video to, and I will ensure it gets there. Also, include the name of contact, for they will have to sign for the article. Please include the following code on email as identifier: A347CE. Thank you in advance for your time and attention to this matter.
