{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-19 13:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92574","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5468045.json","updb_database_id":5468045}
{jpg} The object wasn't seen during the event. It was discovered during processing my photos.

A friend of mine took me up in his plane out of the Redding Municipal Airport in Northern California. I brought my camera to do some aerial photography (non-professional). We were off the ground and I took a photo of the runway as we ascended.

I didn't notice any object other than the fuselage of the plane, the runway and surrounding landscape. I first noticed the object when I downloaded my photos to process them in Photoshop.

I didn't know what to make of the object in my photo other than it had a distinct shape and flight angle, but I don't know which direction it was traveling although the photo suggests an angled ascent from left to right.

I have no idea what maneuvers the object made as I didn't see it. I was only observing our forward take off through my camera's viewfinder. I don't know how fast a propeller turns, but the object came out more distinct than the propeller.

When I saw the object in my photo several days later, I didn't think much about it. In Photoshop I was mainly making general edit adjustments (highlights, shadows, contrast). I initially thought that the object was a smear on the plane's windshield, but it seemed to be at a distance. I applied the burn tool to the object to bring out a bit more detail. In doing so, I realize that may have rendered the object as something that it is not. But the object intrigued me enough to consider that maybe I unintentionally captured an image of an UFO. I don't know what the object is, but it certainly looks like a UFO image. [Also, in retrospect, we didn't receive any communications from flight control regarding an unknown craft in our immediate air space, nor did the plane have any unusual instrument or mechanical malfunctions.]

I sent the image to my friend who piloted the plane and he sent it on (with permission since it interests him as a pilot) to MUFON, so the image I have submitted is the same one, but I have the metadata for the photo which follows: Sony a77, Sony 16-50 f:2.8 lens. Settings were: f/6.3, 1/1000th second, ISO 160 and taken at 24mm focal length. Photo resolution 240dpi. Again, I only made basic adjustments to the photo and applied the burn tool to get more detail from the object. The object was not added in for any reason (e.g., a prank or spoof) and I'm not claiming that it is in fact an UFO. I am merely curious to see what MUFON makes of it. Whether it's debunked/explained or authenticated, I'm hoping for the latter.
