{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-20 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51686","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5507045.json","updb_database_id":5507045}
{dr}HUGE triangle, three HUGE bright white lights, one at each point, one red light in middle, incredibly low, steadily moving, very frightening

I was leaving my grandmothers house at 7:20pm, eastern time when, as I was coming around a bend in the neighborhood, I noticed a set of three incredibly bright lights in the sky flying towards me, or in my direction. I pulled over and put my car in park in front of someones house to stare at the lights because I had never witnessed anything like it before. I thought that maybe it was a plane, but Ive never in my life seen anything like it, especially not a plane like THAT. It flew directly over the neighborhood and directly over my car at approximately 500ft going northeast. As it continued its journey over my car I stuck my head out of the window to get a good look at it and it was a very big, very dark colored triangular shaped flying object with an incredibly bright white light at each of its three points and a large red light in the middle of the craft. As it passed over me I could hear a low humming sound. In the distant sky behind it I saw another enormous bright white light that was also moving east. As it was moving the light suddenly dimmed and became the size of a very small star and then completely disappeared, all while flying in the sky! I could not believe what I had just witnessed. Furthermore, farther in the eastern sky were two other large bright objects. They were very, very large and bright, but stationary in the sky. I was very frightened and even started to tremble because I didn't know what was about to happen and even thought to myself that something bad might be seconds away. Once I arrived at home, about 4 miles from my original sighting, there were planes everywhere heading in the direction that the first larger, triangle craft was headed in (NE). I am still shaken up over this event and no one could convince me that they were man made. It still has me very nervous about what may happen in the future.
