{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5501045.json","updb_database_id":5501045}
{cak} Myself, my two sons were walking at night, in close vicinity to the airport. We recently moved to the area and enjoy watching the planes take off. When my youngest son 14 pointed and said look. We noticed something going by at an high rate of speed.

It was dark out close to 9 pm when my boys 20 & 14 & I decided to go walking as we usually do each night. The difference this time is we are in a new area there about a week or so; close to the airport in Austin, TX. We were walking in the direction towards the airport. We frequently enjoy taking nature walks and seeing new things, creatures, bugs, flowers, trees etc. On this particular night my youngest was looking for a snake we had seen earlier when we were arriving home. I enjoy watching the airplanes coming and going. Some are so close they seem like they are going to fall on us. We are located approximately a 1/2 mile or so from the airport. We were just watching as a plane was coming in for a landing from W to E (about). When my youngest yelled and pointed look. We all looked up at the sky when he joked it's an alien. It was in the S - SW direction side of the airport. The first thing I noticed was the ball of bright lights; not being able to see well without glasses I didn't think much until I noticed the speed. I was like wow that's super fast. I would approximate the area from ground where I image it wouldve been on land to the area it wouldve arrived at in a straight direction as maybe 30 miles or so. It went that distance in about the 10 - 15 seconds we watched. Then in the next second I said whoa as an airplane crossed the exact path leaving the airport from E - SE(in an X type of crossing not a t). I said that was close. As we continued to watch the 8 shaped orb. It looked as if it were a figure 8 laying on it's side. Two perfectly round bright shaped orbs. Then I started wondering even without my glasses why I can't see the wings and tail in the early dusk hours as I usually can. We watched other planes further away and we could see the wings and tail. And I thought where are the wings and tail on this one. At that point it separated into two orbs. The back one disappeared and within a second the first one disappeared. As we all stood there in the middle of the road in shoke we didnt know what to say. I asked the boys to explain what the saw. They said exactly what I saw. My son checked the time and it was exactly 9:05 pm. After thinking for a moment I told the boys there was no way it would or could have been a plane. The airport would not put two airplanes in the same direct path of each other. Only moments from missing each other had it not been for the speed of the UFO. Then as we thought about it we believe that it was not on figure 8 shaped vessel but rather two orbs probably "racing" or "chasing" the other. From our view they looked connect but could have be semi side by side to appear to be one. We though wow this is amazing and had hoped to see more sightings. We definitely will be spenind more time out doors investigating but will be ready with a camera next time.
