{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-26 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52775","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3210,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5506045.json","updb_database_id":5506045}
{rjl} hey stars- where is the moon?then i saw it at the stack - pink and enormous .moon and stars respond to me by movement of my body and mind.

I was home. Nearly every night I go outside and take sky pics. Supposed to be a pink moon tonight - so I went looking for it. There was no moon. As I do on pic nights, I waved at a bright star and said "hey you guys - where is the moon - you forgot the moon.  I waved and they waved back expressing joy to see me. I turned about looking for the moon - there it was at the old smelter stack on the ground and rising. Ginormous and pink! I knew the moon could not truly be there as the mountains close off the stack. I took a few pics...was amazed! Watched the beauty of the unfolding intense neon pink. I snapped a few pics and thanked my star buddies for such an opportunity to view this event! They responded by dancing and I felt a kinship of joy....while fully realizing that I may be dealing with demons. There are only a few pics from this event. I was lost in absorbed time. Seems to me that I went somewhere to perform my duty, to attend, and observe, and learn, and teach.  

Upon pic review I noticed many new images:
  ant like creatures that would be about 80 feet tall if they stood up 
  or: are they many small creatures in formations?

  gold or plutonium extraction
  
  pink point grid to lower light/ not light cast onto stack

  large wings seem possible

  mas movement in one shutter click on ground only where extraction 
  occurred.

  Some pics in this group show a large swelling of the base of the 
  stack.

  one daytime pic has a 50 foot ghost attached to the high-up 
  outside of the stack with a buddy ghost whirl on the ground. 

Gold orbs move about. They have a red-violet bird like creature inside---
  which looks like a phoenix to me. Orbs are very curious and will  
  come closer to inspect me. They are attracted by a Lawrence Welk 
  mouth popping sound.

The "MOON" rose into the clouds while casting a gorgeous pink luster into
  the velvet weightless night. Im sure I went somewhere....as I    
  have no recall of the ascension of the moon after my photos were 
  taken.
