{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525045","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/045/mufon-5525045.json","updb_database_id":5525045}
Several sets of very dim lights, flying in formation

This occured when I was in high school, the date given above is just a guess, but was likely between 1997 and 1999. I'm not sure of the month, but it was a warm evening as we were wearing shorts. 
For whatever reason, we were outside looking at the stars when out of the corner of my eye I caught some movement. The lights were very very dim, you could actually see them better if you didn't look directly at them. They were a reddish color. We saw several "sets" of 5 or 7 lights fly over us (don't remember what direction they were coming or going) over the course of 15 or 20 minutes. There was maybe 1-3 minutes between one set of lights and the next. The lights were always in the same formation, same distance apart, at the same angles to each other. The only difference was sometimes there were 5 lights and sometimes 7. 
The lights were flying across the sky. They pretty much went directly over us and continued on in a straight line distance. There was no sound.
The lights did not waver, blink, or change color.
I hadn't thought about this event in years until I saw something on TV about the Phoenix Lights. What people saw in AZ was exactly what I saw in KS. Except that they were smaller. If I were to stretch out my arm full lenth, the width of the formations we saw would probably be about the length of my hand. And the lights were much dimmer. The average person walking down the street that night would have noticed because the lights were so dim. To see this, somebody would have had to been looking closely at the sky to begin with. The 2 friends that were with me didn't see them at first either.
