{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-22 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5507709.json","updb_database_id":5507709}
2 objects of different colors hovering before slow easterly path

I was playing out the back yard of my home with my wife and son when we saw what looked to be a large star-like object (>Venus at sundown) at about 45 degrees to the horizon hovering motionless. At fist I thought it was a balloon before realizing that it is way too high, and therefore would be too large. It was also holding position against a fairly consistent 20 km/h NE wind at sea-level... ergo, could not have been a balloon. After a time of hovering it meandered against the prevailing winds towards the eastern horizon for some minutes before disappearing behind a mares tail cloud. It was rose colored and appeared to have a white luminescence at its center. I took some photos which I would have to pixel down before uploading.

Some 10 or so minutes after that I saw yet another object (or the same one?) just appear straight over head but at roughly the same altitude. It seemed larger giving me the impression that it was closer to us being directly over us. It too was a rose color, again defying the prevailing winds if it were to have been a balloon. Also I noticed through the view finder of my camera that it was quite iridescent and had a distinct glowing yellow light near to its center. After hovering for several minutes in a now clear blue sky overhead it merely disappeared from view as I reviewed the photos that I had taken of it before looking back up (this took only a moment to look up again after reviewing the photos). In the photos the rose and yellow color are quite distinct; query whether they were not in fact some lighting separate to a 3pm glow reflected from the sun. No other objects were seen. My family also witnessed it.

The photos will need to be reduced tin file size to upload properly; something I will endeavor to do soon.
