{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-27 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5476709.json","updb_database_id":5476709}
several flashing orbs

On Thursday April 27, 2017 at approximately 7:30 pm in West Kelowna, British Columbia, I was travelling home with my 3 daughters. My 6 year old daughter said 1Daddy, what are those flashing lights in the sky?1 I was travelling in the southwest direction and I looked up to my left and I noticed several (approximatley 6) flashing lights up in the sky that appeared to flashing and what I would describe as dancing in the sky. At first I wasn't sure what to make of them. I thought they were some sort of flares or even military aircraft doing some sort of exercise. But since I live in the Okanagan valley and there is no Air Force bases in the area, I knew they were not any of conventional military aircraft. The objects that I was observing were absolutely silent. Given the way these object were moving in the sky, I then realized that what I was witnessing was not a normal or easily explainable occurrence and was most likely Extra Terrestrial in nature. 

I quickly pulled off to the side of the road and grabbed my phoned got out of my vehicle to start video recording the lights. Thats when I noticed a second group of (approximatley 4 or 5) that suddenly appeared below the first group. They looked like they were flying closer to Okanagan Lake before the flew upward to join the first group. The two groups formed two separate formations and proceeded to fly eastward towards Kelowna. I had my camera zoomed in and locked on both groups and continued to record them as they were flying away. Or so I thought. After approximately 20-30 seconds of 1recording1, I realized that I didn1t actually hit the record button on my phone. I quickly hit the record button and was able to zoom in on the luminous objects as they were flying away. I was able to record the lights, (which were flying in two groups, one approximately 6, the other approximately 4) for about 30 seconds until they essentially were out of sight. 

Important points:

although it was early evening and the sun was starting to set, there was still plenty of daylight outside. These objects were extremely bright in sky. I am absolutely certain they were neither airplanes of any type or birds.
the objects appeared to be well below the clouds when I first noticed them as well as below the tops of the mountains. The second group of lights appeared tore flying lower in the valley near the lake
although it did not occur to me at first but what I witnessed I would describe as orange glowing orbs since I did not observe any sort of metallic craft with any visible lines. Only lights
the objects that I observed were absolutely silent.
