{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-01 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5530709.json","updb_database_id":5530709}
Round..saucer shape, glowing lite blue. Very large.

My self and a friend were picked up off of Hwy 190 West coming out of Baton Rouge, Louisiana in a car. I owned a 1970 Buick Electra 225 at he time and the entire car was transported up into the UFO. While moving at approximately 70 miles an hour, we noticed a blue light to the right of us above the trees moving with us. Suddenly, the light moved over us and my car lost all electronics. As we slowed to a stop, the car began to rise up into the air and finally was inside the UFO and the bottom of it closed under us. ( TERRIFIED At this point ) Once inside, some doors opened and figures began to move toward us. While being still extremely fightened, at the same time i was kinda interested and curious about these beings and this flying craft. I am a Licensed Airframe and Powerplant mechanic and at the time had spent 6 & 1/2 years in the USAF. One figure in a gray jump suit approached my side of the car and two figures in blue clad suits approached my friends side of the car. I was getting this audible message from the one that approached me that they weren't going to harm us. He was saying ( almost telepathically ), Do Not Be Afraid, We Will Not Harm You. At this point, i began to calm down. My friend was extremely excited and was shouting and cursing at the same time and i screamed at him to shut the F--- Up! I opened my door and got out and started to ask questions as to what is going on, why do you want us, how does this thing fly, can i see the rest of it and others. The figure that approached me, led me away from the car and toward a door. I looked back at my friend and the two figures were laying him in a proped position on the seat and he was apperently asleep. I remember thinking, that was what he was wanting to do before we were picked up. To make a long story short, I made the tour of the ship and talked with these beings for a while. Apperently, we were on this ship for about 4 hrs. At one point, i remember getting hold of a book that had different colored pages in it and asking if i could keep it. They told me i could, but later took it back before releasing us. When released, i was given a warning to share and give to the people of our Nation. For years now, i have been afraid to tell this story, because of repurcussions, especially since i have served 31 yrs. in the USAF. Now i am retired and in light of what is going on in the world, this warning needs to be shared with the whole world. The beings on the UFO ship, told me that they had been watching our planet for many years. They stated, that in that time they realized the we are a war like world and have pursued more and bigger and more destructive weapons of War. Yhey further stated that they had contacted all the Governments of the world and tried to warn them and pursuade them of an alternate direction, but to no avail. At that time, they had also realized that ultimately the Governments of the world were controlled by the people. As such, For this reason, since our Govts. werent listening, they were picking up people from all walks of life to give this message to in hopes that a terrible tradgedy could be prevented. At this point, they asked if i knew what a Quasar was. I let them know that i did and they seemed somewhat surprised when i told the it was an inter galactic storm of planets being destroyed. This is when they gave me their reason for my ride. They said, that if our nations persue this war like attitude and use these ultimate weapons that we have developed, that we could destroy this planet. In doing this, it would trigger a Quasar which in turn would destroy their planet. They said also, that before they would let this happen, they would destroy mankind.
