{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-02 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5451709.json","updb_database_id":5451709}
Witnessed a GIANT winged creature followed shortly by around 15-20 UFO's

It was Thursday July 2nd at around 9:45 pm. My friend and I went outside in hopes to see star-link. Our eyes were to the sky trying to find the train of satellites. Shortly after going outside, we noticed something flying high and focused on it. We thought it was a plane, but then we both saw it flapping. It flew directly over us at about the same height of a Cessna. We could clearly see the wings as it was a close to a full moon and there was no cloud coverage. We watched it fly overhead SW to NE, then before it disappeared past the treeline, it turned to go east, then swiftly changed direction and headed north. It changed direction just like a bird. After discussing with my friend, we realized just how big it was. To be the size it was at the height it was, it would've had to have the wingspan of a Cessna. We both noted how brightly illuminated it was by the moon. We started talking about how a bat's wings are translucent and when back-lit from the bright moon, they would appear as we saw them. We could not see the body of the creature.
Around 5 minutes later, we began seeing lights appear in the South Eastern skies. They appeared only in a small window of the sky. Moving SW to NE, looking star like, they would appear out of nowhere, start off dim, then grow in brightness to be brighter that any star in the sky, then dim back down and then disappear all together. this happened sporadically for the next 5-10 minutes. there were a total of 15-20 that appeared in the same area of the sky. each one at a time, some 15 seconds apart, some minutes apart, some higher in the sky, some lower in the sky, but all still in the same small window of the sky. 
As a reference, we had seen a satellite traverse the entire sky west to east, so we knew there was nothing to explain what we saw. It was a very bright night out with no clouds in the sky.
