{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2956,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5527709.json","updb_database_id":5527709}
about 100-150ft metallic,multy colored lights shimmering on bottom

it was the late 70s and i was about 10. i believe it was possibly november. it was dark and there was no snow on the ground. my dad asked me to pick up bread at the store about 1 1/2 blocks away. i left my house on houde st in nashua nh and headed south, 2 house distance, to will st, turned left ,east, and walked to the next corner, 2 house ditance, and stopped at stop sign on corner of will st and 12th st. i looked down 12th st north to check for no traffic so i could cross to store parking lot and there it was. a 100-150 ft flying saucer hovering silently and motionless about 150 ft over 12th st and extending over houses on both side of road. it was metallic in color and on the bottom it had flashing lights of many differant colors flashing randomly all over the bottom. i was about 500ft to the south of the craft and stared for about 30 seconds in amazment when the craft started to slowly come towards me. i ran across the st into soucys market parking lot and ran into store. there was 3 cashiers and noone else in the store. they asked what was wrong and when i told them i saw a ufo they just laughed. i bought the bread and reluctantly left the store looking all over the sky but ufo was gone. i started back continually looking around sky and when i came to the same spot i had seen it the first time i was looking down 12th st and at the end of the road is ledge st school and woods behind that. i was looking in that direction and seen it. it was about 500ft into woods and lifted up as if it were on the ground to just above tree level and it started back towards me at about 30mph when it was at about the school i ran home for what i thought was my life, i ran inside and told my dad, sister, her boyfriend, and his friend. they all laughed and wouldnt go check. after several minutes of begging them to look we all went out and looked but it was gone and didn't come back. they thought i was crazy or looking for attention. i told friends at school the next day but they laughed. i kept trying to tell my story but noone believed me so i stopped telling it. i have always thought of it though and know for a fact that ufos exsist and noone can tell me otherwise. i have been thinking alot about ufos lately and after watching ancient aliens i felt i had to tell my story.
