{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-14 02:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6304,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5513709.json","updb_database_id":5513709}
(GS) Craft flew west then stopped, ascended, turned upside down made a 90 degree turn teleported appeared else where multiple times second craft flew off from the first

On 12/13/12 at 9:34pm I went outside to smoke but noticed a lot of traffic in the skies. Every day there is about 2-4 planes that fly overhead my home. My nephew likes to look at planes so I watch them with him, he is very young so someone must be with him, and about once every 3-6 weeks a helicopter will fly by. When I was outside at 9:34pm in a 10 minute span I saw 3 helicopters 2 of which were black or very dark in color for sure and 1 larger helicopter that appeared to be the kind that carry cargo (like the kind you see in old war shows on discovery channel with 2 rotors) flying from south to north west over my house. The larger copter was lit up very well so exact colors elude me but it was darker. There was also another helicopter flying over the Home Land Security builds that are only 6 miles from my home. That stayed patrolling the sky above the HLS offices for about 5 hours. On top of the helicopters I saw 8 more planes one was very high going from south east to north west very fast ( faster then I have seen passenger planes fly at) a total of 4 planes came from the south east headed to north west while 3 came from south west to north west. The one that was flying high and fast was not as big as a passenger plane either and flew from north east to north west. This was far more air traffic then normal and I thought something was up. All of the helicopters and planes flew very close to one another several side by side while others followed them shortly after (about 30-45 seconds ). I thought maybe it was due to the meteor shower that they were flying all in the same direction and so close together, however that truly didn't make sense. I returned out side every hour or so to smoke and watch the helicopter above the HLS buildings. Knowing that the moon was not visible last night I also decided to watch the meteor shower. At 2:53am 12/14/12 I went outside again to watch the meteor shower. I watched 4 shoot in different directions (some to the north east and some to the north west) one caught my attention as it was a gold/orange/yellow color and it had no tail. I watched it fly a short distance in the sky and then stop. It just hovered there for a few minutes and then it started this Ariel dance. It flew straight up stopped for all of a half second and appeared to flip over (upside down) then it shot left, making a 90 degree/ right angle maneuver and then stopped. Another light appeared from the first as the first got brighter. The second light looked like a small circle making the first light appear more diamond in shape as well as at least 3 times larger in comparison. The second circular light shot off to the west while the first light stayed behind. The diamond light got dim and vanished only to appear half a second later in a different spot a short distance away. It repeated this (teleporting) making a triangle back to it original spot. I was thinking this was amazing and was trying to figure out, running through known human made things it could be, if it was possible it could be one. I took my hand acting as if it were a plane and tried repeat the maneuver it did when it acended, flipped upside down, and made a right angle allowing for the ways planes actually work with wind but it didn't work in conventional ways, proving to me it must be something else. I was thinking in my head how I wish it would get closer and almost as if it knew what I was thinking it started coming closer. I was amazed as I watched it fly closer towards my house and then it started blinking. Thoughts ran through my head of "what if it really did make its way too me? What would I do? Is it piloted by someone/ something good or bad?" it then stopped and hovered briefly and the appeared to teleport back close to where it was before it headed towards me (it was
Still high up ). It then started to fly in a circle. It did that about 4 or 5 times then stopped, hovering for a few seconds before it started "teleporting" in a square. It did that for about 1 minute before it flew in the circle again. It repeated the circle, square, circle pattern several more times before it stopped. It starting blinking randomly and flew forward as if it was coming back towards be but stopped and "teleported"
Back to its spot it was at once again. It did this 3 times and then stopped blinking. It got brighter for a few seconds or so before it repeated the circle, square patter again. I thought maybe they or it was up there watching the meteor shower as this whole time there were random meteors shooting in the sky for a bit. This was all about 76-80 degrees up from where I was looking traveling up and down, closer and then back. Before I knew it it was about 15-20 mins I was out there watching this. I decided to run inside real quick hoping it would still be there when I got back. I ran inside grabbed some binoculars and a digital camcorder, but when I came back it was gone. I was only inside a minute at most. I waited a few more mins watched a few shooting stars and went back inside taking note of the time 3:21am. It was a very cool site, something I have never seen before. I stayed up for 2 more hours going back outside to see if it would come back but it never did. I had check to see if it was the ISS but it was not nor was it a satillite. I laid in bed thinking that maybe it had been spotted earlier and that is why there was so much air traffic when I went outside earlier, and why there could have been a helicopter patrolling the air above a Home Land Security building.
