{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54180","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5504709.json","updb_database_id":5504709}
An unidentified craft hovering over a bridge on a major highway

Driving back to my home along the Pacific Highway at approximately 4oclock in the morning. I firstly noticed a bright red light up ahead but obscured by trees.I believed I was going to pass an ambulance or fire truck as I rounded an s bend before I headed over the bridge and up the hill. AS I straightend my car I observed a very large cone shaped object ahead hovering over the bridge. To my utter disbelief at what I was witnessing I couldn't make a rational decision as to what I should do.I didn't want to drive under it, I knew I couldn't stop as I was on a major highway and there was no where to pull over.In this brief moment of indecision the craft just seemed to disappear. I got the impression that it went West. I never saw the red light again that first alerted me that there was something up ahead. A local radio station had been contacted regarding this incident, there were 2 farms within view of the bridge. I didn't contact the station as I had no proof of what I had seen.Listening to the radio station over the coming day's they related over the radio the story they had envisioned what we saw.They claimed what we encountered was a truck coming down the hill sending off static electricity, this is totally incorrect as I never passed a truck or any other vehicle on the road. The next explanation was that it could of been a hologram. This is quite impossible as it was on a bend and nowhere a hologram could be set up. I related my story to close friend who lives close to the sighting. She lives on a property and claimed to of seen the craft on several occasions. I told her I never saw the red light again and to my astonishment she told me that the red light I first noticed is the back of the craft. She said it was like an exhaust system. There is no doubt in my mind that what I saw on the night was a space craft.
