{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-02 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5474709.json","updb_database_id":5474709}
{dr}Saw lights on a large craft, followed by several military jets and helicopters

I live in a midsized house in a rural area in Idaho, between Boise and Idaho City, just a few miles from the Boise National Forest. I was downstairs microwaving leftovers, and when I began to walk up the stairs to my room, the house began to kind of shake, almost vibrating. When I got upstairs there was an extremely loud sort of humming sound that seemed to pulsate, getting louder and quiter, but still gradually getting overall louder. I entered the upstairs living room and my girlfriend, who seemed very anxious, ask "do you hear that?!". I set my food on the table and looked out the curtains of the bedroom to the road, but saw nothing (the windows were pointing to the north and northeast.) So I headed over to the bathroom window, which points south (I figured that since the sound was seemingly coming from all around, it could be coming from any direction.) I looked at the road to the south and still saw nothing, so I opened the window. When I opened the window I could easily hear the sound of a large fighter jet. I looked up and saw the jet moving quickly in a northeastern direction. I wondered if the jet was following whatever was making the sound, so I went back to the bedroom to look out the northeast window again, this time to the sky instead of the road. I saw several lights in the sky, that appeared to be coming from a single craft. I couldn't make out much of a shape or color, and it was far away, but I could tell it was all one solid craft because it was blocking out the stars, and the moon is very bright tonight so I could see a shadow. It was enormous. I have been studying ufology for 15 years, and have seen UFOs before, but never anything this large. It had to be at least a quarter mile to a half mile across. The lights were in a diagonal line, and flashed different colors, mostly blueish and yellow, and they flashed in sequential order, the top one blinked, then the 2nd most top light, and so on. It was headed towards the mountains to the north and descending. I tried to take video with my phone, but could not pick up anything but darkness. I called my girlfriend into the room and simply pointed in the direction, givening no indication as to what I was pointing at. She quickly yelled "What IS that?! It's huge!" As it descended beyond the mountains and out of our field of vision the humming slowly stopped. We then saw the jet following in the exact same path. After that we heard many more jets and helicopters following it. It's been about an hour and a half now, and I can still hear jets go by every few minutes.
