{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-02 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283709","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3673,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/709/mufon-5283709.json","updb_database_id":5283709}
a silent object, about 15 by 20 feet, made up of 12 pulsating blue lights, 500-1000 ft above me

As walked to my driveway from my mailbox in Morgan Hill, I observed four super bright dark green lights in a row hovering near Hwy 101 about two miles away and at most 500-1000 ft in altitude. As I watched, a Piper Cub airplane flew in front of the mystery lights for a landing at San Martin airport, about three miles south. (It was about the same size as the UFO, but its lights were totally different and much, much dimmer and smaller, and they were flashing, not pulsing. And I could see the aircraft itself as well as its wing and landing lights. And I could hear it.) 
After a few minutes of hovering, the green lights began to pulse, on for two seconds, then fading to off. I could see a dull red glow that remained inside the ports whenever the green blinked off. I moved to behind a tree to gauge if the lights were moving, and immediately they began to come straight at me. As it moved closer, the lights either changed or I now saw its bottom instead of its side--not sure. Now the pulsating lights were a bright, deep sky blue. (The sky itself was black, with only the planets shining. No moon yet. Sunset was about an hour earlier.)
It flew in a straight line right over me. I could see 12 round ports, each about 3 ft across, and spaced about 1 ft apart. They looked much like the round metal exhaust ports on a rocket, but with a very bright blue pulse inside that faded to the dull red background, all in unison. Each pulse would be so bright that the ports could not be seen, only on the fade could I see them. The ports were arranged in an arrowhead shape, first row with 2 ports, second row had 3, third row had 4, and the last row had 3 ports, all in a horizontal config. I could NOT see any craft, or surface, or skin, or motors, or wires, nor did it make any sound at all. I could only see the port edges. It was likely only 500-1000 feet above me. The distant piper cub made a loud noise, but not the UFO. I could hear cars going by, but the craft was totally silent. I do not believe that drones or balloons could even remotely be the explanation. 
As it floated away, I took out my cell phone and took one photo, at which point it did a 90 degree left turn south, still showing me the blue lights, and accelerated to airplane speed as it flew off and out of sight. I felt that it had reacted to me, and/or saw me, which I found unnerving. 
My neighbor, a college professor, also witnessed the green lights hovering. I am just over 65, but in excellent health with no medications, nor do I need glasses to drive, nor do I have any hearing issues at all. 
For 30 years I have lived near three major Bay Area international airports and one small airport and see planes constantly in the sky, both large and small. This was a silent, unknown aircraft the size of a piper cub, or larger. Its lights were quite puzzling. I still cannot explain it. A true UFO.
