{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5506087.json","updb_database_id":5506087}
{rjl} Set of bright white lights in a fixed position on a slant to the horizon

My wife noticed a set of very bright lights out one of the bedroom windows. It was around 2100hrs ET. She called me to come over and look. I observed the object and determined it was not a star. It was in the southeast sky about 60 degrees above the horizon from our perspective. There seemed to be multiple lights all in a straight line (on a diagonal to the horizon). I got my binoculars but could not hold them steady on the object for a definitive observation. I then went for my Meade Telescope ( which I use for stargazing) and focused on the object. I confirmed that there were a set or 4 very white, very bright lights. Again they were on a slant to the horizon and holding steady. I could not make out any other physical shape. The object remained motionless throughout the entire observation. We did notice small objects ejected from the craft in the form of red lights. They went to earth but we did not see them land as they were behind some trees ... perhaps a mile away(to the east). We did not observe them heading back to the object in the sky. There was a small plane in the area heading to the southwest,but it soon passed and was observed no more. When we first observed the object the sky was perfectly clear. Light cloud cover did obscure the object on occasion as we continued to observe, but it kept reappearing as the cloud cover diminished. It was in the same place as before. We observed for about 1.5 hours and then the object was fully obscured by cloud cover. I want to note that before focusing on the object, I trained my telescope on Jupiter and clearly observed the planet and 4 of its moons. The planet was glowing (like our moon) and definitely not a bright white light. I then swung the telescope over the object and began my observation. It was no star.
