{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46243","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3182,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5512087.json","updb_database_id":5512087}
A star that changes color and low in the sky, in the form of a blanket bright red and pale orange flight pattern.

On Monday March 11, 2013 at 12 pm while in the center of the city of Colima, Mexico. Waiting twelve and I would see a religious ceremony called the site of Jericho. I went out to the garden to see the stars at the sky and saw a star sticking intense of all, he had not seen before, was to the north, I think that was at the height of Colima volcano, seen from the center of the city, where I was, but a lot of height, as a star, caught my attention, then this started flashing from white to red as a pulse, and was a few moments, that intrigued me and then suddenly start a tour of this to west, and low intensity, do not take the view that the lose of view out my camera phone and try to take a picture, as it was not a plane (I am a private pilot and I know a plane), in then stopped when he took the photo, and returned, with the same flight pattern, then change to be a point of flashing red and white, a pale orange spot but very intense (as if a light internal and Cantoya balloon but could not be, I know them and there was no wind, and I could not move at that speed and height) and floated like a handkerchief in the air shapeless, like a jellyfish, it was like a sheet that could be shaped as rhombus lying (the fixed center and sides flapping), but had a flight pattern desendente from west to east, continued to decline, and suddenly turned to where I was, because I am Catholic persine, not afraid , but was surprised at what he saw, no one was with me, try to take a picture that was just 50 meters down before me, behind the church of the Sacred Heart, where the house of the nuns, how amazing when I get to where I was going, its flight pattern changed again, now endlessly broken into a vertical position and fell, had no definite shape, but it was like a diamond, it was like a handkerchief hanging like a jellyfish moves in the sea , made no noise, no nothing perceived, the center was fixed and fluttering around like a reddish orange color but pale, as if unwilling to give out much light, but a very strong inner light, until I lost it behind of houses in the fall. I went to look for him but I did not see it. I really do not believe in extraterrestrial life, or spirit, believe in God. But I saw something I can not understand and I want to comment with you to know if anyone else has seen it, or something similar happened. I should be grateful for what you publish is what I saw. Thank you very much. Please want to be anonymous, but can give my email. Thank you.
