{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5500087.json","updb_database_id":5500087}
not ufo related, but beings other than normal

I can put you within 1500 feet or so of an underground tunnel that goes under highway 44...u would need a ground penetrating radar device that can pin point the underground tunnel and its size will exceed 3 car lengths wide and is as tall as a large truck as I did see a tractor trailer go underground at that location. It is less than 20 feet deep if standing in the ditch.
I did witness a flag girl at this highway construction site while driving part of my crew from westlock alberta to the international airport at edmonton, alberta. I was flag stopped at a point within 20 feet of the flag girl to the left of of the highway....traffic was routed off the highway down into a hollow ditch as the the tunnel intersected at/under the highway and a temporary road ran off the highway into the tunnel. The immediate work area was surrounded on three sides by high mounds of clay. I was able to eyeball the inner work area through a crack in the fence beside the flag girl. The flag girl held a long stationary smile that never wavered, her eyes were black orbs. The flag girl stared at me constant while waving us ahead...the one thing that I remember I had 4 employees in the truck, all hindus; they all sat there in their seats with eyes staring straight ahead, never blinked, never moved their heads, just sat there; I was talking to them while I was looking around inside the work area (it never dawned on me that they were in a trance of some sort)nobody said anything back. I did see a person walk from a point behind the flag girl down into the tunnel with some sort of a clip under their arm; I did see a tractor trailer (gravel box type)travel from a point 1/2 mile away all the way into the work area and go down into the tunnel. I left the work area and continued on towards the airport and to add to that experience, I had moved my crew from that location (Westlock) to Topley BC a week later. When I checked into my cabin and got settled in...I turned my laptop on and it shut the TV off several times; I thought nothing of it until years later; I should have added this next piece of info to the beginning...
I was a gang foreman with CN Rail at the time I worked in Westlock Alberta. I would drive edmonton to westlock every 14 days as I worked a 10 and 4 cycle. I would drive edmonton to westlock by way of highway 44. 
My first encounter with an unusal sight happened during one of my trips to westlock around 5 in the afternoon; I was northbound roughly 20 minutes on hi 44 when I saw an underground tunnel to my left as i was driving north and in the few seconds i had to stare at this site I could see what appeared to be human forms swinging picks and shovels. I never thought anything of it. On another occasion I was driving this same hiway again going north and I saw this same tunnel, but with cars parked in it (cars were parked both sides backs to the wall and there was room enough for a vehicle to drive down the center; there were dim lights on the walls. Again never thought anything of it. After that I never saw the tunnel again until the above mentioned experience under the highway. The only other strange thing I saw on one of my trips was an old farm house (in the area where I saw the tunnel) that used to have pens for whatever (cattle etc. I did remember seeing animals there)this old farm yard and pens were converted to some sort of dirt beds, but the color of the dirt beds did not jive with earthy tones they were strange colors...
