{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-10-31 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5525087.json","updb_database_id":5525087}
Thought at 1st it was a low jet, then noticed spaces between parts, then thought geese, but no flapping

Never heard of MUFON, wish I did at the time. I've always wondered ever since what I witnessed. I'm sure this happened too long ago for someone else to collaborate, but I'd sure like to know if anyone else ever saw anything like this, since I've never heard of an occurance of this type. Here's what happened at least 15 years ago. For sure, it was the night before Halloween - so it was October 31st. I had an astronomy book and was going from inside to read the sky position on my skychart, to outside in the dark to see if I could find the galaxy Andramada with my 20 power binoculars. (Too powerful in this case.) It was somewhere around 8 pm to 10 pm. The sky was very clear. I was facing East/North East holding my binoculars. I noticed movement to my right. I looked over to my right to see what I at first thought was a jet, not oncommon around Selfridge airforce base, but uncommon in the direction it was going which was almost exactly from West to east. But there were no lights on it at all. It was dull grey. The size would have been correct for the jets we usually see going in a different direction to Selfridge before landing. Then I noticed that there was no noise for what appeared to be a big jet. So looking more closely, I was surprised that I could see spaces between 5 objects, possibly egg or oval shaped in a V formation. Then my first thought was I was watching canada geese, which I quickly found out was incorrect - because there was no flapping or wing movement which I would have seen from the size of the objects. The movement was absolutely smooth and quiet. At the same time, I was shocked to see some reflections going past the underside of these dark objects. Now I'm excited because this is something totally unknown to my senses. I'm holding 20 power binoculars in my hand, and the objects are now over the lake and getting darker since there are no lights over the lake. (If you've ever had 20 power binoculars, you know that you are looking into a very narrow field of view. If I want to see a jet airliner in the sky without a contrail, it's close to impossible to hone in on it with hand held 20 power binocs, if you can, it will take a lot of time, and holding still is impossible.) So I remember thinking to myself, they're going out of sight soon, I have to either keep looking with my eyes, or try to get lucky with the binocs. With the binocs, I would see exactly what at least one of them was. I went for it, lifting the binoculars frantically trying to find waht was up there - to no avail! I took a chance, and lost. They were out of sight, over the lake. This whole scenario took probably less than 20 seconds. The next day, I thought of calling the radar station at the Detroit airport, but decided not to. I figured from what I have heard, Selfridge wouldn't report anything anyways. I'm sure this is a usless bit of info here, but if you do have time, let me know if anyone else has ever reporte anything remotely like this.  Thanks for your time.
