{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5495087.json","updb_database_id":5495087}
Bright circle'Orb' flying very slow and very low - Portugal (Faro) - 15/09/2014

Sorry for any mistakes in the content, as english is not my first language.

This was my very first sighting of any kind. I had experienced some weird situations or events in the 

past but in terms of seeing anything unsual or weird outdoors, this is was the first time.

I saw an orb of brigh light in the air outdoors (but not in the sky or closer to it) at the end of San 

Luis street in the city of Faro, Algarve, Portugal. It was on a monday, 15th September of 2014 at 8:30 

pm from this coordinates (37.024195, -7.923251). I saw it flying around 10/11 meters in hight from the 

ground and it was like 20/30 meters away from me in distance. It just crossed the street i was walkin 

in, from the right to the left, in a perfect horinzontal straigh line trajetory or path (about like 5 

meters) at a very slow velocity (around 10km/h), like the velocity of a bike going slow. It was just 

seen for a few seconds, 3 to maybe 5 and of a sudden it was gone, not leaving any trail. I did't see it 

shrink, it just went out of my sight of sudden, just like when someone turn off the light in a room. 

You dont see it shrink or the light bulb going away, it just simply goes out of sight. That's what 

happen, just after when i saw just for a few seconds. The 'orb' was a circle of light perfectly round 

with about 5, 6 cm in diameter (without any kind of sparks around it), it had a brigh white light very 

intense, of just one color, and didn't leave any trail.

In Faro city, it wasnt dark already. It was that dark blue just before it goes black so i could still 

see the buildings, houses and the sky perfectly. I was walking on the street on my way home (i dont do 

it very often, just from time to time, i go for a walk to some place and then return home) and usually 

i walk lookin down to see where i step in, and of a sudden something made me to look and raise my head, 

not to the front, but up because i realised that something bright was flying just a few meters away 

from me. It was an automatic and instinctive behavior. The street where it happens has houses (1st 

floor) of both sides and whatever that crossed that night it just passed over just a few meters in 

hight above the roofs/balconys of the houses. There was nobody else in street and there was no cars 

driving by either on that moment.

I confessed that i never whitness anything like it, but right in the moment we think that it is 

somthing caused by our eyes or our tired head. But truth is, i saw it and follow its movement for 

around seconds and of a suden it was gone. It wasnt any kind of flying entertainment instrument/toy 

that i would have known of. And i discard aswell any kind of soap bubble lightened by the streets 

lamps. By the informations of the distances and hights already mentioned, the chance of being any kind 

of plane, helicopter, satelite, chinese flahslight, led ballon, laser, meteorite or star is definetly 

out of question in my mind. There was no possibility of recording due to its brief appearance.

I can reveal that for my own experience that during the sighting and in a fraction of seconds, the mind 

tries incessantly for an answer for whatever the eye is seeing but after exclusion after exclusion (is 

not a ballon, not a bug, not a toy, not a lantern, not a laser, etc), when the phenomen just stops, the 

mind become even further and more perplexed than when it just faced with the problem. Simply because, 

all plausible assumptions (that the mind got in its database) were simply set aside. The mind couldn't 

coincide or make sense, whatever it was, with absolutly anything that i have seen live or making part 

of our known and 'apparent' world or physical reality.

Right after the sighting, i tried to memorize in my mind the 'visual image' of what i just whitnessed 

and being just 2 minutes away from home walkin, i was already thinkin what kind of device or phenomenon 

could resemble such thing, in order to search on internet when i get home. Just before thinkin of a 

paranormal possibility, i though first to certify if there was actually nowdays any kind of toy or 

'drone' ressembling what i saw. Of course that my eyes, knew what they saw and perfectly knew that it 

was not toy but my rational mind wanted by all means to find an explanation for it. Cause one thing is 

to see those whitish circles in pics (those typical called 'orb's of dust that show on photographs), 

another is to whitness with your own eyes a circle of light passing just through your eyes not too far 

away. I knew it would be probably very dificult of find something similar in video on internet, cause i 

had the true belief that that thing wasnt a device/toy.

Although i was unable to capture it on video, to my big surprise when i arrived home, i simply digited 

on my pc 'Bright orb' and on a video search, i could found exactly what i was lookin for, exactly what 

i saw. I couldnt believe my eyes. After all, that circle of light outdoors minutes ago, wasnt a product 

of my mind, it wasny my eyes playing tricks on me. If this thing is captured on video, therefore it 

wasnt an alucination i just had. Whatever it was, it happened and i saw it. Gezzz, iam not crazy. (I 

thought, ;)

Its important to say that i never across or saw in my entire life these type of light orbs in any 

videos. For sure ive seen UFO docs through the years on tv but never came across to these type of light 

balls in any videos. Ufos to me were synonymous of 'flying metal machines', those flying saucer crafts 

drive by those little aliens creatures so usually portrayed in such docs or movies. These type of 

'light orb' thing i never saw it on tv or any media, it it was the case, i would for sure would have it 

recognise in the first place in street. It was simpy the most weird thing ever i just saw in my entire 

life. It was just for a few seconds but it made me very interested to find out what on earth was that.

I'll leave though some links found on internet that shows in a very accurately way, what i just 

whitness in Faro (city), but in Faro it was seen with a much lower altitude than what its shown in the 

videos.

I confessed that when i first saw it, i really though it was something psychic or illusory (cause i 

just came from hospital that night from a visit and my mind could be, who knows, a bit tired). But 

could my eyes created all of that? Fact is, that later as i mentioned, i searched for it on internet 

and i find and see the same 'orbs' in videos already taped by other people and realise that this is 

apparently a phenomenon that is already happening at a worldwide level for so many years already.

Whether or not these videos are real, all i can say is that they're truly similar to what i saw, and as 

i mentioned, i didn't have any knowledge about the balls of light in video whatsoever, and specially in 

such particular and unsual way, just right in the middle of the street or sky. Ive never experienced so 

far nothing of the genus, so iam still considering to which point this phenomenon is real or common 

either in Portugal or in any other places of the world. And iam not talking about a tiny luminous dot 

flying above my head just like a plane or something similar.

A circle of light with 5/6cm in diameter (size of a tenis ball) just crossed and appeared in front of 

me at 10 meters hight (about the size of an apartment with 3,4 floors cause thats what mine has), just 

a few meters away from me in the middle of the street, without making any sound. It didnt look 

spherical, it didnt had an spherical format, it look like a plane circle, because it was only from one 

tone of light, without any shadows, therefor without any tridimensional appearance. But it was a tone 

of light so strong that i dont remember seeing anything like it, and as strange and weird as it seems, 

it was perfectly definite. I could only compare the intensity of light to the scoocer/football stadium 

lights, but if you try to look at them, we can barely look at, cause we get to see all the reflections 

and sparks shoting in all directions. It wasnt the case with the orb. Though it was very very bright, i 

could stare at it for a millions years if it let me, it didnt hurt or blinded my eyes as a car's light 

would, though the light of the 'orb' was very very powerful.

Personaly i dont have a big belief of the existence of extraterrestial lifes/beings similar to ours, in 

which some kind of other humanoids races come to visit us or to spy us but after what i jsut saw, i 

dont discard the possibility of the existence of another type of existences or energeitc 

entities/organisms to which we are not awake for or have knowledge.

These are some videos i found (not mine), note that the light color shown on the videos is nothing like 

in real life. The 'orb' is like 100X brighter than it shows on video:

11 Italy - At minute '40:18' (the one flying behind the trees): - 
[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

21 - [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

I'll leave aswell a pic from google maps poiting the place of my sighting:

Best regards
