{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-11 00:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3304,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5291087.json","updb_database_id":5291087}
Magnificent pulsating lights orbs

At approximately midnight on November 11,2020 I stepped out my door to have a cigarette before I went to bed. I live in the country. When I got outside to the south of me was a brilliant pulsating extremely bright white light. The light remained stationary but was pulsing an incredible light that lit up the entire sky every two seconds. I have never seen such a bright light and it literally lit up the entire sky. As I stood watching mesmerized I noticed cars driving down the road across from the field behind my house. A line of cars The roads were icy that night and I very rarely see vehicles on that road and by now it’s 12:15 AM. I continued watching the lights and the cars drove down the road in fairy precise fashion slowly. They then turned onto a cross-section road backed up and pointed their cars to the south approximately two car links from each other all the way down the road. At this point I called my friend who lived in the direction where I was seeing the lights lights pulsating. I asked her to go outside to tell me what she saw. She said oh my God I’ve never seen anything what is that? Then she said there’s cars lined as far as I can see down County Road nine. There’s cars as far as I can see from my road into Dodge Center. County Road nine between her house and my house is 5 miles so she is seeing the cars on one end of County Road nine and I am seeing them on the other end. We stayed on the phone with each other and talked through it until approximately 1:00 AM. Both of us were too scared to go and see what was happening. I stayed up until 230 and the pulsating huge white light continued without interruption the entire time. I finally went to bed. I took three short videos just to get proof of the brightness of the lights that I was seeing However when I looked briefly At my video it showed none of the light; just blackness. The following day I reviewed the video in detail and was shocked at what I saw. I will post the videos. What you see on the videos is not what I saw with the naked eye I was simply trying to get video proof of the bright flashing lights which you will see do not appear on the video. What does appear on the video is orbs darting around flashIn lights. I made a report to the Dodge County Sheriff on 11-13-2020
