{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-07 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69513","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5490087.json","updb_database_id":5490087}
{rjl} spotted two ufo's in the night sky that were coming from the East and slowly heading toward the west,

My two daughter and I just got back home from my mothers house that Friday night August 7th at approximately 9:20pm. Before pulling into our driveway, my 10 year old asked me what that bright orange light in the sky was. I replied that I didn't know, wait until we park and I'll check it out. After parking in our driveway, my daughters and I immediately saw this light or orb slowly moving across the sky from the east and heading west with a slight flickering. My first thought was it was a lantern, but it was moving to fast and consistent to be a lantern. My seven year old lost interest but my 10 year old and I continued to watch this object moving slowly across the sky without making any sound. Once in the western sky the object completely vanished. The western sky wasn't completely dark yet, and this object seem to disappear from a bright light to nothing at all. I was able to take a picture of this object or light with my phone when it was over our heads. After disappearing we went into the house to tell my wife about it. Her reply was it was probably a lantern. My 10 year old and I continued to watch the sky for the next 15 minutes to a half an hour before seeing another light moving across the sky from the east. My daughter immediately told my wife and she came out to witness it for herself. The four of us watched this light slowly moving across the sky heading west and then changing direction to the northwestern sky. Instead of vanishing like the first on did, the second one just kind of faded into the sky. 
 This is the first time ever witnessing anything like this, and honestly it made me feel a bit frightened after seeing them.
