{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-12 19:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5458087.json","updb_database_id":5458087}
Object was spotted during an evening walk

I was walking in the evening before seven o’clock in a field at that gives great views over all of Somerset. I was out hoping to film a murder of crows that I’d watched the evening before. Which circled and created a lovely sight before they all grouped together to roost for the night in the woods next to the field.

From this vantage point I had my back towards Wells Cathedral and the views over most of Somerset including Glastonbury Tor towards the left.
The crows arrived but it wasn’t what I’d hope to catch. So I turned around looking towards the beautiful evening view - and took that in.

It was then that I noticed a circular/orb object sat in the sky. It was inline with the far right tower of the cathedral and also a large hill beyond which forms quite a distinctive landmark.
I watched waiting for it to move - it didn’t! Logic said maybe it’s a far off air ballon - there wasn’t any breeze so I thought maybe and decided to wait a little longer to see if this might be the case with it moving. It still didn’t so I photographed the object and even filmed the scene that I saw before me. During this time there was still no movement. 

I descended the hill from where I first saw it and continued to photograph the object as I walked towards it - hoping to capture it with time and date and maybe closer shots - as I was my iPad. Keeping my eye on it and photographing as I walked towards home down my road which backs onto the field where I was - I took a series of images.

To my disappointment and astonishment - the object only appears in the very first photograph - clearly. It seems to also be in a later image but I’m not able to blow up the said photograph to absolutely say without doubt that it was the first one that I’d spotted. I didn’t imagine that it was still there whilst photographing during my short walk home. 

I’ve enclosed/attached some images and film and hope that they may provide some interest and maybe an answer might be found. 
Please note that there’s a real,y short time between the first photos and film - so I’m very curious as to why it doesn’t show - if it had of been an air ballon then it would have still showed up?

Thank you,

Ian
