{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-19 20:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285087","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3627,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/087/mufon-5285087.json","updb_database_id":5285087}
Was on my balcony and saw a flying machine with a kind of coulorful magnetic plasma under it passing right above me

I was on my balcony reading on my cellphone when a shiny and relatively big white light came from my left in the sky and caught my attention.

I just saw from the corner of the eye that it was glowing white on top, gas-like glowing patterns and colors changing very fast under it and since i always got quick reactions, i jumped on the camera of my cellphone to shot it in 4k hdr 30 ips. Sadly, i didn’t think to change it to 60 ips... 

I was absorbed in my screen to be able to get the clearest images from it and didn’t try to look from my own eyes (don’t know why), i was just filming. It flew right above me. Had to film with my butt on the ramp of the balcony to get the shot. I look to slowing down when it’s above me but i didn’t record steady enough to be shure. 

During filming, there’re were a couple walking and watching the show and the guy told his girlfriend that i was filming it. They didnt stay, didn’t spoke tonme either (They may not believed what was happening or just baffled probably).

The recording have some underexposition noises, but we still can see some details of the patterns. I took screenshots cleaning and zooming, we see things don’t see without it.

It look like to emanate a kind of magnetic field (waves) witch is look like changing frequencies, by the fact, the colors and patterns. I heard one noise sounding like a spark and the rest i’m not shure cause of the city noises, but it may had a light and irregular rumbling sound emanate from it. 

I posted the video and some of zoomed and enhanced stills i took from the video.

I didn’t done all the film, it’s too much to do it in one shot.
