{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-07 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522792","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5067,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/792/mufon-5522792.json","updb_database_id":5522792}
Star like steady white lights seen pre dawn every night

Every evening, for approximately 1 1/4 hours in the pre dawn hours before sunrise (approximately 5:00a.m. - 6:15a.m., now with daylight savings 4:00a.m. - 5:15a.m) my entire family and I have seen on average of 6 to 12 objects that each tell its own story. But they all have one thing in common, that they look like a star that is moving in the sky. Occasionally, they stop, and restart. Another will change direction. Another will appear out of nowhere, wobble along a path until it eventually fades out, where yet another will shoot off. I am so absolutely 100% positive that they occur every night that I am able to get a clear view. My interest and reason why I go outside each night is because I know in my heart they are abnormal objects. I have read that official airplanes, helicopters, will flash by FAA regulation. I invite any person from your organization to witness them here any time you would like. I will be going out this evening, as it is relatively clear. My greatest frustration is that I have no way of photographing this objects. An odd detail is that whenever I think I have seen the last one of the evening and am heading inside, I take another look up, and there it goes over me...so I stay and watch it, and sit down waiting for more. When I am about to call it quits again, yes, it is weird, but there another one goes. This happened last evening, where at first my eyes adjusted to just one, they are usually single, but this time there were two, not far in distance (1/2 inch) is the only measurement as I cannot judge how far away they are...and they were traveling straight, one ahead of the other at the same rate of speed, and same brightness, like a dull star. At first I thought one disappeared, so I watched the remaining one. Several moments later, I saw it approaching a faint star, or what I thought was a star. It was not a star, as it rejoined the other object and they traveled together again. I am so convinced that these objects are not a plane, or satellite, that I wish I had the equipment to record them. I do have a telescope, but it is impossible to track one of these through the telescope...I know, and have given up on trying, as you cannot lock into the objects as they move too fast. One more odd thing occurred the other night. As inappropriate as it may seem, after a very quiet evening of stargazing, and after seeing the first "traveling star" for the evening, I did not want to go inside to use the bathroom, so I went outside. I suddenly felt very uncomfortable, creeped out, when I heard a crash into my neighbors trees, maybe 150 feet away. Then I heard something run through a small wooded section of my front yard towards me, about 75 feet away. I radioed my son, who came to the door. He suggested that I come inside, (I believe he is starting to worry about my health as I am so troubled by what they could be my sleep has been thrown off a tad). Being too interested and excited about these objects, I stayed outside and decided to walk towards it. As I did, I made noise and stomped my feet. I heard the rustling of leaves running away from me into my neighbors yard. I wasn't going to follow it into the dark. When I started to return to my yard, half way across my yard I stopped, and heard the rustling coming closer to me again. I am not sure if this is just a coincidence, as I do have wild turkey and deer where I live, so I cannot be sure. I just felt that the timing was off, as while going to the bathroom outside I felt very vulnerable and uncomfortable, as if I were being watched. I admit it could be just my imagination, and a fat turkey made a landing, and then ran through the woods, I will never know. I do not think, however, that normal turkey or deer behavior was exhibited, as they usually stay away after you shoo them away...they do not come back towards you, then disappear without hearing noise of their departure. For, after I tried to frighten whatever was making the noise away, I heard nothing after that but some falling leaves. I continued to observe shooting stars, and then these other objects I report to you, which are definitely not the same as the shooting stars we also see. Thank you, and please feel free to inquire as I am more than happy to share this with people who are more knowledgeable on the subject, with the hopes that you may know what we are seeing.  (Names moved to FI Box) cms 11/08/11 23:11 cdt flg
