{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-05 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499792","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/792/mufon-5499792.json","updb_database_id":5499792}
{jd} On the night of 7/5/14 we observed what seems to have been a UFO.

My friend and I were sitting on her deck drinking coffee. She said, "Look!" I looked up in time to see a rectangular shaped object with lights circling around it, changing colors. We kept saying, "What is that?" It briefly went totally dark and then reappeared moving toward her property. Her house is situated at an elevation of 1,053 feet above sea level according to my phone. There is a VERY STEEP drop off at the edge of her lawn which is heavily wooded all the way down the mountain. These objects were high above the trees which are very tall. As the large object moved closer and closer to us a small semi-circular shaped object was see below the larger object. I grabbed my cell phone and began taking photos of what we were seeing. It came close enough to her lawn to reflect light onto the grass. Then the semi-circular shaped object straightened itself out, as is seen in the photo, and flew at a speed I've never seen anything move with out of our sight behind trees. It did not return that we saw. The large object began getting very bright with almost fiery looking lights shooting out of the ring where the multi-colored lights were first observed. We watched it for what seemed like a short period of time but we later realized we had been out there watching for about an hour and a half. I have no direct memory of the object leaving or blinking out but it was just gone. I began to take photos all around in hopes of finding where it went. That's when I got the very poor photo of what seems to be two little creatures. Also, strangely enough another glowing light appeared deep down in the woods.  It would brighten when we talked to it and dim and then brighten again on request. My camera never recorded a photo of this object although I snapped them repeatedly. My friend said once during watching the object she was going to get a flashlight and go out there and look more closely. I strongly encouraged her not to do that. I felt that we were fine on the deck where we were but didn't need to be out there any closer. We were unnaturally calm afterward and even talked about how we just sauntered back inside the house and went to bed - too calm if you ask me. Odd.
