{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-04-26 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287792","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/792/mufon-5287792.json","updb_database_id":5287792}
I encountered two Entities 19 years ago in my backyard April 26, 2002 @ approx between 3:00 am

I am so relieved to finally have the courage to speak up regardless if my voice shakes. 
God, THe Good Bible and Universal consciousness my witness:
On April 26, 2002 @ approximately 3:00 am 
I was awoken up by my 8 month old daughter crying in middle of the night, as per her usual feeding time. 
I got up, walked to the kitchen and opened up the refrigerator and pulled out my baby’s milk bottle, filled a sauce pan with water to warm up on the stove... placed the bottle in, turned on the stove then took a couple of steps to the kitchen window... I was admiring the silhouettes of all the oak trees...it was a very bright full moon, remembering vividly how lit up everything was ... I was looking over to the right side of the backyard... slowly capturing all the details... then finally looking to the left is when I saw, encountered two Entity Beings, one slightly shorter than the other, shiny shiny light grey.. big dark eyes, big cranium, two holes for a nose and a slit mouth...very long neck, narrow thin shoulders, at me through the window... instantly, abruptly scared shitless ( pardon my swearing but I am nearly shaking as I type this!) I became frozen with fear at what my eyes were seen as vivid and real as my swing in the backyard... my face and ears became hot ... and I stood there pleading in my thoughts not to harm me or my family. I couldn’t move stricken with fear which maybe lasted 5 minutes? I then slowly got the ability to slowly walk back to my baby’s room, picked her up and walked to my room where my then husband (ex) was sleeping. I then tapped on his shoulder to wake him, after a couple of minutes he half woke up, I explained everything that happened... of course he asked if I was sure at what I witnessed, I exclaimed that I absolutely know what I witnessed with my own two eyes. My vision was perfect then.
I must make mention that years prior and after for many many years, I would have horrid nightmares that I kept wrestling entities. I did develop these two freckles or nevus’s in my both my retinas that I had surgically removed years later after the event.
