{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-15 20:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504792","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2625,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/792/mufon-5504792.json","updb_database_id":5504792}
{rjl} orange yellow light in flight path under clouds with other commercial jet aircraft in the area. After about 4 minutes went through low layer of clouds and was not seen again

My 12 year old son and myself arrived home in Palo Alto at about 8:23pm after a picking up fast food. As we backed in to our driveway I looked up and saw a light in the sky that looked to be in a similar flight path as normal commercial aircraft. But I instantly noticed that it emitted a very strange orange color and not the normal colors of the other aircraft in the vicinity. Also there was no strobe light or any of the other kinds of lights that I usually see on aircraft. 
I watched the object for a few seconds as it was traveling under the cloud cover and then I grabbed my pair of binoculars and observed what appeared to be a sphere being lighted from underneath by an orange slightly pulsating light. Being night time though it was hard to establish with any certainty the shape in addition to the fact that it went through the cloud cover. Though I watched for several more minutes I did not see it again. The flight path of the object was not much different than any other aircraft but it made no sound that neither my son or I could hear. When I looked at the other aircraft that were in the area at the same time, it was obvious that those were aircraft and we could hear the sound coming from all those aircraft.
Also, when we first spotted the craft it was approximately south and moved in a northerly direction. As it entered the cloud cover it was approximately east by north east. The time it took the object to move that distance made it seem to moving about the same speed as the commercial jets. It did not behave as a balloon would.
I am an amateur astronomer and also spent several years working on jet aircraft in the US Air Force. I have also seen many different balloons in the sky including hot air balloons. It was none of those. If the strange colored light had not caught my attention I probably would have ignored it.
