{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-05-23 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286792","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/792/mufon-5286792.json","updb_database_id":5286792}
Witnessed UFO at an altitude of 75 to 100 feet from ground and approximately 400 feet from my location

While seated with my wife at a patio table near a motel swimming pool on a warm and clear evening in Palm Springs I observed an airborne vehicle moving slowly in a southerly direction above the one and two story buildings on N. Palm Canyon Drive, one block east of our location. Initially, the horizontal distance between us and the UFO was no more than 400 feet and its elevation was approximately 75 to 100 feet above the ground.

The UFO was traveling no faster than someone casually riding a bicycle. I alerted my wife by pointing over her shoulder telling her to turn around and look upward just above the roof line. We then walked quickly to the front gate and stood in front of our motel where we now had a full unobstructed view of what turned out to be a dingy, gray colored and dimly illuminated discus shaped flying object.

We estimated the dimensions were 35 to 40 feet in diameter and 8 to10 feet high. There were no windows or port holes, no navigation lights or landing gear. The exterior of the UFO had a smooth surface with a slightly curved or convex top and bottom. There was no exhaust vapor trail and no engine/propulsion noise. It was eerily silent. The few street lights of the neighborhood provided what little lighting was needed to make it visible from the ground and the stars enabled us to see the curvature of the top.

We remained on the street and continued watching it fly south at the same altitude and speed for no more than two minutes before we lost sight of it. 

Neither of us felt threatened or in danger but this event was definitely discomforting and we rarely shared our story with friends and family until recently. It's unlikely, but someone else may have seen this UFO even at that early morning hour when there was no vehicle traffic or pedestrians on the street,
