{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-05 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454792","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3327,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/792/mufon-5454792.json","updb_database_id":5454792}
{jpg} Saw 6 star-like objects traveling across sky

When going through evening's preparations for night's work shift, had gone outside short distance in front of residence to check day's mail delivery, at 7:50 pm. While arriving at mailbox, casually glanced around at the night sky to check weather conditions and locate the familiar night objects in sky, such as moon, bright stars/planets, etc. Upon locating the usual bright star/planet in its expected location of approx. 30 degrees above horizon due west of my position at that time of evening, was surprised to initially see 2 lesser magnitude star-like objects already visible and in movement through area of sky seemingly very near the stationary brighter star/planet located. From my position and angle of observation, moving objects were first observed approx. 33-35 degrees above horizon, slightly above the brighter star/planet, seemed to be spaced by a moderately wide distance between each other, with one appearing to follow the same path as the other, and seemingly maintaining same separation distance from each other at a speed rate likened to noticeably faster than that of extreme altitude commercial aircraft. As continued to watch objects moving along on trajectory that seemed to head slightly towards northeast, began to notice total of 4 additional objects , each in turn separated by approx. 10 seconds, sort of quickly phase into visual notice near the bright star/planet, and take up position along the same trajectory path taken by the initial objects noticed. Each newly noticed object appeared to be traveling at same speed as initial objects, and seemed to phase in at points that appeared to establish almost equal distances separating each object, with only very minor variations in such separations noticed. Total of 6 objects noticed during observation period, observed for approx. 2 minutes, air temperatures at 36 degree F local, very light breeze out of southwest at time, with cloudless skies at time, and 3/4 moon almost overhead and slightly to south, southeast at time. At end of observation period, foremost of the traveling objects began to phase out of visual notice at a position to my northwest, with the following objects beginning to each in turn do likewise upon reaching the same location in sky. Being lightly dressed, night air chill forced me back inside residence, while about 3 of the objects were still visible. Don't know if related, but experienced very unusually-timed event as reaching for door to reenter residence, in the form of a sudden, small, flashing-explosion from a power-pole transformer in fairly close proximity to me, resulting in period of power outage in area, including cable, phone, and computer availability.
