{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-07 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5511108.json","updb_database_id":5511108}
{cak} 2 blinking red lights seemed about 1/4to1/2 mile apart then faded away. I observed nearly 3 minutes, but they were already there when I went outside.

Approximately between 10:00 and 10:30 p.m. last night, May 7, 2013, I was on the front porch of my house here in the Sunny Glen area of Alpine, TX, calling my cat into the house. My eyes were drawn to 2 blinking lights that seemed to be out toward 118 North. They were far apart but perfectly in line with each other and kept blinking red, not at the same time and not in any pattern that I could notice but like they were blinking at each other. They looked to be about 1/4 to 1/2 mile apart as far as I could tell from the tops of the trees and the neighbors roof. They were perfectly motionless for about 3 full minutes, just blinking red. No movement whatsoever. Then, they just faded away. Although I observed them for nearly 3 minutes, they may have been there longer. They were already there when I stepped outside. I will also add that there was no sound, but I attribute that to them being so far away (or so they seemed).

This morning I called our local municipal airport, Alpine-Casparis Municipal Airport (432)837-5929, to inquire about the lights, and asked about government drones. The man I spoke with confirmed that drones don't fly this far inland, that they usually fly along the border; however, he did state that what I probably saw were helicopters but they don't usually fly in pairs or in groups of more than one around here. He also confirmed that there was no air traffic, nothing flying in or out at that time. When speaking of the drones that are being proposed for our area, I asked if they were already here. He said, "No," and that he hopes they don't come here, he didn't want them here. So, I have been left baffled. 

When I first saw these lights, I immediately dropped the broom I was holding, turned off my porch light and stared stunned. We live in a dark sky community and I know what airplanes look like at night. This was something I had never seen before and could not take my eyes off of them. My heart began beating quickly and it just left me kind of numb and in deep thought the rest of the night. Ive also had a headache (even as I type this), ever since coming back into the house last night. 2 Tylenol and 1 Advil have not helped.

I do live near the airport and I am the wife of a border patrol agent, therefore, Im very familiar with conventional aircraft and border patrol helicopters. Again, what I saw reminded me of none of that. So, in essence, I have no idea what I saw last night. 

I also want to add, that I have a friend who saw a very similar event about 2 weeks ago. She observed red blinking lights hovering near her property (8 miles south of Alpine on 118 South). She said, "...with three white lights and one red in the middle. They were in a triangle. It hovered, then there were two." She stated that it frightened her and her young daughter, who immediately wanted to go back into the house. Shes convinced they were government drones, but my research and my connection to border patrol suggest otherwise.

Thats all I have. Thank you.
