{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-23 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52709","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5506108.json","updb_database_id":5506108}
{rjl} witnessed two objects with glowing lights hovering and moving in sync while seperated by a mile.

At 12:00 am on May 23, 2013, my friend and I began hiking Mt. San Jacinto from the bottom 200 ft. el. to the top 10,800 ft. el. We planned the trip around the full moon because of our all night hike. At 3:10 am my friend and I were at about 6000 ft of elevation. Due to our position on the east side of the mountain, the moon had already set. It was pitch dark where we were besides our flash lights. We couldnt even see the lights from Palm Springs because we were seperated by a mountain. Suddenly while looking south east towards the Santa Rosa mountains we spotted two objects. I noticed the objects because they were brightly colored and in a location where there are no houses, roads, cars, trails or anything for that matter. When I first noticed the lights I thought they were either a night hiker, a car or a house.

There were two crafts, positioned about 3/4 mi. apart, hovering around 750 ft. The objects both had bright flashing lights. The craft that had 3 lights was south east of my location. The lights all had separate colors but they blended together so their true color was indistinguishable. perhaps red yellow and blue. The other object which was south of my position had one main light and another light that periodically illuminated. The main light seemed like a bright white light. Both crafts hovered in exact synchronization despite their distance between each other. They seemed to be moving up and down and side to side. The object with 3 lights seemed to be the dominate craft because it was in more of an open area and when it would move, the other craft mocked its positioning while it was deeper in the Indian Canyons. It appeared as if tbey were looking for something.

My friend and I, of course being skeptics, questioned every bit of rational to explain this situation. We watched them for about a half an hour. By the time we decided to continue with our hike, we were affirmative to the fact we had witnessed two ufos. Despite our visual sightings, both of us had seperately felt that they could feel us watching them. During our sighting we felt that the lights sensed our presence. After the sighting we disclosed in confidence in each other that we had sensed strange sensations which internally translated to the feeling of them being aware of us. After 30 minutes 3:10 -340 am of our sighting we continued on our hike. By 4:00 am the lights were gone.
