{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-14 18:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5497108.json","updb_database_id":5497108}
Bright shiny object seen overhead in cloudless blue sky. Witnessed. Stationery over 30 minutes. Became bright and 'changed shape' one time. Camera photos and video.

I was in my small back yard sitting facing south and looking at the brilliant blue summer sky (New Zealand). I first noticed a shiny object in the sky after I looked down at the garden plants and then back up to the sky - it just appeared. It was stationery i.e. it was not an aeroplane moving across the sky. It was not a balloon as it did not move at all. There was no noise. It looked like a bright shiny star in the day sky - it was not the moon. It wasn't a helicopter hovering - there is no helicopter that shape. 

I shouted to my partner to come outside to see the object. The witness confirmed that the object wasn't a plane, helicopter, balloon and that it was silver and shiny. I had my cellphone with me and started to take video. The object cannot be seen in the video without using enhancing techniques. I also took several photos which do capture the object. 

I continued to observe the object for over 30 minutes - it remained stationery. I then witnessed (by myself and not filmed/photographed) the object begin to glow. The light was 'flame-like' and the object appeared to elongate from an oval into a cigar shape. The glowing was made from a number of colours. The shape then returned to the shiny, static state. This lasted only approximately 1 to 2 minutes. The object remained in the same position in the sky.

I had to go into my house at this point and remained in the house for 15 minutes. After this time, I returned to my position. The object was still there but had moved SE. It appeared a little bit closer to me. I took more photos. As the object was about to go out of view as it neared being obstructed by the roof of my house, I decided to view the object from another angle.

I then went to the front of my property to try to see the object. I could not see the object. It was gone. I went to my back yard and the object had gone.

The whole experience lasted approximately 1 hour 45 minutes.
