{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-13 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46221","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5512108.json","updb_database_id":5512108}
(GS) fireball rising straight up slowly then drifted slowly for several minutes then took off into space and was gone in seconds

I was watching TV around 830 pm on March 13th, 2013 when a flash out of the living room window caught my eye. My mother was also watching TV at that time. I said "Somethings on fire!" I ran and looked out of our dining room door and I said "Oh my god theres an airplane on fire". My mother and I ran outside but we immediately realized it wasnt a plane. I said "What is that?" My mother said "Its a hot air balloon" but we knew a balloon wouldnt be flying after dark. The object seemed to be rising up and wasnt making any noise. It seem rather close, and looked to be rising up from the Guadalupe River. We watched it as it started going straight across the sky,(from east to west maybe) drifting slowly. My mother went inside and told my father to come out and see if he might know what it was. He came out and watched it with us. As it started to get further away my father said he was going to run into the house and get his camera. It was almost as if the object heard us, as soon as he said it the object changed directions and speed. It started going out into space at a very high rate of speed. My father took all of 20 seconds to run in and get his camera. When he got back we could still see the object but it was so far away it seemed to be a star but it was still the color of fire. Then it was as if the fire went out. It was gone. The entire event took maybe 10 minutes. My 2 year old granddaughter was also outside with us and even she was pointing at it and saying "I see it, I see it!".
