{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94624","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3189,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5466108.json","updb_database_id":5466108}
{jpg} Perfect Silver sphere stationary in sky, I also worst headache I ever felt

Back in 2014 one cloudy day, I woke up with one of the worst headaches I ever had. I had to go to work and took some Advil and left the house via the back door to walk to my car parked in the street around 7-8am. I remember thinking as I walked out the backdoor down my wide, longish driveway that I felt "vulnerable", like anything can "get me out here" in my "open driveway" and I think I was thinking "A UFO abduction can easily happen here". It was an unusual thought, I never had those type of thoughts before walking down my driveway.

As I approached the halfway point down my driveway to my car, I noticed a silver sphere in the sky with some wispy fog flowing over it (cloudy day) and when I looked at it, my headache got worse and I was sensitive to "light" (althought it was not emitting any light). I thought I must have a true migrain or something. I never felt like that before nor since.

At the time, it did not occur to me that I was seeing a UFO. For years afterward, I thought it was the "Sun behind clouds", it was a cloudy day.
However, recently, it hit me: The SUN does NOT rise directly above my Driveway and NEVER has! The path the sun rises and sets is NEVER above my driveway for any season or time of year! (The closest the sun is near my driveway would be winter and it still rises way to the east, my driveway faces north where I saw the object.) 

It occurred to me about 6 months ago that what I saw was a UFO! I also have paid special attention to the sun behind clouds and it doesn't look like a silver sphere, the sun behind a cloud glows and has a warm yellow or orange tinge to it. That day I saw the sphere has always remained in my thoughts now and then because of how bad the headache was,I never had a headache like that before, especially the "light sensitivity" which only happened oddly when I "looked" at that object, office lights did not bother me when I got to the office and Advil had not kicked in yet, my office where I worked was 15 minutes away.

I can't give an exact day I saw this, I am guessing around May or June in 2014 and figured I would report it.

Another strange thing that might be worth noting: back in 2011 or 2012 our area was hit by a rare 5.0 earthquake that I think originated in Virgiia or something and a friend mentioned seeing a "spiral" in the night sky the nnight before the earthquake hit, at the same place roughly I saw the "UFO" a few years later. I figured I would mention it , maybe related, maybe not.
