{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61148","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5498108.json","updb_database_id":5498108}
Just before entering our room I spotted a supposed 'shooting star'. I took a step back to have a clear look just to find a pattern of lights moving along a straight line at incredible speed. I showed the same to my wife who also saw it.

I and my wife sleep upstairs. Our room is located on the terrace. So we are always passing through open terrace before entering our room. We both are engineers and have a great fascination for stars, galaxies, etc. We have trained our ears to quickly spot Mars, Jupiter in the night sky.

Tonight was an unusually clear night. We took a couple of minutes to spot our favourite planets but we didn't find them. But we looked at orion nebula which we have named as 'butterfly'. I was so stuck to the clear sky that I continued to look at the it before stepping in to the our room. Just then I spotted a supposed 'Shooting Star'. Enthused, I took a step back to have a clear look. Just then I found a complete pattern of lights (which were bright like stars) moving along a fixed path. 

Before I could realize anything, I just pulled up my wife to show her. Which she also spotted. The lights were moving without making any noise and were very fast. Hence, my wife could not see the lights clearly, but only the pattern they made.

All this happened within 5-10 secs. And the UFO just disappeared.

My father had worked for 35 years in Defence Aircraft Manufacturing. The company provided accommodation was just opposite the Airport. This airport was till recently used for commercial aircrafts also. I have been born and brought up in this neighbourhood, and I am 29 years old today. I can easily spot an aircraft in the sky. But, this was not an aircraft. This was something like 10-12 boeing 747 aircrafts sized flying object moving at incredible speeds (speeds just like shooting stars).
