{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3103,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5490108.json","updb_database_id":5490108}
Blue-white star-like object flashed initially with a bright white light so that it could be observed -- circled and ascended thereafter

This is the first report of me witnessing three separate events over different time periods, the latest of which compelled me to report all three. Two of the events my father was also a witness, and in one event my mother was a witness. Prior to each event, my father and I felt somehow guided to look at the stars. Concerning this first event which is reported here, I feel in my heart, beyond any doubt, that this event was somehow planned. 

My father and I wanted to look at the stars this night. It was partly cloudy outside. Midnight struck, and my father asked me if I would like to go outside to see the stars. I wholeheartedly agreed. The moment we stepped outside unto the small porch of our summer house, I was directed to look at the skies by a very bright light in the midnight sky. One could have first expected it to be a star, but somehow I knew this was different. It signaled to me with sequential flashes, very much unlike a star, in that the flash was directed towards me. The object was high in the sky due exactly west at an approximate 45-50 degree angle. I immediately told my father to look, after what seemed a split second after I saw the first flash. It was as if the object wanted our attention, and this was its way of communicating to us. After we moved briefly to our driveway for a better view, we stood there flabbergasted for minutes, as this object which was no longer directly flashing at us was performing faint clockwise and counter-clockwise circles. It remained far away and was flickering with blue-white colors. The movements were erratic and elegant, maintaining a relatively linear direction as the object seemed to be slowly ascending as it headed due north/north-west, ending at about an angle of 70-75 degrees before mist rolled in and concealed the object and most stars.

This was my first official UFO encounter, and oddly enough a few nights prior to this I was thinking thoughts that I was ready to see one. I remember clearly how frightened and awed I was by seeing this object, and it is not something to be forced upon anyone else who isn't ready. I wish I had the chance to get visual proof for this, but my phone couldn't capture it in the darkness. I leave the readership to decide on the truth of this matter, but readers should know that I stand by my testimony. Every detail I described is what I experienced.
