{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-03 13:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504108","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/108/mufon-5504108.json","updb_database_id":5504108}
{rjl} reptile like creature seen picked up by a space ship like ufo.

I was driving down bonnie view road, there was previously a ufo sighted on a street that runs parallel to it. There is an area where cattle that is picked up by the sheriff from owners is taken. It is fenced in and there is no way to go inside aside from it being illegal. I stopped next to it on the road to look at a white horse which seemed as if it was spooked by something. Next thing I know I saw a human like creature with scales looking very reptilian lying on the ground then getting up and walking deeper into the fenced area. I was shocked but there was still a huge distance between me and the creature so I dont think it even noticed me looking at it. I didnt know whether to call the police or just leave but within seconds a very mysterious weird looking disk dropped down to the ground very fast in the direction that the creature was walking. It did it so fast that its hard to even see what it is as it comes down like a bubble in water and only stays on the ground for a few seconds but while its on the ground it seems to be glowing in a cloak of fading invisibility almost like white light it was as if I was seeing it through an old tv. It was like it just kept trying to hide but then all of a sudden it rose right back up and disappeared into the sky. I was unable to take pictures since my phone was out of battery but I know for a fact it happened, the trees look as if they have been hit by a very strong wind and if nobody goes in to investigate the area, the sheriff will go in clueless about anything that happened. I have no idea if there is any debree or radiation because I just drove away shocked and really scared to my home but you can tell even now by looking at the area that something unusual was there.
