{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T12:37:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 25, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5192634, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-04/documents/doe-uap-d004-los-alamos-conference-on-aerial-phenomena-1949.pdf", "source_sha256": "64f70db72f3747cfdc512f78f16b0ac33a0876b39dbf7dddf07ab870ba1b1a47"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 1161, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES
ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
ADDRESS REPLY TO:
MANAGER, SANTA FE DIRECTED OPERATIONS
U.S. ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
P. O. BOX 1539
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
AND REFER TO:
SPD-3-1
March 22, 1949
Lt. Onda• Richard Mendelkorn
APSIT Headquarters
Sandia Base
Albuquerque, New Mexico
Dear Omdr. Handellorn:
Furnished herewith is a transeript of
the minutes of the conference held at
Los Alamos February 16, 1949, pertoining
to serial phenonena.
DECLASSIFIED
Authority:
NND 58378
R & D ROUTING
INFO ACTION
INITIALS
DIRE TOR
DEPUTY
EXECUTIVE
*E*
*M"
*N°
ADMIN
SUSPENSE
FILE
м -q
Very truly yours,
Sidney Newburger, Jr.
Neulung fo
chiot,
Security
oporations Branch
Encl:
As indicated
7
Department of Energy Declassification Review
REVEN 5 2058603
DETERMINATION ¡CIRCLE NUNBERISI
1. CLASSIFICATION RETAIRED
AUTRORITY.
2. CLASSIRCATICHI CHANGED TO
Dead Frame
3. CONTAITIS NO DOE CLASSIPED INFO
classily On
COORDMATE WIN.
smecia 109
B CLASSIRED INFO BRACKETED
DOTHER (SPECIFY): TREL PALE OUS-
DECLASSIFIED
Authority
ANA
58378
By BKT HARA, Date 4/3/2026
luc#5
"When seperated from enclosures, handle this
document as-..
ПОЛА
SHORE-ITE 2iel-5522

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2029, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- т.
"CAUTION
he the
OF
18 OF 25 COPIES,
2Y
NGECT
SERIES A
ted
COMFERENCE
Om
AERIAL PHONOMENA
Held at 1300, 16 Februsry 1949, in conference room Po162, Los Alamos Solentific
Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexteo. Present:
4eta Army:
APSHP:
Major Godsde
Captsin Heel
Carmender Mendelkorn
University of New Mexico:
FBI:
De. InPas
Mr. Maxrel1
UBAEC, SPOO:
ME. Morgan
Nt. Newburger
University of Californie:
Dr. Bradbury
De. Holloway
Ма. Hoyt
De. Henley
De. Reines
Dr. Teller
Mix. Nevburger opened the conference and stated that the subject of Aerial
Phenomens was aleeniled Secret withia the meaning of AR 380-5 and comparable
eppropriate regulstions of the levy and Air Forces, and that s11 personnel at
this neeting vere properly cleared.
Ir. Hewburger
then introduced Captain
lees, who briefly outlined the purpose of thia meeting.
Coptein fleef: It all started back in December, 1948, when we first received
some reports from some airline pilots that these green firebells were sighted.
At this stage we had no ides what to do with it or what it was.
We approsched
Dr. Lapez who has been assisting us, gratie, since that date.
Almost over two
months now that he has been aesiating us, eo in order to have you get the facts
aa they sze to a scientist, I'll let Dr. LaPes explain these things as we have
found them.
Then you can give us your opinion from there; that is what we are
interested in.
De. LaPas: I vould like to review what is observed in the case of a conven-
blons] meteorite fall, Not that I have any hopes of saying anything you don't
conventional neteorite falls as providing the necessery beckground for what 1e
20w observed.
on record droned out by noise fros ditch disger immediately outside conference
200m) ...•... Because of sound phenomens primartly, the fall or large
meteorite will cause great fright among human beings necessarily but primarily
among animale, of all kinds. The tapt follows, bye meteorite falling into the
DECLASSIFIED
Authenty NMD 58373
B1 _ 2BT NARA, Date Lo/ 3/2046
SHORI TIE Sll: 5572

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3090, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 2
earth, is as you would expect, one at rendon - in azimuth and elevation. IP
the radiant white is known, you can predict the minimum angle with respect to
the plene of the horizon at which the meteorite path has been observed.
is no choice, as far as the .... for direction when meteorites fell in at
random.
I'd like to contrast now, at this time, this fact with what has been
observed by some individuals here at the conterence and by many of the ASS
inspectors,
UAL pilota, special agents, goodnese knows how many other categorles
of people.
I choose to describe the only one of the incidents that I was
personelly a witneas to. It is the only one of the incidents that I am in a
position to vouch for on the bosis of experience, dating from 1915, as a member
of the American Meteor Soclety, was most certainly not & conventional meteorite
It was the so-celled Starvation Peak incident on the night of December 12,
1948.
Time of observation around 9:02 P.M., plus or minus 30 seconds.
fireball eppeared in full intenaity instantly - there was no increase in light.
Its color, estimated to be somewhere around wave length 5200 engstroms, was a
hue green, or yellow green, such sa I had never observed in meteor tells before.
The path was as nearly hortsontal as one could deterine by visual observation.
We have a photograph which might be some licers of departure from horizontal.
The trajectory was traverse at, I en inclined to believe, constant angular
velocity.
Just before the end of the path chere was the very slightest drooping
of the path, that is the green fireball broke into fragments, still bright green.
De. Teller: And all this time the intenalty ves approximately constent?
Dr - LaPsz:
All the time, as far as I could determine. The eye, of course, is
admittedly a very crude photographer.
De. Teller: Fow long did the phenomenon Isst?
De. LaPaz:
in relation to all observations.
Eev of these, however, I believe, were
determined under as lavorable circumstances as the duration of the Starvation
Peak incident.
Possibly I should go back and review the situation a little bit.
Becouse some report, issued by the AESS, vould certainly suggest that I was
primarily responsible for starting this whole matter
I am glad that Captain
Neel corrected that impression. Actually, I vas on an investigation in regard
to the green fireball observed on the night of December 5th at the time the
December 12th incident occurred.
As & result I wes keyed ups I wee vatching;
I hed a stop watch with me and a trensit.
We got into position and made
messures, transit measures, on szimuths and elevation readings; that is, ve
made a duration check, certainly within not more than two or three minutes
satter the incident occurred.
To that extent, I believe, it is possibly the
best observed of any incident up to the time of the January 30th Pall.
De. Manley: Hou did you heve time to use the transit?
De. TaPes: The transit was in the back of the car.
The moment the car was
parked at the side of the road, ve yanked the transit out and set it up and

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3648, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on ABRIAL PHENOMENA
Page 3
began measurements.
We vere in motion at the time but we were able to get a
very good check of what we observed at the time on the road near Stazvation
We had a clear view of the sky to the Northest and the West, and the
object was so low over the horizon it wes possible to compare it not only to
the stars with which I am familiar, bub with respect to mountain peaks that
were also visible.
To continue, that duration ves about two seconds. This is
one of the puzzling things to the meteorists. I belleve I do not exaggerate
when I say that 90% of the duration determinations that have been made in the
case of the green fireballs have given durations right in that vicinity.
Wherees you take, ssy, 100 ordinary neteor observations you will find the
widest diversions in durations.
You could take the same lesson as observed
by 100 people - possibly that's a better exemple • and there vould be wide
veriations in the estimates of duration.
De. Manley: Did you correlate the azimuths with .....?
Dr. LaPez: No.
There is an azimth factor here which I am going to talk to
you about,
that relates to the choice of direction.
Both our observations are
single station observations, so that it becones impossible from the observe-
tion measure to deterine the real path of the fireball in the atmosphere.
There have been only three cases where that path was determinable. One, as I
recell It, was that of December 12, another December 20, and tinally, of course,
the very large fell on January 30, 1949. Iº13 give you
some particulars on the
paths.
I do vant to observe, however, that even our station observations
present a puzzling charectertatic to
the meteorists.
If you plot what are
called, by meteorists, the edmiesible protozons for a green fireball that hea
been observed, you will find that they give, on the average, an approsch almost
to the forth, come dow from the North,
they sre not restricted to ?
How
what about the real paths?
I gave some indications as to the altitude at which
meteorites nomally disrupt full ..... and come dom.
That relates to the
lovest ..... of path.
The green fireballs are usual in this respect:
probably that they are hortsontal or nearly so, or that their horizontal path
is traversed very low down in the atmosphere.
In the case of the real paths
for which we have been able to nake determinations so far, those are graphics]
determinetions, as ve have not taken the trouble to use Chablis (1) methods or
because the observations aze regarded as necessarily too rough fox
mathematical niceties.
Those paths are traversed st elevations between 8 and
10 miles.
I defy you to find anywhere among meteorists, exemples of conven-
tional meteorites that move over long horizontal paths reserving nearly constant
angular velocities and therefore, on the average, constant 11near velocities, at
elevations of the order of 8 to 10 miles.
There is a good desl of evidence that
may be of value in the complete reports that are available hore, but since this
is an introduction, I vould like to summarize at this stage:
the fireball which
I personally witnessed on the night of December 12, 1948, vas not, 1a my
opinion, & conventional meteor {all.
Since the majority of the green tireballs
have been reported to me, both before and after this December 12th occurence,
possess almost all the properties which I personally observed on the night of
December 12th, I feel that in all probability they are not themselves conven-
tional meteor falls. Iow, the easy way out of this is to conjure up an 12-
conventlonel type of .....meteorite, which comes in prectically parallel to the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 2937, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 4
sunlace of the earth and is somehow endoved with the property sgainst the very
great atmospherto resistance that is experienced on a level, it reserves nearly
constant velocity over paths say of the order of 25 to over 100 miles, as in
the case of the green ?lreball on January 30th. It should also have the
property that it is a very remerksble hue of green, not heretofore observed,
to my lowledge, in the case of any conventional meteor falls. And Tinally,
and this possibly is the most impleusible feature of all, that although it
produces light visible at distances of the order of 400 miles, 1t doesn't make
In the case of the Jonuary 30th 2al1, due to the tect that there bad
obervatione within a ainute after the fall occurred and pursued the investiga-
over a distance of 1,600 miles - in Texes mud primerily! - in some ten
days time intervieving literally hundreds of people, we saw not one substan-
De. Teller: May I ask how many people have seen this one big neteorite?
Iz. LaPaz: That is difficult to say. (record blank for short per1od)........
Pinally, in the Interrogation or such persons, ve invoriably interviev them as
individuale. We tried a family or 8 the first night, as Mejor Godsoe will
recall, intervieving •....and 1t became apparent at once that there was some
sympathetic influence and we broke it off after I think the third or fourth
observation and thereafter intervieved separately. Il you vere to search,
hovever, the independent observations of those who were widely separated,
possibly stations of the order of 100, there weze probably 100 ditterent
stations reporting-
Dz. Feller: What area did that cover?
Dz. LaPan: A1l O2 New Mexico, a11 the Western half of Tezes. I have a mag
here with some indications
possibly the extent of that.
Hoyt and Bredbury: Hasn't that Sunday the 2lth?
Dr- LaPaz:
lo, it was derinitely Sunday the 30th. Ine newspapers nave very
helyfully concested most of the relevant lecte relating to this tizeball. First,
they described it as a fireball, second,
they ... (record blank for lew seconds).
interterred with OSI and vasn't able to
do that this time. This is the field
map and will give in various colors, dots and pencil deshs, ete. all of the
observations obtained on the Texas sesreh.
Dz. Jelles: A11 relate to one fall?
De. LaPaz: Yes.
These lines are drawn from points of observation.
The center,
es you see, of points of appearance is somewhere Southrest of Amerillo or South-
southwest oi Amarillo.
The disappesrence point la in the vleinity of Lubbock,
At the time this wes drawn, before I vas able to make out trensit
measures in the vicinity of Albuguerque, thieves the beat apparent path of the
2izeballs.
These other ink lines are indeyendent, made by other groups of
observers vorking on the same problen.
(record blank again for short time.
Thie transit, unfortunately, had a needle with s bent platon and 1t was not

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2999, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 5
discovered until much later thet we vere getting isulty records. Independently,
I have re-deterined, using the best equipment availeble at the University, the
lines of sight at all points where the faulty transit had been used. I have
plotted on thie map only observations that I made personally or such observa-
tions as I have every reason to believe vere made by experienced personnel, lor
example UAL Flyers, who tools the trouble to make measures, or possibly evil
engineers.
De. Teller:
You meen these people right afterwards or shortly aftervards took
an instrument and tried to measure 1t?
Dr. LaPaz: That's right.
Dr. Teller: This is the point where it diseppesred?
De. Lalas: And nommelly, all you will get 1s the point where it disappeezs,
because the average men is avare of the fact that when he is not warned, he
makes a very insccurete observation. Having been verned by the appearance of
the fireball, his attention 1a fixed and he vatches where it bursts, where it
explodes, wheze it disappears. So I ssy this is a much better deterination.
This beginning point, although you notice the ....of line here, is reesonably
satisiactory.
De. Teller: Are these points here observers of the test, locatlone of those
observations?
Dr. LaPes: Usually a dotted cirele like that indicates a reported sound obser»
We use this symbol: a cizele 1s a report, whether oz not the
observation includes azimuth of elevation, 11ght appearences, 1s Indiested Ty
the presence of & cross.
IP It 1s blacked out, both 21ght and sound were
low every one of those things has been disproved. In the area where
the end point wen located, 011 well drilling was underway, dynamite blasting
in connection with setting up of rigs, some nitro being used apparently to
shatter .....
In every case we were able to exclude the possibility that the
noises zeported actuelly were tied in with the neteorite fall. At least let
me say, in my opinlon, those noises vere excluded.
In certain cases,
independently, that was confirmed by a visit of It. Ryan of the Rosvell group
of the 0S1.
Por instance, the best case of all, near Amberst 3, or noise -
the observer, it's true, was only a ten-year old boy, but he wrote a very
intelligent letter, and it 1s well known thet children, Ilke animals, are more
sensitive to sound than people who have listened for too many years, say, to
the radio.
It appeared conceivable that he bsd actuelly made a sound observa-
tion, but It. Ryan went to Amberst 1, found that even three members of the
family vere not able to confirm his observation of noise and no one in the
town, some 300 or 400 persoas I think in all vere estinated to have been
visited, no one at all had heard a sound, so I think that Mike probably heard
the same dynamite blast as had been reported by Miss Winson Didpasture - I
aldn't take that name out of the funny papers, it actually exists.
(continual exemination of the napa with minor interrogations concerning
meridings.)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3243, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PEEVOMENA
Page 6
Dr. LePas:
With one exception, 1n the case of Rosvell, there are two types
of sound associated with meteorite falls and, I assume, associated with the
motion of ey very high velocity projectile or missile through the sir.
There are what physicists vould call ressonable sounds, and while he would
not ackmowledge it, simultaneously with the appesrance
of a meteorite, you
hear e meteorite,
the physicist will refuse to believe the observation.
Nevertheless, there is a tremendous volune of evidence indicating that these
Anyone who does field work in the search lor
meteorites will cone sezoss poseibly 10% of the observers who say that,
although ay attention was attracted by hearing, & whining noise, & whistling
noise, I looked up and there was the fireball.
In other words, this anonelous
sound apperently attracts attention to the occurrence.
I have an article by
Brandon ..... one of the sons of the man who first investigated the great
crater out in Arizons, and a chap by the name of Hart ? with whom I am not
personally acquainted
but a physicist apparently st Princeton, in which they
attempt to justify the occurrence of anonslous sound.
They express it roughly
in this feston. Electrongetle radiation 1s set up by
(De. Teller ezeused to enswer the phone.)
De- LaPaz:
You vouldn't believe it anyway! However, •.... electromagnetie
redletion 1s rectified somehow by the ..... changed into sound that can be
heazd and,
therefore, you can hear the meteorite at the seme time you see 1t
2al1. In the case of the Rosvell observation apperently that occurred. We
have a group of five men - there vere near a steel smokestack - and every
Inst one of then svare that they heerd at the some time they were watching
the green fizeball go by, & noise like, sey, a gasoline blowtorch.
certainly not an ordinary explosives sound.
One more thing in connection
with the noises.
In every other meteorite fall, any one meteorite fall that
I have investigeted, - that covers many years - I have never yet found an
occasion of s detonating fireball, without meteorites coming down at all,
in which there was not some evidence of alarm of animels. Chickens vi11 2ly
around to try to get under cover.
Dogs will howl and try to get into the
Horses vill zun avay. In the case of the Texas tell, in splte of the
tremendous area in which the 11gat vas observed, we found not a single case
in which the animals were disturbed. We knew of the case of s farmer who had,
in sunny Teras, a pond with a five-inch layer of Lee, who reported thst a
mateorté had fallen through the ice on that pond, had bzoken a hole.
Captain
Wee? heze put on a pair of rubber boots and very thoroughly searched the pond
without Linding a meteorite.
Even in thst osse there was no evidence of
alarm by the animels.
I belleve with that sumnary, I'd better cease operations
and have you ask questions.
Question: Hor mary observed {ells?
Dr. InPaz: I°d like to classify those into three groups.
I would say that
there are ten instances that definitely merit the most serious consideration.
They are strictly analogous to the green fireballs of the night of December 12.
On top of that, there must be southing of the order of twenty more which are

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3291, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on ABRIAL PRISOMANA
Page 7
so vell reported, from los Alemos for exemple,
that although the green fire-
balle observed showed small ....
observations of observers who paid practically no attention to the eky at
eny other time in their lives and now when they see a really bright light,
they report it.
You will lind a great many instances of bluish-witte fire-
In my opinion, those falling vertlestly and lesving trails, are
singly ordinary ahooting stars.
#ireballa, a blue light, aze not in any sense to be associated with the green
Those three categories then.
Dr. Menley: ?
De. LaPaz:
In the case of the two green fireball paths, determined from Los
Alamos observations, in one case the Stervation Peals lacident, we have an
East-West motion, and then also a notion exctly parallel to •....
In other
vorde, these two real peths show, I think they are the only two of the first
category thet show any reel departure from the .....
It is possible to
explain that.
It is quite evident that we have no case of assurance that
both groups of observers, the observers at Starvation Peat and the observers
at los Alamos, eaw the came point of
•.. so that 12 ve were to merely ask
what are the limite within which such real paths might fell, it turns out
that it might be
as short as 12 miles instead of being 25 miles long, and in
tast case it vould be directed almost directly to the forth; it would come
dowa very neszly within 2 degrees, 5 degrees say, of the North.
In the case
of the lexes observations, whereas I have indicated and the maps snow, we
have many observations by
• trained observers, motion is cleerly almost directly
North to South.
I have been informed that there are reasons for regarding the
..... out here (ditch digger) ... and you notice that this passes reasonably
close to Lubbock.
The seme ie true of the two earlier fizebells, those of
December 12 and December 20.
They both passed - one passed centrally over
Los Alemos and the other about six miles North of the center, but this would
not be true..... (ditch diggez). One point that possibly should have been
mentioned earlier is this:
I ves the more Interested when Captain Weet cane
to my office and brought the December 5th incident to my mind because very
much earlier I had been contacted lirat by ... White, Director of Texas
Observers, in regard to their remarkable green flere seen on January 1, 1948.
Second, from a Dr. Pruitt, Director Northvestern Section, City Section, Of
the Meteor Society, I had been infored that earlier occurrences of bright
green fireballs, not too for fron the Hanford ares.
When Captain Neet come
in with reports
of green fireballs near Isa Vegas and particularly when he
disclosed that there was a Ios Alemos near Ies Vegas - the real Los Alamos -
it had much interest.
Dr. Holloway:
Are there any reports of these from other Installstions, such
as Troy, New Yorls, or places 1ike that?
De. JaPaz: I reised thet question and I know of no other cases. I mean to
say the areas from which these reporte come, as in one, for such evidence as
....., they do not relate to the green fireballs; they relate to the daylight
occurrence of horizontal moving, bright white objecta - some in Memphis,
Tenessee in May, 1948 - that is not too far from Oak Ridge. They relate to

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3317, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 8
the Hanford ares as lar as the Pruitt observations go, and to the observatlons
that I've mentioned here in the las Veges-Los Alsmos area . ......
curious thing has come to light during
these investigations.
I published not
long ago an article in Science
Illustrated on the recovery of the ..... Town
meteorite.
The time that fell, Februssy 18,
1948,
the runor got around
somehow in Northern Kenses and Southern Kansas that it was a Russian bomb,
and it was aimed at the geographical center of the Unived States which 1s not
very far 2rom .....
Apparently, & grest many people gave credence to thet
rumor and vere delighted when ve linally recovered meteorites up there and
proved it wen't anything but en ordinary neteorite tall. Ineidentally, 1t
did not have the characteristies of the green fireball vere talking about here.
There was an air trensport pilot who made a most curlous observation while
flying neur Cherbourg on January 16, 2946.
Els observation was the obsezvation
of a boumeing meceor.
After what I've been telling you about the green 2ize-
balls, you probably think it not unreasoneble thet & meteorite should bounce
but to the meteorlytical mind thet seens very hard to svallow.
The interest
is that one of your own persons here at los Alemos, one and confirmed at least
in part by four other persons, sew one of the green fireballs come down and
then glide off horizontally.
The bouncing meteorite is manually explained by
having 1t form, ssy sinusoidal motion lying in about the plane st which the
observer was loolding so that he first saw the high point of the curve or the
The next time it vas at the peek, it was so far avay that the altitude
was vezy low, which will give you the appeszence of a bouneing meteorite.
ofter than as a possible explanation. Of course, he way have landed in Paris
before he made the Cherbourg 21ight and then ve should disregard the testimony
entirely!
Ms- Newburger:
Dr. Lapes, you mentioned, I beliéve, at one of our other
meetinga thet they had compared the color of this with certain metals?
Dr. LaPaz: That's right.
Intilally we could only ask them what they thought
it looked like.
And ve got such interesting responses that ve eventually
carried around a spectrum chari and alloved everybody to make his own choice.
Of course, the use of the spectrum chart was unnecessary 12 they have a color
Like one lady who had around her neck a green scart which she assured me had
exactly the sane ine the chart to look at.
vere pleazed to have
They will choose, in 90% of the
cases, category 1 and category 2 & wave length which corresponds to something
betveen 4900 and posalbly 5300. Most of them vill fall very close to 5218
which is about the color you get when you have copper salts in the Bunsen
I checked with Dr. Regener on that and asked him 12 an alloy had
beez used, 11ke, sey, copper berylliu, 12 there would be any change in that
hue, and he has
assured me there pould not.
He said it would still give
approsiaste
appearence of beryllium copper ..... You mi11 find in probably
1350 of the 1500 only the merest trece of copper occurrence. There are a
few meteorites Like .....
in South Daltota, where little veins of copper have
been foul, making up possibly 4 of 1%.
Dr. Brodbury: Is this true of all meteorites?

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2391, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on ARIAL PHENOMENA
Page 9
Dx. Lapaz: It's true in any category. Even in the irons, the presence of
copper is very hard to detect, very little.
...•. (diteh digger). I don's
know wether you gentlemen could suggest an essy vay to obtsin green firebal1
spectre oz not.
Dr. Teller:
What is the geographicel solution of this?
Dr. LaPaz: Anothez map vould probably anser that best of all.
(Looked at more naps with some talk that vas not sudible.)
icht of December 30. 1948. Record dead dor minute or tuo.
Mr. Royt:
I vould have seid approzimately as far above the mountain as the
flooz of the valley ves below the top of the mountein. I felt that would
give me somewhere in the neighborhood of 20,000 Peet or theresbouts.
It wes
about 5 minutes to 6, on my vay up here.
I have s feeling that it hed a
doward path. I mean it vas going South.
Dr- LaPos: But it vas not sirtetly hortzontal?
Mr. Hoyt:
No.
Dr. LoPes: We have some discrepancies in that regard. 95% or the observe»
tions indicate a very nearly horizontal path.
One from Fort Horth, Texen,
wich vas not made by •.... but messred by them, Indicates en elevation of
6 degrees st the beginning and 2% to 3 degrees at the end.
Mr. Hoyt:
tostis what I vould have said, but remerber that the ridge would
give you the sensetion that it vas taling a dowvard path. Duration - et
the tine I vould say it vas approximately 3 seconds.
Condr. Mandelkorn: How does the calculated velocity of these objects compare
with the known velocity of, meteorites?
Dr. LaPaz: Apparently very much lover; that 1s, nore than the ordinerlly
observed meteorite lalls.
Pizst, to observe in the cast of an actuel
meteorite tell you have a relatlon of the velocity from the suriele of •....
a'tmosphere down to the ipect velocity which way be very ..... but it tan°t
Palz to compare the velocity of the green firebells to the impact velocity
02 ...... (diteh digger and everyone talling at once)....... Not with the
trajectory velocity of the meteorlte witch is the same as the velocity of
the fragments thet fall fron the meteorite.
After & meteorite ..... the
tragneate fall about 11ke a bomb. Their resistance just about balances out
the .... and as e result,
they come dow with about the velocity of a
felling bomb, & little less because they do not have the same ballistic
coefficient.
DE. Bradbury:
thie is not an excluded ? direction like the .....?

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3180, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 10
Dr. IePas: Due to the fact that they have a curve, and practically all times
during which derkness is with us, why they tend to come in from that direc-
tion....
De. Bredhury: Mould it be a chowez?
De. TaPan: That was my firet explanation, as a matter of fact. Geminate
showers vith a maximm of December 10 to December 12.
The fizai evidence that
I had war Sgt. Kinsley's report on December 2 and since often the forerunners
of the showers will ..... I thought we were talking about Geminate shovers
except that I never observed a green Genizate. Matter of fact, a check of
observations made at that time found that there were 414 observations since
1915 and there wan't a single one, Geminate or non-Geminate, for which any
hue of green was mentioned. Later, for instance on the night of December 12,
you could watch the Geminate come dot.... and notice that they came in et
high angles to the horizontal, whereas the green tirebells... Incidentally,
ve heve nother interesting piece of evidence there - Dr. Sherman Smith from
the University - I mention an observation that he made on the same night.
time of the observation is in dispute.
According to Dr. Smith it vas probably
sa lste ss 10:50. He had to wait for a long time, he said, for his vife to
pick him up after the concert ves over, Mes. Satth, hovever, times it around
10:10.
Whatever the time, within an hour oz say an hour and a half after the
green 21reball and the horizontal path were observed, ve have snother extremely
bright blae firebell come out of the Genizate rays.
I mention this because
some of the first persons to concern themsalves with this problem suggest that
the green fireballs were simply abnomally bright Geninates. Apparently you
can have very large Gentnate falls of the color estimated by a trained ......
checked with the spectrum charis ..... 1s gulte distant, I assure you, fran
the green firebells.
Comda, Mendelicorn:
How good is the coverage of the observers of the American
Meteor Society as far as the top-halt of the United States is concerned?
Dr. LaPaz:
It depends a good deal upon overcast conditions. I vould say,
hovever, ihst this year the lastern half of the country has offered phenomenol
observing conditions.
One of my reasons for withdrawing from Ohio State was
that after 13 yeara there I had given up hope of ever seeing a meteorite showez
because during the season of meximum intensity of the falls ve had heavy over-
cast, snow end so forth.
On the other hand, this year they're had reasonably
I have obtained no reports from people in that pert of the
We thought we had a definitive check because Harvard College has now
installed e photographie me beor station near or possibly inside the White
Since the 12th of December, you correct me 12 I
exaggerate here, we have been trying to determine the color and other chanseter-
isties of the ten or 12 brightest meteors observed at that station.
We still
don't know what they saw.
We know they vere operating and they made some
photographs, but Captain Neel can probably tell you the red-tape channelitation
Impediments that has dropped out any determinations better then I cen.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2541, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on ABRIAL PERNOMESITA
Page 11
Captein Neef: fell, it's one of those things; it's a Hevy contract and they
are not at liberty to divulge what they find, so ve have to go through
weeningcon, the Bureau of Ordance, to get the informetion.
Comår. Mendelkorn: I belteve I can get that Infornation; as a matter of fact,
I feel very certaia that I can. Just a matter of approach.
Dr. TaPaz: I Leel certain 12 I had contacted DE. Fred Whiple, for oremple,
I could have obtained it, but his other occupations keep him sway from thet
natallation. And actually I felt as a meteorist, it might be wise to have
CSI appeal for inforustion rether than to ask for it directly.
Captain feel: They did tell us they weren't using f1lms which vere going to
be susceptible to these colors.
De. IePer: But, 02 course, they are maling constant visual observations and
1 you were able to deterine visul observations 100 miles from los Alamos
don't reveal the occurrence of bright green fireballs, I think it would be
significent. I don't imow why they should avold the Souther-hailt of the
Condz. Mandelkorn: Let us say 1f these had been at etremely high altitudes,
they would heve been visible from White Sands without any guestion.
Captain feel: This one of the 30th delinttely ves visible from White Bands
because Commander Hollouan 1 and his wife and one of his asslatants and his
wite naw it from there.
De. Tapes: On the other hand, you have evidence like that of Professor Talbot ?
now in charge of the optical trajectory section down there, an experienced
astronomer, a member of the Anerican Meteor Society. I talked with him about
this, and he has observed nothing out of the ordinary. I don't think anybody,
I mean 1a the 1fne of green fireballs, in this sres
has been observing as
much as he does.
I don't see how he could idas sighting some of these.
Question: Wist explanstion do you have for thia?
DE. IaPan: The only explanation is the one I gave in the beginning and hed my
I think these are defensive manoeuvers of some
higher U 5. Comtand and they are practising in the neighborhood of the regions
they are going to defend, so naturally your localization of light neer the
atomie banb installatlons, but boy, en I scolded for that! Iven Dr. Kaplan of
the TAD ? tells me no, no, the TAD would know all about 1t, and they don't
heve any facts.
De. Bradbury: In this the physicist Kaplen?
Dz. LaPez: Yes.
Kaplan is my old boss.
He was chiel of the operational
analyels section when I vas •.... director there. .•... During Kaplan's visit

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2353, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference
on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 12
ence with Major Godsoe and other interested parties.
He gave a brief resume
charter members of the American Meteor Soolety, and he said certeinly these
could not be conventional meteorite fells. Ee, of course, mentioned as other
prople do who have not gone into it moze thoroughly, the
possibility of
abnormal types of meteorite falls, that night come in from e peculiar direc-
tion or might droop at very lov level, but I don't think he was able to
explain the absence of sound.
Dr. Teller: Did I understand you correctly that the velocity of the object
appears to be some 50 kilometers per second?
De. LaPaz: No.
In the case of the green fireballs something betreen 3 miles
per second and 12 miles per second. Depending, you see, 12 you choose one
ruled map or another.
For example, let me illustrate how that affects the
velocity determination. Tois is the one I think possibly best represents the
observations of the case of the fireball of December 12.
That is the path I
assume the Los Almos observers sew the seme point of the curves that the
Starvation Peak observers did, 11kewise to the point of disappearance. If ve
deny that possibility, the path night shorten to this dotted 11ne.
(De. LaPez
vorked on maps with Is. Teller, expleining paths.) Dropping from 25 to some-
thing
betveen 11 and 12 miles.
The January 30 observation gave us our firet
long path.
De. Teller: How long wes it?
De. LePaz: The first observations we bad here indicated .....
That ves
because of errors in the determination of the azimuth at the point of begin.
ning, nade due to the foulty transit they used. But that's correct that the
path runs over 100 miles.
Dr. Teller: And how long does 1t take?
De. LaPaz: Duration estinates range from 5 to around 14 seconds. I think thet
a 10 second average is about the best, that vould give about 10 miles per
De. Bradbury: Green 1s not an waknown color in meteors?
Dr. LaPaz: If I were to revrite the report that I first presented on that sub-
Bey "never obser saying "rarely obseaved" tbia coler green, I think I would now
You sometimes see green, Dr. Bradbury, but 1t 1a a blue-
The blue-green color is rere, but it is observed. For Instance,
Dz. Shermon Smith's observation vas escentially & blue-green, but on the blue
side.
Dr. Bradbury: Want other colora do you see in meteors?

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2790, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 13
Dr. LaPez: Waites chlefly. If you look elosely and without Interference from
outside lights, yellows, oranges and reds.
Dr. Bradbury:
But 1%'s apparently a yellowish-green were talking about here.
If you can see a bluish-green, you can also see yellows and whites.
Dr. LaPes:
There is some defect, possibly in the vieton, that reguires a
pretty high intensity in that yellow green before it's noted in a neteor tell.
Dr. Bradbury: Looks 1ike green?
Dr. LaPez: Yes it does, that's perfectly true. Now here's a peculiar property
of those yellov-green fireballs - sons people will refer to them as red.
only explenation that I can think of 1s they report aftervards that they see
whet 1s an exposure to a very green-bluish 11gat rather than the light Itself -
I don't know 11 that 1s correct.
And, Incidentelly, due to your obervation,
I don't know how to explain the inability of meteor obaervers to report this
renegade color, but I simply know it doesn't oceuz.
You go through 10ng 11sta,
like those of the American Meteor Society, you will find, I imagine, not 2 in
100 where a green is mentioned.
Even in the case of the
? shovers, where you
have large numbere of very bright colors - let me recall something that ell of
you mist have seen.
'The ..... shover of October 9, 1946 - anyone here who saur
that? There vere large mubers of extremely bright firebells at that time.
Kaplan himsel? recalled that they were blue, maybe blus-green, but never yellow-
green. And I observed those under very favorable circumstances - ve were
flying at about 20,000 feet in a B-29. We had no absorption effects at all.
They definitely did not show hues or green.
Dr. Bradbury: Tou mentioned the noise problem also. The noise occurs only
when the meteor itsel? blons up, breaks up?
Dr. LaPaa:
No, that isn't striotly true.
You have, in addition to the hollow
sound, the normal sound of the breakup of the .....
You heve headwind; you're
near the path. You get a real shock; for instance, ve have ..... apparently
broken up by that heedvave, shock wave, in the case of the lorden County Fella.
And then fron the turbulence and reflections all the way along the path, you
w111 have & zumbling which may endure not for the netter of a tenth of a
second, but for minutes, and they're real rough.
De. Bradbury:
But these occur feirly close to the trajectory?
Dr. Lalaz: No. In the case of the Norden County Falls again, they vere heard
clear down to ..... City.
Sakes bulldings that far awsy.
The ..... Palle
were heard up to 300 mlles from the point of impset.
De. Bradbury: Large number of observations .......
De. LaPaz: lo, there again I cheeled very carefully because I was concerned.
I am trying desperately to give a logical explanation to the absence of sound.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2916, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on
AERIAL PHITOMENA
Page 14
I have found in the literature only three cases where no detonations, no
rumblings were reported.
One of those is the Belglum observation in 1855,
and I thiak should be discounted because meteorists hardly existed at that
time. Some 1alls occurred end were not zeported at all.
The other two are
reasonably recent observations • one in 192) and one in 1922.
They occurred,
hovever, in the deep South
where negroes,
I think, vere the only observers.
Even there,
the whiazing of the meteorites as they tell through the air, was
reported.
I low of no case of an actual meteorite where at least the
whiazing of the falling body coming down through the air has not been
reported.
Dr. Bradbury:
De. LaPez:
Meteorite Tells, I belleve that was the way you phrased 1t?
the case of a shooting star, of course, you never hear a thing becsuse the
entire mass 1s, very kladly, vaporized before 16 gets, eay, within 50 miles
of the eax.......
Not only noises, but accongenied
by such noises that
persons or animals are really frigatened out of their wits. For example,
we have a beautiful case where 2 horses killed themselves - in the forden
County Falls - they may have been felled by meteorites, but I'm inclined to
think that the noise frightened them watil they dashed into e ditch ......
Animals go crasy.
Comdr. Mandelkorn: Do you think it musual no fragnents are found?
De. LaPaz: I certeinly do. And I think It unusual, not only In the case of
the green firebells, but in view of the foct that a great fall, I1ke the
..... fall of October 30, 1947, where for the first time we detected a bit of
the interest on the party of the military, there too we recovered nothing.
October 30, 1947, about 4:48 in the afternoon there wes, whst appesred to
be, a tremendous meteorite fall over the reservation ares - the Four Corners
We got there within a very few hours, had excellent observecions, went
back tine and agein, exhausted ground search, CAP people in airplenes, we had
a radio centered, ve had redio controlled jeeps and a lot of people out walk.
ing around = not a trace. I can't give you a color on that because .....
Comer. Mandelborn: Ordinarily, when phenomens of that nature occur, you are
able to recover some material?
1e contes ye, van berted 1ey or ed ang a are proper earl.
G111 Pield Corps of Intelligence Unit; Dr. Lansberg of the Research and
Developent Board, very kindly interested himself in the problem and the elt
searchers resulted not even in the discovery of a broken brench. the region
1s heavily lorrested.
IS branches had been broken, I think they would have
been detected. I haven't clessified that particular fall, hovever, with the
green fireballe and for this reason:
that left a train. Another thing which
I sight have mentioned - a nomal meteorite fall ..... vill produce a l0ng
enrawing train vielble by day and night. Juminous by night and by day,

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2359, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PERROMENA
Page 15
luminated by the sun. In the case of the irona, it wil1 be very faint,
but 1t°11 be there 1f you look for it.
In the case of the Four Corners Tall,
that train vas observed sad I'm inclined to believe that it might have been
a conventional meteorite fall. Ia the case of the green fireballs, to my
Isnowledge, no such train has been observed.
That question is alwaye asked
of people - did you observe a long enduring train; their replies were always
negative.
Comdr, Mendeliorn: Then you vould say there vere 10 incidents which are
analogous to the green fireballs, with reports checked by a sufficient number
of Independent observers, that there is no doubt whatsoever of their occurrence?
De. LaPaz:
That's right.
Conde. Mandelkorn: Then there aze 20 with some deviations, two of these
probably are related to the green firebelia•....
De. LaPez: I belleve two of those incidents I mentioned occurred before the
5th of December.
A vezy remariable one of the 4th of August - note that that
again 1s very close to the time ol ..... meteor shover ...... Fron late in
July on and my report will be producing quite a maber of these ......., but
it is physically imposaible with this particular observetion from near ......
Oxegon.....
De. Bradbury: Then their directions were wrong?
Dr. LaPaz:
As a natter of fact, ve can't tell because they were single
observations.
Maybe I should pase that letter around, but it 1s, I belleve,
the first detalled report on what might be characterized as a typical green
fireball. After the Oscar ..... Incident of January J, 1948, was merely a
remarkeble green flash, which might have had some other interpretation.
(Dr. LePaz shoved some letters around the teble, and there wes
general talk not able to be picked up individuslly.)
Major Godsoe: The basic purpose of this meeting is: we vant you to find a
meteor!
Mr. Newburger: Have the military - anyone from the Nationel Defense estab-
lishment - given us anything? Sent out eny conjectures about this thing?
Major Godsoe:
No, most of the military authoritles think we aze crackpots;
that is, except for the Army Air Foree, which is taking an active interest in
detaila.
Mr. Newburger: The Air Porce does have the primery interest in this gadget?
Major Godsoe: Yes, the Air Force 1s the gethering, reporting agency for this
phenonenon.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 2757, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PEENOMENA
Page 16
Condz. Mandelkorn: I'd like to remove that temporary statement about the
Armed Porces Special espons Project; ve aren't laughing •*.. (record blank
for minute or tro).
Dr. Bradbury:
None of us are experts in this fleld, so we essentially have
to believe what ve sre told. I suppose 1f you try to look for logical
explanations, there are probably some.
Dr. LaPez: I woulå like to ask one question here - unless you feed power into
a body moving into a horizontal path, can it preserve essentlally a horizontal
trajectory? A plene does it; meteorites don't do it; shows curves as the
energy falls off.
This thing epparently igoozes air resistance and gravity
and goes blissfully on its way...
Ix. Teller:
As far as straightness of the path is concerned, 12 you have a
meteorite that you have observed for 10 seconds, and in these 10 seconds it
has gone adistence of 100 miles, It will have fallen in this distance 1/3 or
a mile and now I should like to dare any observer to tell a curvature of this
Ind - beceuse you are coupletely unprepared for the phenomenon.
Dr. LoPez: As It alows down, it curves tovard the bottom.
Dr. Teller: But apparently before it hes happened, slowed down too much or
exploded or something, and then it has disappeared. Mow the ..•.. point is,
of course,
if it has no gover it will slow down, but I do not know how quickly
you would have to estimate that; furthermore, the rate at which it slows down
will depend very mich on the questlon whether it has been at a 10 mile altitude
or a 20 mile altltude.
Dr. IePaz: The elevation eatinates are very concordant on these, and I doubt
that you will be able to change that elevation or 8 to 10 miles by very much.
These are the real path observations thet I have mentioned.
De. Teller: Well, cen you say.......do you think anything cen be said about
that?
Dr. LaPaz: I doubt it. The eye, of course, le not a good speedoneter. You
can't detect a change. At least, I did not in the one observation thist I made,
and no such change has been reported. in the case of those who observed the
green fireballs, say that near the end of the Texas tireball path of January 30
it vas noted that the fregments moved out leisurely to the point at which there
vas apperently less velocity, as show by then on the green fireball itself.
May I mention, hovever, that in the case of the normal meteorite fell that
curvature in the path,
the transverse vertlesl, is one of the most appazent.
You see that In the cese of any large, ordinary detonation fireball fell even
though it may not produce ..... there is a tendency to curve.
Dr. Teller:
What
about total light. ... How does the brightness compare to the
brightness of the meteorites that come from a meteor?

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 2107, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PRETONEHA
Page 17
Dr. LsPez:
In the case of the lexes fall, this is very rough; I didn't see
it, I can only base ea
estimate say on the comparisons that vere made with the
moon as to size and total intensity. In the case of the Teres fall it would
certally be comparable to - 1t ves one of the brightest observed 21reballs
in total intensity .... In the case of the Stervation Peak incident, we can
compare it with Venus which was conveniently located, and it certainly vas of
That comparison was
made almost limedlately after the observation.
6-9009
MEr. Hoyt:
It vas very bright and cleer that night. .*.
De. Teller:
You sew it at 6 o'clock?
Me. Boyt: At live minutes to six. Very, very clear thet night.
(alteh digger • In betveen ditch digger, a few coherent renariss:)
Dr. Manley: In 1945 or 1946 I observed practically the same thing as in this
We thought it was & roman candle.
Definitely light green in color.
I am still vorried about the faet that they don't report any green color in
these 1a1ls.
Dr. Bredbury: Lack of noise,
lack of ...., the lack of these things would be
equally astounding for any material object. .....
Dr - LaPaz:
De. Kaplan suggested the possibility of the same sort of phenomenon
that he could produce experimentally in his laboratory •... sad he tells me
under certain conditions he can produce a globe oz lamps of yellovish-green
Light .....
He conjectured for a minute that thet night have some relation -
an artificial surors.
Conür. Mandelkorn: As long as you brought that up, Maj. Johnson has a letter
I obtained from Gen. Bunker which may be pertinent. Gen. Bunker traasmitted
Dr. LaPaz:
"Dear Bunker:
Received your interesting phenonens of 1 Pebruary and promptly
Regard as colncidental that on dates you mention Gen. Carroll was in
Fairbanks, Alaska, and on his return related thet he had never seen before
in his life such a besutiful technical display of Northern Lights. Maybe
what these people have
seen ie a reflection frau the .... of these pyro-
technics.
So far as ve Inow, it is still phenomens and not material. Best
Regards, Paul".

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2487, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PRCHOMENA
Page 18
Dr. LaPez: May I make the observation that if you look in the chapter by
.....you'll lind that in Alaske where this observation was zeported, there
are very few times st this season of the year when you can't see an aurore.
Dr. Teller: I have the feeling that it is .... either a discovery in physical
psychology 02 .....
Dz. LaPez: I thought thet psychological element would come in here!
De. Teller:
Here is a slightly irrelevent question - you brought in the fly-
ing discs.
What is the connection?
Do. LaPes: I didn't bring in the flying discs.
into one category.
Captain Nees: .... The only indication ve have is a letter from MAC in
Washington Seturday where they indicated the old project Sign 1a now project
Grudge, which includes the phenomens observed in New Mexico. They knew of
this meeting end vere going to send a representative.
De. LaPaz: I just asked Mr. Hoyt a moment ago how he would compare the
brillance of tale object with that of an aircraft flare.
He said they were
of comparable megaitude. I think that was definitely ruled out .....
Dr. Teller:
I understood that a reasonable explanation of the flying diacs •
and I suppose thet it is generally know - is that they are meteorological
balloons.
I understand that in quite a number of cases there have been
very close directions established. ..... I must say that from what you have
said, it certainly sounds like everything else but meteors.
The thing that
impresses me 1s your evidence of the horizontel f1ight. Meteora do not
usually come in like chat. .....
(mumbled talk betveen Drs. Bradbury and Teller)
Captain eat:
*••*. Change of direction such that ve haven't been able to
follow it up yet.
One of our nen vas retuming Sunday night when our tower
operetor saw this object to the Southvest From Klatland Field and ....
Arizona reported it was Southeast fron then. From the Kirtland tover it was
a bronze coloz.
The time checks,
but from .... Arizona it vas green unci]
it turned
straight down and veered going...
Dr. LaPaz:
Dr. Teller, may I mention this one other instance that shows
maybe why I have more concern than is merited by the evidence I am able to
present.
I deal with Vic Regener and I know that the physicist doesn't 11ke
to vork with anything that can't be photographed. I share that view but a
meteorist is pot available sometines to photograph shooting stars, even the
conventional type. During the war I was acting as Director of the Ohio Section

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 2868, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PEENOMENKA
Page 19
o2 the American Mateor Society and all at once we began to get reports of
lerge numbere of statlonary fireballs; not noving.
The burst ves there, but
no motion.
Now one who observes normal conventional firebsll falls is avare
of the feet that not 1 out of say 500 shows actuel flity; there is elvays
So, this looks very, very strange. Of course, you all know what
those stationary fireballs turned out to be. They were the self-destructive
devices on Japanese paper balloons opersting.
You had s hydrogen filled spheze
with a two-crow mask of magnesium 2lash-11ght powder. And when the magnesium
and the hydrogen went off together, you could pee it for a long way.
We got
stetionery firebells but they certeinly were not meteoritie. My experience
since I we suspected of psychological apparitions at the time I reported these
stationery fireballs to, for example, Dr. Kamplan, my expertence with .... led
me to be very cautious ebout taking my concern .....but at the some time I
teel that we shouldn't be too hasty in giving e natural explenation to these
green 21rebal1s.
De. Teller: .....but I would like to sak, these phenomene ere egparently
quite bright, more luminous than normal meteorites?
DE. IsPer: Well, the Jonuazy 30th oze was; I wouldn't say that about the one
I saw on December 12, That ves every bright fireball, but not extraordinarily
80•
De. Teller: What is the chance of getting pictures?
Dr. LePez: I refer tp the one attempt that was mede on the night of December 19.
set up a photographic petpol - the ASs, as you probably know, has been
interested in this problem. They brought a lot of speed graphies and so on
and set
Mr. Mazerell, a member of the group ...., and they were able,
I thinis the nigat before,
to photograph a bright deminate. But on the night of
the 19th nothing was observed.
the west night, hovever, the night or the 20th
there was an ineident which I bellere might have been photogrophed, but by that
time the equipment had been disbanded and nothing was obteined. I should think,
with proper coverage, say 10 to 15%, of these should record themselves provided
you do not use green insensitive .... and film such as the ....
Dr. Teller:
Is there any possibility of having a wide coverage of the sky
triggered by a photo cell?
De. LaPez: I have discussed thet, for exemple with Dr. Reneger, who bas been
very much interested in the apparatus, and his enswer is more or less in the
negative.
I understand that Cornell. University - Gartline of Cornell - has
produced some sort of photo-eleatric trlggering deviee which has been used in
this connection.
I wrote him about it, asking for regriats or instretions,
but never received a reply.
Question:
Do you
think you are going to find 21lm sensitive to this green
color Last enough?
We have some that can't be left out over 12 hous.....

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PERNOMENA
Page 20
Dr. LaPaz:
It should be possible.....
The conventional meteor cannot be
photographed et the present time.
The so-called meteorschnitts that Harvard
College is now having produced at very great expense, they expect to go down
to the 4th and possibly tatater.
With one of those, & bright green tizeball
night be photographed, but they are not evalleble.
Mr. Wewburger:
Does anybody know 12 there weze any experiments carried out
In Burope, prior to the ver when our last best inforecion came fran over
there, along this 112e?
Dr. LaPez: Not to my knowledge. I raised that question with Dr. Keplan and
he gave me some rather surprising infornation.
Di. Keplan hed attended the
IAU meetings in Syrla? and the Russians had & large representation there.
Sufticiently large, es a matter of fect, to best down the proposal thet the
JAU appoint an internationel committee to investigate the so-called .....
meteorite crater produced in the fell of 1947, Februory 12. On the contrary,
at the Osweld, I think 16 was, conference of the Internations Geophysical
Union, none of the Russian geophysicists vere present.
Kaplan's interprete-
tion was that they feel so far shead of us that they 21an°t think they could
learn anything, and they
vere taking the precaution that no leak occurred.
Mr. Newburger:
Were the Gerans experimenting in any phese that was possibly
connected with it?
Islas: Tell, they had the so-called stations in space
some attachment to it.
might have
Comör. Mandelkorn: You don't have any record of experinents.
Dr. LaPas:
Ho, no knowledge of experiments. ..... I have the beller that no
country in the
world has there been meteorities developed as it has in Buasie
in recent yeazs.
Recently, the Academy of Soleace of the USR has been Issuing
a so-called meteoritic, an extraordinary publication- very little work of the
caliber being done by the Russians has been conducted in the United States.
Apperently, there 1t has big support; here, 1t is on individual matter.
ve had some military interest in meteorities, ve vere never sble to found even
an institute ip meteorities in the United States. The one in New Mexteo 1s an
outgrowth of application of neteoritica to determine, say, ballistic coefficients
for shelle of unconventional design like the prosimity fuze shell with the redio
in its nose, and thst sort of thing.
That's where we got a start.
Apperently,
the Russians got that earlier and have full-fledged state support.
De. Holloway:
Heve you contacted people in the Best?
Dr. IaPoz: Olivia, C. C. OLivia, President of the Anerican Meteor Society,
King, Leonard, Pruttt, Kaplan, etc.
Most of them have been observing:
Kaplen, I Imagine, hes not, beceuse he is now precceppled with laboratory

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3002, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL, PHENOMENA
Page 21
I think that 12 anyone or the UCLA Institute of Geophysics had
been observing, it vould have gotten to Kaplan's ears.....
There are two
great advantages to this area: first, you have clear ales at night and can
observe them as they come dow, and second, (record blank for minute or two.
Dr. Holloway: ..... this was before the var. They had & telephone networks
which covered
a fair section of the Beat there.
... a network so that your
obeervationa ..... I mention this to inåtcate, i don't kaow vhat he is doing
now, but at least they may have a group of people who have been observing.
May not be in a position to ..... green firebells, but they might have seen
Da. LaPez:
My one attempt to contact
**.. and unfortunately I did not
approsch him again for infornation, but someone scquainted with him should
certainly ask 12 they have observed any of this sort of thing there.
Comdr. Mendelior: Well, wouldn't phenomena of this nature have been reported
to the Soclety, no matter where they bad occurred?
De. TePaz: Yes, I would think so. For example, you can consult the so-celled
meteor notes of the Anerican Meteor Society, and populer astronary, they are
publiahed from north to month with the President, C. C. Olivia, Director of
the Florids Observatory at the University of Pennsylvania. I've been through
those very carefully.
There's one single solitary case of a fireball which by
one of the observers - a doubly observed fireball - so it was possible for me
to .... im which one of the observers mentions & green color. Hot this peculiar
yellow-green which most people in thet work find unusual, and in the case of thet
the elevation deterined is of the order of, oh 199 kllometers from the beginning
point and roughly 100 for the end, so I think it is only an ordinary Ptreball;
nothing unusus? about it. That was the only case I found.
Comdr. Mandelksorn:
According to recent records, where the observation condi-
tone in other parts of the country satistactory? At least part of the time?
De. LaPaz;
Well, I infer from the fact that ve have had so much trouble out
here and the feet has been bragging about its climatic edvantages, that probably
during the recent month, they have had good observancy. I haven't attempted a
full scale check on that.
Conde. Mandelkorn: Let's put it this way then: Have theze been a surricient
number of fireballs reported in the last. 60 days in other parce of the country
to lead us to infer that had some of these occurred, they would have been
reported?
De. LaPaz:
I think that detinitely is true.
To ay knowledge, as fer as the
contacts I've had with Olivia and so on, there was nothing out of the normel
noticed in the East, and in the South, shall we say as fer up so White Sends.
Whether the Barvard
Observatory setup observed anything peculiar or not, I
don't know.
we tried right away to get thst inforation.
We vere told by
the gentleman in charge down there, I'm sure this will be interest to you, thet

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2136, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHENOMENA
Page 22
it was impossible to moke an estimete of the approximate vave and engstroms
vithout detailed spectroscople equipment, which he td not possess.
whether the Captain actually cut out the spectrun charts and sent them to
him or not, I don't know, but it was considered.
Di. Bredbury: Well, we're not coning up with eny bright ideas for you very
test.
Mr. Newburger: No, but es long as we have the problem presented to you, maybe
by thinking on this, you will come up with an ides!.....
Of course, you know
our entire connection
with started with Madelyn Gwynn Mercent back in 1946:
De. Iales: Except for the flying disce, nothing that you could sey would cause
me greater embarrassment!
I have actually bad communleations from Medelyn
myself.
De. Teller:
Your statement of the absence of sound when this thing has gone
apparently overhead at the distance of 10 miles, within earshot of people.
LaPez: That seems incomprehensible, doesn't it, De. Teller? I'm glad to
hear you say that because that has been my feeling from the beginning. And
we tried desperately to get confirming evidence whenever sounds vere men-
tioned. o reports pave been obtained.
Dr. Teller: I must sey thet the admiesion in which one could get ....
typical
phenomenon is something in the light of •...
Dr. IaPaz: Kaplan told me he was going to get out one of his old blow pressure
tubes and begin experimenting as soon as he returned from the UCIA, to see 12
he could duplicate in any way the descriptions we have given him.
De. Hollovey: What sound does a P-2 make when it goes overhead?
Dr. LaPa: I can tell you want they make waen they come down.
Condr. Mandelkorn: I can tell you what they malte when they go overhead at
the beight of about 1,000 yarda.
But anything man-made that passes overhead
at the height of 8-10 miles, st this speed, could be inaudible.
Dr. Teller: You think It could be?
Condr. Mendelkorn: I think it could be. The only •
Dr. Teller: Even 12 it went at the speed of 10 miles per second?
Condr. Mandelkorn:
Well,
De. Teller: You see, st that time, the
begins to come up.
Dr. LePse: You bet it does.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2068, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PRONOMENA
Page 23
Dr. Bradoury: ...••
De. Teller: You have to get & shock vave out of it. With a very small object
the shock wave would be emaller then .... I have not made calculations on it,
but 1t°s just common sense ....•
Dx. LaPez: I would 11ke to ask a question. Ien't it true in the case of the
so-called light movement that you have very intense, luminous effects off them
without noise?
(talk betveen Drs. Bradbury and lalas too fast and too jumbled to
be transoribed.)
Comde, Mandelkora:
From what Dr. Teller said apparently a solid object con-
verging
atmosphere horizontally at about 8 to 20 miles altitude, 16's
Incredible that it wouldn't be accompanied by some sort of sonie phenomenon.
I would like to repeat that to try to get an estimate of the size
that it would have to have in order to get sound effects, is
not an essy thing, but offhand I would say - this is wist I would expect - thet
you get & very small object, as anall as an inch or smaller.
De. JaPaz:
De. Teller: IS I resember correctly, the intensity, the amount of energy thet
goes into a shock vave is proportional to the square of the velocity. The
velocity that you have here proportional to the square of the velocity and,
of course, is proportional I should think probably to the square of the linear
dimensions of the object that you have. How you have 10 miles per second ...
velocity you have 20 miles per second,
so this could be, on that count, ten
times fainter - the sound would be ten times fainter.
On the otber hand, e
meteorite that you will hear, I thial, •.... thet mich across d....
(too much cross talle)
Dr. Teller: That is something we could do right away.
How I do not know,
tried to get from you intomation on brightness, but I vould like to eat again
some details .....
Dr. LaPaz: The brightest meteorite 2al1 in history, of which we have
historical record, ves the ••.
tell In 1908, Juge 20
tie 11gent power, of that was of the arder of 1018 - 1019 ere per deside power,
the case of the Texas fall it was probably npt 100,000th as bright.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1615, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conference on AERIAL PHITOMENA
Page 24
De. Teller: Nor let's try to get a check of this.
(Dr. Teller then spent approximately the next twenty minutes or so
figuring on the blackboard - estimating 11ght, speed, kinetle energy,
ebock wave, etc.)
Dr. Teller: If I can Just believe everything I have heard and put it together
with what I theoretically believe in, It ought to be e materiel body - might
be an electron phenomenon.
Dr. LaPaz: You see why I'm puzzled, Dr. Teller.
Nothing like this, to my
knowledge, has ever been observed in the case of meteorite drops.
Dr. Teller: If you go to a group like UCIA or some other place where they
have a good sound leboratory, they ought to be able to take the absence of
sound observations - that is definitely incompatible, assuming that you know
that there are ... end assuming that they have heard no sound from this, they
ought to be able to work an upper range upon the sight of the object which has
been moving, and fron these figures I would be inclined to belleve the object
could probably not have a heat of something 11ke 1 cubie centimeter. One
centimeter in dimension, and that in turn would not have given the blinding
effect, if it vas a material object.
De. Bredbury:
Wait a minute, I think you've left out something in light
effects - you don't have to worry about kinetic energy. You can get your
11ght from chemicals as well.
Dr. Teller: That is correct.
Mr. Newburger: This seems to wind up the meeting.
Dr. Bradbury:
Still don't feel that the meteor stuff is out. The puzzling
thing 1e the long horizontal path; also, absence of noise 1s puzzling.
hgc
