{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T13:05:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 34, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 15099002, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-04/documents/dow-uap-d094-analysis-of-flying-object-incidents-in-the-us-1949.pdf", "source_sha256": "59a30983288868000d7c82bf863a2af475834ad14b984fbe9e4b8bd521aaa1cb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 76, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
2- 734/
DECLASSIFIED
Authority:
NND 857011
TW 912EE
1001a:04 749006
Pade il

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 280, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
2.7341
HEADQUARTERS
USAF
AIR
INTELLIGBNCE
REPORT
2 8 APR 1949
DATE
NO.
100-803-29
CY. NO/D2. 0F10 3
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.
HE INA DRESS
* MUT SANS DIA 32/85
CONTENT AF Cy 102
1º 6637
"224y"
NW S13EG
Docil 04749006 Page 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 430, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOP SECRET
89A
LOAN DOCUMENT
T/S CONTROL NO
2-7341
OFFICE TO WHICH LOANED
- AFOIN-2A
DATE DUE IN AFOIN-C/DD 8 July 1952
PLEASE RETURN THIS DOCUMENT ON DATE SPECIFIED ABOVE TO APOIN-C/DD, ROOM
NO. 50116 ATTENTION: -TOP SECRET CONTROL OFFICER
When the attached document 1a withdrawn
the classification of thia shoet •111 be
changed to UNCLASSIFIED in accordance
*ith PAR 25c, AFR205-10
598
TOP SECRET
NW 911326
Dadd 04749006 Page b

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Air Intelligence Report No. 100-203-79
ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U.S
Air Intelligence Division Study No. 208
10 December 1948
Directorate of Intelligence and Office of Naval Intelligence
DISTRIBUTION "C"
WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States
within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C., 31 and 32, as amended.
Its transmission or
the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.
Reproduction of the intelligence in this publication, under the provisions of Army Regulation
380-5, is authorized for United States military agencies provided the source is indicated.
Directorate of Intelligence
Headquarters United States Air Force
Office of Naval Intelligence
Navy Department
Washington, D. C.
DECLASSIFIED
Authony AF INA Memo 5101 85
3.. бобт
NW 911376
Doch 04749006 Page 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 670, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
70P SEGRET
ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. S
INDEX
SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS
APPENDIX "A" - ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. S.
AND HYPOTHETICAL TACTICS EMPLOYED
Introduction ... •
Some Aspects Regarding Flying Object Incidents
Possible Origin of Unusual Flying Objects
Possible Reasons or Tactics for the Use of Soviet
Unconventional Aircraft Over the U.S.
Conclusion
APPENDIX "B"
- REPORTED SIGHTINGS OF FLYING OBJECTS AS OF
I AUGUST 1948
APPENDIX "C" - SELECTED REPORTS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS
APPENDIX "D" - FLYING WING TYPE AIRCRAFT
Germany
Great Britain
United States
- 1 -
IOP SECRET
NW 91376
Doed 24749006
Page 5
Page
1
4
5
6
17
7
21

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 3081, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
70P
SECREI
ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. S
SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS
PROBLEM
1. TO EXAMINE pattern of tactics of "Flying Saucers" (hereinafter referred to as flying objects)
and to develop conclusions as to the possibility of existence.
FACTS AND DISCUSSION
2. A DETAILED discussion of information bearing on the problem as set forth above is attached
as Appendix "A"
• The main points established therein are summarized below.
Among the observers reporting on such incidents are trained and experienced U.S. Weather Bureau
personnel, USAF rated officers, experienced civilian pilots, technicians assoclated with various re-
search projects and technicians employed by commercial airlines.
4. THE POSSIBILITY that reported observations of flying objects over the U.S. were influenced by
previous sightings of unidentified phenomena in Europe, particularly over Scandinavia in 1946, and
that the observers reporting such incidents may have been interested in obtaining personal publicity
have been considered as possible explanations. However, these possibilities seem to be Improbable
when certain selected reports such as the one from U.S. Weather Bureau at Richmond are examined.
During observations of weather balloons at the Richmond Bureau, one well trained observer has
sighted strange metallic disks on three occasions and another observer has sighted a similar object
on one occasion.
The last observation of unidentified objects was in April, 1947. On all four occa-
sions the weather balloon and the unidentified objects were in view through the theodolite. These
observations at the Richmond Bureau occurred several months before publicity on the flying saucers
appeared in a U.S. newspaper.
5. DESCRIPTIONS OF the flying objects fall into three configuration categories: (1) disk-shaped
(2) rough cigar-shaped (3) balls of fire. Varying conditions of visibility and differences in angles
at which the objects may have been viewed introduces a possibility that a single type object may
have been observed rather than three different types.
This possibility is further substantiated by
the fact that in the areas where such objects have been observed the ratio of the three general
configurations is approximately the same.
6. THEREFORE, IT appears that some object has been seen; however, the identification of that
object cannot be readily, accomplished on the basis of information reported on each incident.
is possible that the object, or objects, may have been domestically launched devices such as weather
balloons, rockets, experimental ilying wing aircratt, or celestial phenomena. It is necessary to
obtain information on such domestic activity to confirm or deny this possibility. Depending upon
the degree with which this may be accomplished, foreign devices must then be considered as a
possibility.
7. THE PATTERN of sightings is definable. Sightings have been most intense throughout the states
bordering the Atlantic and Pacific coast lines, and the central states of Ohio and Kentucky. A map
TOP SECRET
- 1 -
NW 911376
Doold: 4749006 Page 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3590, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOP SE
8. THE ORIGIN of the devices is not ascertainable. There are two reasonable possibilities:
(1) The objects are domestic devices, and if so, their identification or origin can be established
by a survey of all launchings of airborne objects.
Domestic flying wing type aircraft observed
in various aspects of flight might be responsible for some of the reported ilying objects, particu-
larly those described as disks and rough cigar shapes. (See Appendices "C" and "D".)
those which have been operational in recent years are the XF5U-1 (Flying Flapjack"') developed
by Chance-Vaught, the Northrup B-35, and the turbo-jet powered Northrup YB-49. The present
existence of any privately developed flying-wing type aircraft has not been determined but one
such aircraft, the Arup tailless monoplane, was operational at South Bend, Indiana, prior to 1935.
(2) Objects are foreign, and if so, it would seem most logical to consider that they are from a
Soviet source.
The Soviets possess information on a number of German flying-wing type aircraft
such as the Gotha P60A, Junkers EF 130 long-range, high-speed jet bomber and the Horten 229
which particularly resembles some of the description of unidentitled ilying objects
(See Appendix
wing design, which was the outcome of considerable Soviet experimentation with gliders of the
same general form. Soviet aircraft based on such designs might have speeds approaching trans-
sonic speeds attributed to some flying objects or greater over-all performance assuming the
successful development of some unusual propulsion device such as atomic energy engine.
9. THAT THE Soviets have a current interest in flying-wing type aircraft is suggested by their
utilization of Dr. Guenther Bock who, at the end of World War II, was in charge of the flying-
wing program in Germany (See Appendix "A", paragraph 3, page 4). Achievements satisfactory
to the U.S.S.R. are indirectly indicated by the personal recognition he is reported to be receiving
In the U.S.S.R. Recently it has been reported that the U.S.S.R. is planning to build a fleet of
1,800 Horten flying-wing aircraft.
regiment of jet night fighters, Model Horten XIII, is at Kuzmikha, an air base two miles south-
west of Irkutsk. Kuzmikha is identified as one of a number of airfields for the protection of an
atomic energy plant at Irkutsk. The Horten XIII as developed by Germany was a glider.
10. ASSUMING THAT the objects might eventually be identified as foreign or foreign-sponsored
devices, the possible reason for their appearance over the U.S. requires consideration. Several
possible explanations appear noteworthy, viz:
a. To negate U.S. confidence in the atom bomb as the most advanced and decisive weapon
in wartare.
b. To perform photographic reconnaissance missions.
c. To test U. S. air defenses.
d. To conduct familiarization flights over U.S. territory.
CONCLUSIONS
11. SINCE the Air Force is responsible for control of the air in the defense of the U.S., it is
imperative that all other agencies cooperate in confirming or denying the possibility that these
objects have a domestic origin. Otherwise, if it is firmly indicated that there is no domestic
explanation, the objects are a threat and warrant more active efforts of identification and inter-
12. IT MUST be accepted that some type of flying objects have been observed, although their
identification and origin are not discernable. In the interest of national defense it would be
unwise to overlook the possibility that some of these objects may be of foreign origin.
- 2 -
TOP SE
NW 911376
Dool: 4749006 Page 7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 558, "chars": 3703, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOP SECRET
APPENDIX "A"
ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U.S.
AND HYPOTHETICAL TACTICS EMPLOYED
1. INTRODUCTION. To formulate the possible tacties of flying objects reported over the U.S.
assumes from the outset that firm conclusions have been reached on both the existence and origin
of the reported flying objects.
The current status of information on such incidents and over-all
analysis does not allow substantiation for such conclusions. However, the lack of such firm con-
clusions points to the necessity for an immediate and sound statistical analysis of every aspect of
the situation and does not preclude a concurrent examination of the reported incidents to develop
explanations of their possible tactics.
The latter will be useful at some future date should the
existence and origin of the flying objects be definitely established. Therefore, the following analy-
sis of available information is advanced in order to present evidence on the actual existence of
some type flying object and to relate same to tactical purposes for which the objects are possibly
The following discussion must be considered a provisional analysis, pending a further
detailed analysis of all aspects of the problem.
2. SOME ASPECTS REGARDING FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS. A cursory examination of evidence
on reported incidents has been made and it is possible to cite certain generalities which it appears
Among the incidents reported there are many statements by reliable and experienced persons
which tend to confirm that flying objects have been seen.
The description of such objects seems
to fall roughly into three categories: (1) Silver disks or balls, approximating a Horten wing type
aircraft; (2) Balls of fire of various colors and intensities; (3) Cigar or pencil-shaped objects
similar in appearance to V-2 type rockets in horizontal flight. The numbers of configurations
might be further reduced with the following considerations in mind: Silver disks or balls have,
for the greater part, been observed in daylight and a number under clear weather conditions with
visibility unlimited.
In most instances, balls of fire have been observed at night.
pencil-shaped objects have been sighted in fewer numbers but with about equal distribution in
daylight and at night. A few accounts tell of the disks having a rough cigar-shape when viewed
while maneuvering.
Some of the disks are described as having luminosity in daylight. It there-
fore is possible that a single type of object may be involved in all sightings, and differences in
description may result from viewing the objects at various angles and under differing conditions
of visibility.
The above tends to indicate that some type object has been seen and the possibility exists
that the object or objects seen are conventional domestic devices, such as weather balloons, test
rockets, or jet-equipped aircraft with pancake or ilying wing configurations.
The possibility exists that the reporting of flying objects may have been influenced by earlier
reports on similar incidents in Scandinavia and Central Europe.
The publication in newspaper of
details on such incidents, both foreign and domestic, may have induced some of the description
provided in reported domestic incidents. However, one of the earliest reported sightings in the
U.S. was the one observed by U.S. Weather Bureau personnel in April 1947, at Richmond, Virginia,
and on the basis of this one report it appears that the disks are not balloons. It would seem that
this sighting was not influenced by the reports of foreign incidents, the newspaper accounts of
domestic incidents, nor by misidentification of a conventional object.
- 3-
NW 911376
Dodld 34749006 Page 8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 721, "chars": 4715, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOP SECRET
Although reported domestic incidents are widely scattered throughout the U.S., frequency of
sighting and number of observers per sighting assumes a definable pattern. There is a large con-
centration of sightings along the Eastern Seaboard; another large concentration throughout the
Western Coast states, and a few sightings in the Middle West. Distribution of incidents by con-
figuration of object and description of maneuverability is approximately equal in each of these
areas and this is believed to further substantiate the possibility that one type of object might have
been observed in different aspects of flight.
if sightings are induced by rumor, it seems unusual that more incidents have not been reported
from the areas with high concentration of population.
Reports from such areas would also have
greater facility in channeling either to newspaper or official reporting agencies. For the most part,
sightings have been made in fairly open country where there are few restrictions to visibility, which
may indicate that obstructed vision has reduced sightings in built-up areas.
It therefore seems that some type of flying object has been observed; the identification of
its origin requires the competion of other analyses.
3. POSSIBLE ORIGIN OF UNUSUAL FLYING OBJECTS. Provided, upon the completion of analyses,
it is indicated that some or all of the reported flying objects over the U.S. are of foreign origin,
the objects could from a logical viewpoint, be considered Soviet.
ance characteristics attributed to the unidentified objects at this time that if they are foreign, they
involve efficiencies of performance which have not been realized in any operational airborne device
in this country.
It would, therefore, be a mistake to analyze the technical aspects of the situation
within the limits of our own knowledge of practical developments.
then the outer limits of possible Soviet developments and objectives in attempting to formulate some
idea of the tactics which might be involved.
First of all, the scientific objectives of the U.S.S.R. have been stated many times and indicated
in many forms.
The most clearcut statement of this objective is probably the one contalned in the
preamble to the Fourth Five-year Plan (1946-1950) which states that the objective of Soviet science
is to overtake and surpass the scientific and technical developments of the capitalist nations. It
apparently would be an impossible task for the Soviet Union to accomplish such an objective by pro-
ceeding step-by-step along the same lines of development already achieved in the capitalist nations.
This would mean that it would be necessary to rapidly proceed through each phase of aeronautical
development that has already been accomplished in this country, and this probably would never have
any prospects of accelerating Soviet development beyond any point reached by the U.S.
The obvious
answer to accomplish their objective of not only overtaking, but surpassing the capitalist countries
would be a scientific shortcut.
This possibility is not so remote when examined on the basis of
our knowledge of the current situation in the U.S.S.R. Provided Soviet emphasis was given to the
most promising and advanced ideas acquired from Germany in 1945 and the work aided by German
scientists, the possibility of catching up and possibly surpassing other nations in technical develop-
ments becomes more realistic. It becomes even more realistic if the Soviets have shown a tendency
to concentrate on certain developments which have still not received a maximum of priority in our
own programs.
It is known that the U.S.S.R. has since 1945 enlisted the services of Dr. Guenther Bock, a
German who headed all development of low aspect ratio (flying wing) type aircraft in Germany.
Dr. Bock is believed to be the top German scientist in charge at TSAGI and TSIAM which are
"Air Materiel Command" type organizations in the U.S.S.R. Further, it is believed that Dr. Bock
has made available all German plans for flying wing type aircraft to the Soviets. Among the de-
signs considered by the Germans and possibly exploited by the U.S.S.R., are jet-propelled, flying
wing type aircraft whose configuration would be similar to descriptions of certain objects reported
flying over the U.S.
The estimated speeds of such aircraft are within range of the lower limits
of speed attributed to flying objects over the U.S. It is not impossible that emphasis on surpassing
foreign developments has led to unusual progress in fuels and propulsion by the U.S.S.R. In con-
nection with possible advancements in the field of fuels and propulsion, it should be observed that
- 4 -
30P BE
NISHAB
Douldi34749006 Pane 9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 723, "chars": 4734, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOR GEORET
the Russian oil situation (regardless of estimated oil reserves) is quite different from that in the
U.S. For example, U.S. oil industry is prepared to turn out tremendous quantities of highly frac-
tionated petroleum products, while the U.S.S.R. cannot reasonably approach such capabilities.
consideration dictates different solutions on fuels for propulsion in the two countries and in turn,
dictates the direction taken in development of jet motors or the use of other propulsive devices.
We must therefore, arrive at the conclusion that any Soviet device which may have made its
appearance over the U.S. as described, would possess unusual performance characteristics which,
in all probability, would include unusual range.
The possibility that they could have been launched
at fairly close range should not be discarded.
4. POSSIBLE REASONS OR TACTICS FOR THE USE OF SOVIET UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
OVER THE U.S. Predicated on all the foregoing assumptions, Soviet unconventional aircraft may
have been flown over the U.S. for one, all, or a combination of the following reasons:
a. TO NEGATE U.S. CONFIDENCE IN ATOM BOMB AS THE MOST ADVANCED AND DECISIVE
WEAPON. If the objects have been used in a propaganda sense, it would be reasonable to assume
that the Soviets would choose first to frighten pro-American nations in Europe with the appearance
of a radically new weapon to counteract the ability of the U.S. to obtain full propaganda effective-
ness with the atom bomb. It will be remembered that strange objects first appeared over the
Scandinavian countries in 1946.
The objects observed there had unusual range and unusual per-
formance characteristics.
As this demonstration over the Scandinavian countries occurred the
U.S. was making a vigorous campaign for the economic and political alignment of these nations
with other pro-American Western European nations.
When these incidents subsided, strange flying
rate over the U.S. The conclusion on this point is
that flying objects may have been used to frighten both European nations and the U.S. by the appear-
ance of a new device, and that failure to identify such a Soviet object would give them invaluable
Except for this indication, it is
believed that the use of the objects to promote fear has been worthless in that the U.S. public has
tended to characterize these incidents entirely as hallucinations by "crack pots"
, misidentification
of conventional objects, or that they represent a secret American project which should not be puo-
licized. Any fear that might result from Soviet use will come only by a discovery that the objects
have been Soviet aircratt and that they involve radical developments which are in advance of our
b. FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC RECONNAISSANCE. It is possible that the Soviets have employed the
flying objects for the collection of photographic intelligence or the mapping of certain areas in the
The evasive action employed by all objects sighted indicates not so much an attempt to avoid
being sighted, as an attempt to prevent disclosure of the exact type of flying craft and its mission.
The sighting of objects over the U.S. has been most intense in Eastern and Western Coastal States.
In addition, sightings of flying objects have been made near Oak Ridge, Tenn., Las Cruces, N. M.,
and in the general area of the Hanford Works in Oregon.
Generally, sightings have not been made
over what we consider strategic industrial areas.
The reason for this. might be either that the
flying objects have been observed only enroute to or from missions over these more concentrated
strategic areas, or that the Soviets obtained sufficient information during their World War II liaison
with U.S. industry to satisfy their intelligence requirements and have a more active requirement
for information on industries and areas which were not available to them during World War II con-
This is of interest in connection with the sightings near Oak Ridge, Las Cruces, and in the
general area of the Hanford Works since these establishments were not, and are not, accessible to
Soviet collectors of photographic intelligence.
c. TEST OF U.S. DEFENSES. It is possible that the use of Soviet flying objects over the U.S.
is intended only to determine the ability of the U.S. defenses to spot foreign aircraft.
be of extreme importance to the U.S.S.R. in the event that a one-way all-out attack of Soviet strate-
gic bombers is planned.
Ability to operate over the U.S. uninhibited at a time when the U. S. is
supposedly re-arming and putting great stress on defenses would provide valuable information on
which to base estimates for probability of success in bombing strategic objectives in the U.S.
TOP
- 5 -
NW 91137 B
Dold 4749006 Page 10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1405, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOR GEGRET
d. FAMILIARIZATION FLIGHTS OVER U.S. TERRITORY.
This possible reason is perhaps the
most Improbable. It is assumed that, should this purpose be involved, other purposes are prob-
ably also accomplished in its execution. Provided the U.S.S.R. has unusually high performance
aircraft they might tind it advantageous to tamiliarize themselves with the topography of the U.S.
in anticipation of future combat missions to strategic targets.
5. CONCLUSION. The conclusion that some type of flying object has been observed over the U.S.
seems to be substantiated. It is not known at this time whether these observations are misidentifi-
cations of domestically launched devices, natural phenomena, or foreign unconventional aircraft. It
is, therefore, impossible to make any reliable explanation for their appearance over the U.S. or the
tactics which they may employ it the objects observed include any foreign developments in aero-
nautical fields. It is likewise impossible at this time to contain discussions of possible perform-
ance characteristics or tactics within limits of practical reason, if for no other reason than the
fact that proof of the existence of a foreign development of this type would necessarily introduce
considerations of new principals and means not yet considered practical possibilities in our own
research and development.
- в -
TOR SE
NV 11306
Dodot 84749006 Page 1il

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 83, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
: rs reds eee

See foe teenie

feat eget pata
Gs

ae
etree
we
ee

Be ei aatinnrtt

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 3040, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEORET
APPENDIX "C"
SELECTED REPORTS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS
1. A NUMBER of reports on unidentified flying objects come from observers who, because of their
technical background and experience do not appear to be influenced by unfounded sensationalism nor
inclined to report explainable phenomena as new types of airborne devices. Some of the detalls of
their reports are presented in this appendix, along with those from possibly less reliable sources
who have reported evidence which is of such a nature that it cannot be entirely ignored.
2. DESCRIPTIONS OF significant incidents, arranged chronologically, follow:
a. During April 1947, two employees of the Weather Bureau Station at Richmond, Virginia re-
ported seeing a strange metallic disk on three occasions through the theodolite while making PIBAL
observations.
One observation was at 15,000 feet when a disk was followed for 15 seconds.
disk appeared metallic, shaped something like an ellipse with a flat bottom and a round top.
appeared below the balloon and was much larger in size.
The disk appeared to be moving rather
rapidly, although it was impossible to estimate its speed. The other observations were made at
27,000 feet in like manner.
b. The following month, Byron B. Savage, a field engineer for Radio Corporation of America,
reported a disk flying near his home in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The object was thought to be
at an altitude between 10,000 feet and 18,000 feet, and was moving toward the north at a high rate
of speed, leaving no trailing effects.
c. While flying at 10,000 feet on a course of 300 degrees, 30 miles northwest of Lake Meade,
Nevada, an Air Force lieutenant reported seeing tive or six white circular objects in close forma-
tion and traveling at an estimated speed of 285 miles per hour. This sighting occurred on 28 June
d. The following day a party of three, two of them scientists, were motoring along Highway 17
toward the White Sand, New Mexico, V-2 firing grounds and reported seeing a large disk or sphere
moving horizontally at a high speed and an estimated altitude of 10,000 feet. It was of uniform
shape and had no protruding surfaces such as wings.
The object was in sight for about 60 seconds
before it disappeared to the northeast.
The three observers agreed on the details of the sighting
except that one thought he had seen vapor trails.
e. On 7 July 1947, five Portland, Oregon police officers reported varying numbers of disks fly-
ing over different parts of the city. All observations were made within a minute or two of 1305
hours.
f. On the same day, William Rhoads of Phoenix, Arizona allegedly saw a disk circling his
locality during sunset and took two photographs.
The resulting pictures (page 9) show a disk-like
object with a round front and a square tail in plan form. These photographs have been examined
by experts who state they are true photographic images and do not appear to be imperfection in
the emulsion or imperfections in the lens. (See Figs. 1, 2, 3 and 4)
- 8.-
NW 9137G
Dool: 4749006 Page 1%

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 140, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEARET
ORIGINALE PHOTOGRAPHS EV ME. RHOADS
г4921A C
Fig. 1
Fig. 2
ENLARGEMENTS OF ORIGINAL PHOTOGRAPHS
Pig. 3
Fle. 4
NATE DadA 49005 Rage 1

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 556, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEGRET
e. On 10 July 1947, Mr. Woodruf, a Pan-Amerlean Airways mechanic reported a circular object
flying at bigh velocity, paralleling the earth's surface and leaving a trail which appeared as a
"burning up of the cloud formation
The sighting occurred near Harmon Field, Newfoundland:
Two other persons also saw the trail which remained in the sky for about an hour and was photo-
graphed by another PAA employee. The resulting photographs support Mr. Woodrutt's observation
as far as the aky cleavage is concerned See Figs. 5 and 6.)
Fig. 5
- 10%
SECRET

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1077, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
Lie. 0
h. On 20 July 1847, Kenneth Arnold, while flying near Tacoma, Washington, reported a formation
of tying objects.
His sketch of their shape corresponde closoly to that shown in the photographs
made by Mr. Rhoads.
On the same day, two U.S. Alr Force pilote at Harliton Fleld reported
two flying disks tralling a P-80, following It toward Oakland, California.
1. On 4 August 1947, the pilot and co-pilot of a DO-s, flying for one Al Jones, near Bethel,
Alaska, reported a flying disk larger than their alreratt.
This disk crossed their path at about
1,000 feet and they turned to give chase. The DO-S wan flying at 170 mph, but the disk tlew out
of sicht in four minutes.
J. On 12 November 1947, two flying disks tralling let-llke streams of tire were reportedly
eighted from the bridge of the tanker Ticonderoga, according to the second oilicer.
The Tleonderoga
was 20 milea off the Oregon shore.
This officer sald the disks were in sight 45 seconds, moving
at a speed estimated at 700-000 mph, curvine in a lone, low are.
SECRET
- 11 -
ww1l-16 Nadld44749006 Raged

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3824, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EARET
k. On 7 January 1948, a National Guard pilot was killed while attempting to chase an unidentified
object up to 30,000 feet.
While it is presumed that this pilot suffered anoxia, resulting in his crash,
his last message to the tower was,
"it appears to be metallic object...of tremendous size....directly
ahead and slightly above....I am trying to close for a better book."
1. On 5 April 1948, three trained balloon observers from the Geophysics Laboratory Section,
Warce Base, New Mext: I was very high and fast, and appeared to ekete violent maneuvers.
at high speed. The object was under observation for approximately 30 seconds and disappeared
m. A yellow or light colored sphere, 25 to 40 feet in diameter was reported by Lt. Comdr.
Marcus L. Lowe, USN, just south of Anacostia Naval Air Station, D.C., while he was flying on
30 April 1948.
It was moving at a speed of approximately 100 miles per hour at an altitude of
about 4,500 feet. Although winds aloft were from the north-northwest, its course was to the
n. On 1 July 1948, twelve disks were reported over the Rapid City Air Base by Major Hammer.
These disks were oval-shaped, about 100 feet long, flying at a speed estimated to be in excess of
500 mph. Descending from 10,000 teet, these disks made a 30-degree to 40-degree climbing turn
accelerating very rapidly until out of sight.
o. On 17 July 1948, a report from Kirtland Air Force Base describes a sighting in the vieinity
of San Acacia, New Mexico, of seven unidentified objects flying in a "j" formation at an estimated
height of 20,000 feet above
the terrain. The formation varied from "J" to "L" to circle after
passing the zenith. Flashes from the objects were observed after passing 30 degrees beyond the
zenith but there was no smoke or vapor trail.
If the reported altitude is correct the speed was
estimated at 1,500 miles per hour, according to the report.
P. (1) on sighing of er 1947, the allo, and co-han die Pan en an oreat, en route from
Midway to Honolulu, saw a blue-white light approaching, changing to twin reddish glows upon
withdrawal. The pilot estimated the speed of the light at about 1,000 knots.
(4) On 15 June 1948, Mr. Booneville, territory manager for the B.F. Goodrich Company,
zlowine light made no sound.
flew from noth to south several times in a wide arc, finally disappearing over the horizon.
q. During the early morning of 25 July 1948, two Eastern Airlines pilots reported having seen
a huge flying craft similar to a V-2 pass their aircraft in flight.
(See Figs. 7 and 8) The
attached drawings made by these two observers very closely resemble a flying object reported to
have been seen on 20 July 1948, by A. D. Otter, chief investigator of Court of Damage Inquiry, and
his daughter at Arnham, Netherlands. This object appeared to be a wingless aircraft having two
The craft, sighted four times through scattered clouds and unlimited visibility, was travel-
ing at high speed at a high altitude. A sound similar to that made by a V-2 was reported.
r. An object, similar in shape to the one in the preceding incident was reported by an experienced
American newspaper reporter about 25 kilometers northeast of Moscow on 3 August 1948. A Russian
acquaintance identified it as a rigid airship but the reporter disagrees because it flew at a high, but
s. On 1 October 1948 at approximately 2030 hours the pilot of a F-51 aircraft, 2nd Lt. George
F. Gorman North Dakota Air National Guard), flying near Fargo, North Dakota, sighted an inter-
mittent white light about 3,000 feet below his 4,500 feet cruising altitude.
Light which appeared to then take evasive tactics. The object or light out-turned, out-speeded, and
out-climbed the F-51 in every instance during the attempt to intercept. The pilot lost contact 27
- 12 -
• SECRET
NW 911876
Docol 34749006 Page 17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 742, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
es
ie

i ee peat

ef i ah,

Sear source

ree
pa

eae

cee ze Z "4 pet een! Bare cies i on APART eee

Bee Hn ay Suan Sse ecu tne pneeaioes aor fc i ee ie tsar
ieee = Soe % i i pereeeS oer if ee

: Raper
: setainee one se aaa Petia ss a rete seaman :
eatin atte deinen eden : oe = cans
ES aati oC ee eee ee Pees
SeEgR EET, ee SoS Renae fe SS ene ee i me ‘ ie fe ee
oe ee
: S es Seine
: By Perret Benen
ipnnerer tee

is

Bere Speen

pet Ce
meee, ie i
ae

.

i ane
Piatti Pesta a 2

=
e
Be

<

:
s

Eos
: a Vie ee "
LD

fe zs H ete Seivions cote i Tey

: : Sees = See = ee a : = ee ee cece
: saris eae See sie nee

eer Heaeniii ape 2 ed LER Rien oh ee etna Stearate

: Etat phe

:

ae Stone
eae EEE inca Eas
Yo : 7

ee

a
oe ceekeet
pepe

ee Ae

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 412, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Se Co 2 hrrr—eO 2 ee
Senda FS EEY Eevee TSR RR f ef “ i é ‘ nee fs ¥ : i i é ae
SPE Be reir net iets nee

4 ee
eae a ara
Es
Serene
critic tearene tar
sh eat :

hearse

aay Nes wo

Sehtedaeictient

REA ee 2 : 3
ree : teeter eee eee

SEES pea eneeee)

JERR irene neat a :

ATER ia acl arint tata cent estes pa caer i
nat ee ere ae

eed
nt

2.

Pension
Rae ibar teeter

fe

Soe cae

Snererrare ere ae
A ad poaeene

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 662, "chars": 4273, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOLERET
minutes after the initial sighting. The same light was observed by three other witnesses from the
ground: Mr. L. D. Jensen, Air Traffic Controller,
Mr. Manuel E. Johnson, Assistant Traffic Con-
troller, and Dr. L. N. Cannon, Oculist. A comparison of all testimony revealed that one object
was sighted and that it consisted only of a small round ball of clear white light with no apparent
shape attached. It was about 6 to 8 inches in diamter.
At times it traveled faster than the F-51
and performed maneuvers in an evasive manner.
When first sighted the ball of light was travel-
ing at an estimated 250 miles per hour. Under this condition, the light was not continuous but
blinked off and on.
At high performance the white light was continuous.
Subsequent investigation
eliminated the possibility that this incident may have been another aircraft or a meteorological
balloon.
t. On 18 November 1948 at approximately 2145 hours, three reserve pilots, 2nd Lt. Kenwood
W. Jackson, 2nd Lt. Glen L. Stalker,
and 2nd Lt. Henry G. Combs, flying near Andrews Field,
Maryland, encountered an unidentified flying object.
When first sighted, it appeared to be lighted
and flying at about 1,700 feet.
Three or four passes were made in an attempt to identity it.
pilot of the aircraft stated that while diving his aircraft at approximately 240 miles per hour, the
object would climb vertically and then would drop below the aircraft from behind and continue to
On the last pass, the landing light was switched on and momentarily a dull gray glow
from the object was observed. Lt. Combs stated he maintained contact for about ten minutes with
the object flying between the lights of Washington, D. C. and his aircraft. All that could be
observed was an oblong ball with one light, no wings and no exhaust flame. It finally made a
very tight turn and headed toward the east coast at an estimated 500 to 600 miles per hour.
At
the same time Statf Sergeant John J. Kushner observed from the ground an unusual object in the
air over Andrews Field. He stated that it was not very high and that it did not look like an
3. REPORTS OF radar intercepts point to unusual air activity which may be related to flying
objects.
a. On 1 July 1947, a GCA radar at Hokkaido, Japan picked up an unidentified target at 16 miles,
with a speed in excess of 500 mph. This target split into two targets, each estimated to be larger
than a P-51.
b. On 16 September 1947, an MEW radar at Fukuoka, Japan, picked up a target at 89 miles and
trailed it to 19 miles, where it faded. Speed was 840-900 mph.
by a good crew through a 70-mile track, is believed accurate.
4. Investigations conducted by Headquarters, Air Materiel Command, have definitely established
the identification of 18 of approximately 210 so-called flying saucers which have been reported.
Approximately nine percent of the total number of incidents are, therefore, eliminated from
further specific consideration.
two were from unreliable witnesses.
actually seen but investigation has shown that they were celestial bodies or phenomena, meteoro-
logical and carnival balloons, and airborne cosmic ray experimental equipment. The following
examples are presented for comparison of the intormation reported by witnesses and true identiti-
cation of the object involved:
a. On 22 July 1948, Captain Henry Glover (Ordnance Reserve) and his wife observed at Van
Nuys, California, an object which they were unable to positively identify. Object at first appeared
to be round and looked like a weather balloon at about 2,000 feet but there was no characteristie
The wind was blowing on the ground but the object was quite steady.
During the time
it was under observation, about an hour, it traveled through a vertical arc of about twenty-five
(25°) degrees or more.
The observer concluded that it was not a celestial body. It has a bluish
luminescence and as the sun set, the object's color gradually changed to orange at dusk and ceased
to be illuminated almost instantaneously.
The outline was clear and the air was clear with
visibility unlimited. The object traveled from the east to the west.
This object was determined by investigation to have been a balloon carrying cosmic ray
equipment.
SECRET
- 15-
NW 911376
Doold: 4749006 Page 20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1873, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FORET-
b. On 19 August 1948, at approximately 1050 hours an unidentified flying object was visible
from the ground at Godman Air Force Base, Kentucky. This object was estimated to be at about
30,000 to 40,000 feet altitude, spherical in shape, bright silver color and gave a bright reflection
from the sun. An F-51 was
the object.
During observation from the ground, there was no change in the elevation of the object
and it seemed to be moving southwest from Godman Air Force Base.
The F-51 which was flying
over Godman AFB at an altitude of 30,000 to 35,000 feet reported that it was unable to locate the
object although it was still visible from the ground with the naked eye.
Azimuth and elevation
readings were taken by theodolite every minute and the path of the object was charted.
The object was determined to be the planet Venus by Mr. Moore, the head astronomer at
the Untvarsity of Louville, bouleville, Kentes "cl) may aiso have been observations of the
It is believed that earlier incidents at Godman
Field (reference paragraph 2k, page 12, Appendix
planet Venus.
5. AMONG THOSE incidents still not positively explained, reported observations differ to some
extent, but three general categories of sightings emerge -- the flying disk, the ball of fire and
the large jet rocket.
Interesting observations that were noted are:
a. Most of the objects are a thin disk, round on top and flat on the bottom. The front half
of the disk is often circular, sweeping back to a square tall across the full width.
b. A high rate of climb as well as the apparent ability to remain motionless or hover for a
considerable length of time is indicated.
and trom
d. Speeds have been estimated throughout the entire range from very slow or hovering to
supersonic.
e. Sounds and visual trails are not normally associated with the sightings.
- 16 -
NW 91876
Daddl 34749006 Plage 21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2244, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX "D"
FLYING WING TYPE AIRCRAFT
1. AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERS in several countries have been engaged for some time in the
design, construction, and flight of flying wing type aircraft. The study of flying objects requires,
at least, a brief examination of proposed and existing unconventional aircraft whose configurations,
when seen by the uninitiated, could lead to reports of strange flying devices. A description of
some of the more significant types by country follows.
2. GERMANY. At the end of World War II, German aircraft designers had numerous projects
under way concerning tailless aircraft which conceivably could be mistaken for "Flying Saucers"
or disc-like objects. It is not clear just what the Soviets are doing in the way of developing
these projects but it is considered that German studies on tailless, delta-wing, and related con-
figurations are available to the U.S.S.R.
a. ARADO NIGHT AND BAD WEATHER FIGHTER, PROJECT I. This is a tailless, low-wing
monoplane with swept-back wing of large root chord and having a long, narrow fuselage.
Span
60.3 feet
Length
42.5 feet
Power Plant
2 Hes Ol1 turbo jet units
Max. Speed (sea level)
441 mph
Max. Speed (29,500 feet)
503 mph
b. ARADO E 581-4. A high-wing tailless single-seater with a single jet unit mounted in the
fuselage. Fin and rudder units are mounted on the wing midway between fuselage and wing tip
at the trailing edge.
Span
Length
Power Plant
Max. Speed (sea level)
Max. Speed (service ceiling)
29.3 feet
18.4 feet
1 Hes Oll turbo jet unit
c. GOTHA P 60 A. This was the first of the P 60 series of jet tighters. It is a flying wing
type and, since the pilot and observer lie prone, there is no projecting canopy, thus permitting a
particularly clean design. The jet units are mounted at the rear of the center section, one above
and one below.
Span
Wing Area
Power Plant
Max. Speed (23,000 feet)
40 feet 81/2 in.
504 square feet
2 BMW 003 turbo jet units
596 miles per hour
d. HEINKEL P 1080. This is a single-seat fighter with a sharply swept-back wing, resembling
a flying wing type, but having a single fin and rudder with no tail plane.
Span
29.2 feet
Wing Area
218 square feet
No performance estimates are available.
- 17 -
NI S13TG
Doco 24749006 Page 22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 934, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
e. TUNKERS EF 130,
high-speed Jet bomber.
Ot the flying wing type, this project was established as a Lone-range,
Span
Wine Area
Power Plant
Maxa speed
Range
18.8 feet
1200 square teet
1 Hes O11 turbo jet unite
620 miles per hour
3700 miles
D ME 329 This le a taillese mid-wing monoplane driven by two pusher propellers with the
engines centrally located in the wings on each side of the stubby rounded fuselage.
Span
66 feet
Length
25.4 teet
Max. Speed
455-465 miles per hour
Power Plant
3 DE 603 reciprocating engines
B. HORTEN WING. The closest rosemblance to the estimated contiguration of "Flying Disks"
Is represented by the Horten Wing alreraft. Work on the Horten 229, a twin Jet righter, nad pro-
pressed to the fina) stages at the end of World War IT. Its prototype, a Horten glider, success-
fully soared to an altitude of 14,200 feet as early as 1938, proving the soundness of this design.
(Figs. 1, 2 and 3)
Fle. 1
CANEAN

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 323, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
bt amaates
eae renee

Pear are aera

a Ee
EES

a ne
; SS Pea
fe i ae priate are iene

an ee Nat!

ee

ees
; spencer
fat iinet
EE

ee ue 2
Lo
a a ae

ae
BE
fd
o

Bes

aniaitncucer etre ceeerne rea pee ae teecrreenn na ones aes ‘ 5 ree i ee Peers
ee pe : Bae i ae ee Pee gee
ee Reetetie ents ee
ie ss

oe

ee
eG

epochs
See

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1243, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eidlana tees: nih amas eee

SOR Re ieedd rtd paneer etee
Perea rue eer oer
pears i seiereeoes

ie ee
Perera
ees Ses eens
OAR a ae os Pat
Sere 3 ee 2 eee ree
eae Be ae is
Haattie te Ran, rf
aa

ate eee ee pee
EES
Hott TO a add a pita
Ee oe ee neh Pee i eerie ER Peeters me
PAST ee ee sectarian : stn innneeresnnetes oe nee
ee ee ont niet partis ie ee errata reeetineay
LF hr Lr LU oe

ae

nena ne a are ore eeneanrseree oy + Sean ee ee sensed errne pemhenerrre timate
petty oe Eee panna, cee ee 5 es
ee nee

spina eect

pe
oC LE ey eS Bs ; ce EE i
osteitis Eat eer sain : eas tne pees fee sere ae sae ea ee: i a paminsedt iin pos
EE 3 pene ee aires : nh Ma faeetatias seein

#3 Font

te
Le
ef Supoeeese tees Rue eat sderamtanemirrane ie te
Sreeoeonatt aan ge meee ciaireetraneaters er a : 2 fpeeten: : a etna hdinad page
ee Oe Le Le eS
Pepin See ee erates nang ene fae cae 25 peer : re eee carne Seana 5 Ee 5
SS cre a hedriensaeteene  oeat cE ghiecieemeits a : ere : : Eee ee eect ibaa seaman ES :
Sse eee etree ee iterate ee oe : ; pence gee peuereeeee : : slates E pepe fe
Sicneeiteneneaonn : it : : a i ae : rate fs Seeeere ery
ES ar aera ae ~ - i comer a oe

cd

Z

ET a ot teach cna tag a bnered Pee

ee eaten ieee
Os Be ee
hie Te ee

Sn

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 524, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3. GREAT BRITAIN.
SAME ARMSTRONG WILTWORTH The AW 529, a Elder, and the AW 58, a twin-jet str-
plane, are British designe of Talless aircraft. The vertles stabilizers are located at the tips
of the swept-back wing. (Figs. 4 and 5) Data on the AW 62 appear below.
Span
Length
Max. Speed (sea level)
Max. Speed
(20,000 feet)
Max. Speed (36,000 feet)
Range
Power Plant
90 teet
37 feet
430 nots
435 knots
417 knots
1500 nautient miles
2 Nene It turbo set units
ARMSTRONG
WHITWORTH
Expertmental
Aying-wing
Aircraft
Fig. 4
- 21 -

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Co

pie pee eee ae sit Hauer rate

Bee cen eres cnc eee ee ete
one. er

Rceertnrrmreaaee tate n

Eiooeetee Hie PET een

ieapets “

: Sea

LOND rete rn oe

ees

ephoeaee oer ee
= fee rie eer

ae

ee
pene
ceataanneeainerss Pre

oe

oct aetk
z

aes Be ee See FF pee :
Serio taeda peace sees on
oe pada a %

Gecentebean

irencnngaae

SE

Bieber nase

nies

aint eres i:
Ce

Pat aati oae

a

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 178, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "clean-vision"}
be NORTHROP YE 40, Powered by alght turbo-jet engines, this alrplane is the let-propelled
version of the Northrop Flying Wing (B 35). (See Fig. T)
-24-
MANZE Dada 149000 Rage 49

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 293, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
алки
e. CHANCE-VAUGHT XFbU-1. Developed by Chance-Vaught Alreratt, this radical design
promises the reality of high and low speed performance. Powered by two R-2000-8 engines,
the alrplane will have a speed rance of from 40 to 425 miles per hour.
See Fig. 8)
- 85 -
NATE Dadhueaz49006 Rage so

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 1064, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a. ARUP TAILLESS MONOPLANE. Jane's "All the World's Alreraft" (1935 edition) describes
thile afrplane as a two-seat machine with a 70 h.p. LeBlond englne.... This has a high aspect
ratio wing with straight leading-edge and bullt In nacelle..." In plan form, the wing is almost
semi-circulari
An Air Force film, "Aeronautical Oddities",
, showa thie alrolane in flight at South Bend,
Indiana and In some attitudes appears Identical to the photograph included In Appendix "C" as
Figure 4. Although It is belleved that the ARUP Manufacturing Co. is no longer in existence,
it is possible that later models of this or similar U.S, civil aircraft may have been observed.
Span
22 Teet
Length
19. feet
Power Plant
1 LeBlond engine
Max. Speed
8b miles per hour
A R
INCA
12894
P
44930A0
rue plows of an Asperimental Arup tulless Monoplane
Fig. 0
5. ALTHOUGH APPENDIX "D" is not Intendad to explain conclusively the phenomenon of "Flying
Saucers" the possibility of unconventional type aireraft being the cause of flying disk reports must
not be over lociced.
- 26-
PANAMAS

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 38, "chars": 164, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
USHERS pr eae Rae ane

a = as ae iz SSIS RR Sean GEE ae 2 se ae
e EATS ts eer OPER ee ne ica natin een ee a a a ar ES RG SRE RS aR ay SOR an A ENS e a anor a ES RE

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 1142, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
011 2A
7341
8aA
REGISTER OF PERSONNEL
HANDLING TOP SECRET MATERIAL
DIVISION
SoS.
CONT.
#
DoLe HQ USAT
OFFICE
52507
DATE
413
DEC 5
1950
D/I USAT 4B 854-Pentagon
su AcT Intel Apt ·160-803-79, Cy #102 0f 103
SubAOFOIIT U S
NUMBER
OF
PAGES
IN
BASIC
IN INCLS-
NUMBER OF INCLOSURES
INSTRUCTIONS
The above described Top-Secret document has been
received in this office this date.
this material will be
minimum number
of persons necessary
completion of the required
of all persons handling
or having knowledge of the subject document will be recorded
below as indicated.
document will be returned
the Top-Secret Control Officer (Room
dispatch
other disposition.
form will not
be removed from the
subject document
except by him when forwarding.
NAME
DATE
TIME
PURPOSE
ALL PAPERS
ATTACHED
Roy i Ostrem
тавт. Franch
1130
2 Just 1540
guns of
en 31 1025
8 JAN 1951/665
Jewey Samneth
6 June 5V
16r5
24 JUN 1952
WILLIAM H. CLARK
Processing
YES
Tress
PROCESSENG
«formation
Yes
-9. Alger
1445
2 pm 1950
1505
- 240um52.1515
Lizzing
Lagging
ye
MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD
1948
NW 91G76
Daclo 34749006
Page 2M
PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM
ARE OBSOLETE
9-336, AF

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1487, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A10LN-283
Capt Sournet/e1/55894
virta 5 Jun 52
SECURT IT, INFORMATION
MENORANDUM JOR RECORD
To deolaseify Study 100-203-79, "Analyais of Flying Object
Incidenta" dated 10 December 1948, 1f practicable.
FACES AND DISCUSSION
"2. In accordance with a request from Co1. R. 4. Adans, AFOIN-2B,
to declassify Study 100-203-19 if practicable, the following information
is submitted. A search through D/I files was made, but no such atudy was
found. Hovever, a draft study bearing the sane title and dato, plus the
designation "D/I-ONI Study No. 203° was located. This study is clessified
Top Secret and is presumed to be the study in question.
3. Two copies of the latter study were distributed to ONT.
4. Subjeot matter will not be subnitted for inclusion in the Delly
Steff Digest.
CONCLUSIONS
5. It is not considered advisable to declassify Study lo. 203
Inasmuch as it contains much speculation on the possible origin of
unidentified flying objects, information on Soviet A0B and atonio energy
Installations, and some inforation on V.S. Research and Development
activity. In addition, the study contains a treatise on possible Soviet
intentions in utilizing controlledeaerial missiles over the U.s.
ACULOR ROCONURADED
6. None, for infomation only•
COORDANARTON
Col. J..G. Eriksen -AFOIN-283 - sxt. 52466
CAPI. R. O. Bauer, ON - A20IN-23 - Ext. 55909
Col. . H. Porter AFOIN-2 - Ext. 71110
MR
DECLASSIFIED
F.9. 1238, Betis Mans
FINA
зу-
SECURITY, INFORNATLON
NW 91306
Docial 44749006
Page 14
