{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T13:14:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 57, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32221008, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-04/documents/dow-uap-d095-joint-us-canadian-aviation-projects-and-ufo-sighting-reports-1954-1955.pdf", "source_sha256": "9c7629703ed55608b29000e490ac91be260e6088587f9048d7412593233878f9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 15, "chars": 129, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
SECRET
INT 2-247 ONTDETTIFISD FUTUR OBBCIS UPO
DECLASSIFIED
Authority:
NND 974373
Best Possible Image
INS MяBADacI31457
Pano 202

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1686, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET 41337
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
17 January 1955
Major General John A. Samford
Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D. C.
Dear General Samford:
I thought you might be interested in what is being done in the mat-
ter of the A. V. Roe (Canada) Project Y-2 (Secret) which we dis-
cussed recently and the subject of which was recently given "pop-
ular" treatment in the AID.
We have been thoroughly briefed by the Bombardment Aircraft Divi-
sion, Director of Weapons Systems Operations, WADC, on their
present knowledge. This Division of WADC has issued a one-year
study contract, dated 29 December 1954, to A. V. Roe, Canada, on
subject project. This study will attempt to develop sufficient ana-
lytical, design and test data to determine the practicability of utiliz-
ing the well known design principles which are employed, in the pro-
posed vehicle.
As you know, we feel very strongly that some truly factual data
must be obtained to correct (or substantiate) the picture so far pre-
sented on this device by the Press and by the Air Intelligence Di-
gest, a picture which doubtless provides comfort and support to
popular writers on the subject.
Accordingly, we have initiated a joint WADC/ATIC project which
will result in a Technical Report to be ready 15 February 1955.
This report will assemble all available information on the subject
and will present such conclusions as can safely be drawn, this far
ahead of the A. V. Roe study. It will be forwarded to you, without
delay, upon completion.
Sincerely,
Hurdluaten
HAROLD E. WATSON
Brigadier General, USAF
SECRET
T55-0663
NW 91198 Cadia: 34745775
Page 283

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 334, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
fut 2-2-7
DEPARIMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.
SCIENIIFIC ADVISORY BOARD TO THE CHIEF OF STARS, USAT
SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD REPORT ON AVRO PROJECT Y2
November 1954
Report
Thia document consists of
Copy Number
pages
33
2 сорте.
DS 55-0323-2
Dadlot 84745775
NW S1M198
Page 204

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1513, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECREE
DEPARTMANT OF THE AIR FORCE
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.
10 December 1954
Ileutenant General Donald Is Putt
Deputy Chiet of Staff, Development
Headquarters United States Air Force
washington, D. C.
Dear Don:
In response to your request for SAB comments on the Avro
"Saucer" project, the SAB has taken the following action:
The Aircrait and Propulsion Panels were briefed on September
28 by representatives of Ha. ARD, at the time of the Fell meeting
of the Board in Quaba.
The tentative conclusions of both panels
immediately after this brleting were to the effect that this pro-
ject varranted no more then limited support. Hovever, to assure
thorough consideration of this project, I requested representatives
of these two panels to supplement the briefings given to them st
Omahe by a visit to A. V. Roe Canada Itd., Malton, Ontario.
With the advice of Clark Millikan and Dean Soderberg, & select
committee vas chosen to conclude this study. It vas composed of
Dean Soderberg, Chairman of the Propulsion Penel and sentor member
of the group; Professor Markham, of the Aircraft Panel; and Mr.
Donovan, who has been serving both as a member of the Alreratt Panel
and as Ilalson member with the Propulsion Panel.
The attached report of this group 1s forwarded with my approvel,
representing the results of the SAB's completed study.
Sincerely,
/s/
U. H. DOOLITIE
Acting Chairman
Scientific Advisory Board
Office of the Chiet of statt
Inclosure
NW 91196
Page 285
Docld 34745775

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1163, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
December 6, 1954
General Jenes He Doolittle, Acting Chairnar
Scientifie Advisory Board
office of the Chiel of Statt
Headquarters United States Alr Force
Washington: D. C.
Dear General Doolittles
At jour request ve constituted ourselves an ad boc group to con-
clude the studies of the A.V. Roe Company project Y2, which was pro-
sented to the Solentitle Advisory Board at the Onsha meetings in Sap-
tambes of this year. We viaited the A. V. Roe Company in Toronto on
November 17 and 18: After considering the intornation availablo to
us, ve procent the following report
We wish to comend the officials of the 4. V. Roo Company for a
most courteous and well-planned reception, saling the fullest possi-
blo use of the available tine.
The 12 is en airplane of cireular plan forn, originally butlt up
around a radial flow turbojot with the exhaust copable of being de-
footed downvard in an annular jet for take-off and hovering near
the ground. The airplane is designed for supersonio flight at high
altitude, under which condition the rheus jet is directed horisont
ally rearwarde. The air is taken in vertieally from the above for
NW 911198 Dad 84745775
Page 206

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1523, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ABORDE
hovering; for leval 21ight the intake is changed to a normal
frontal inlet by a set of slides and doors. In later versiona the
radial engine has been replaced by radially disposed axial 11ow
turbojots of conventional type. Thia modification was originally
conaidered as an intermediate version which night simplify the devel
opent procedures, but se the radial engine has been more realisti-
celly appraised, it ie now looked upon as en alternative form of
aqual promise.
It is ovident thet the invention involves a whole array of for-
midable problem of research and development. Even in the snallest
versions the outer dianeter of the radial flov turbine ie about
twenty feet. The entire rotor must be supported on air bearings in
the redial as vell as the arial dizection, sud it is evident that
the accompanying problens of mechanical design are very difficult.
The design regures that very large air flow (a minimun of about
800 1b/s) be regulated by a complicated syatem of mechanical shuttere
on the inlet as vell as on the outlet side. The problems of stability
in hovering, in forvard flight, and in the transition between the two
nodes naturally demand considerable attention. The many structural
problems of an unconventional nature likewise require much study. It
is ovident, even with only a casual study, that the process of devel-
opment would be lengthy and costly in the extrene, even by present
standards in nilitary aircraft. The Justification for entering into
2
NW 911198 Dodhhe4745715
Раде 201

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1563, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
such an undertaking muat depend on (a) the significance of the ob
Jootives which the new atrplane clatus to {111 and (b) the sound-
ness of the neans proposed to attain theso objectives.
The key feature on which the design of the I2 1s based is the
utllization for hovering of the pressure built up in the center of
an annular jet strean.. This pressure build-up increases the lilt
at standstill oloso to the ground in such a leshion as to indicato
the practicablilty of hovering a few feet off the ground with on-
gines whose static ses level tarust, without this eugentation from
ground effect, would be loss than the airplane gross weight, Also,
because of the nature of the ground effect, the atroratt vould be
stable with respect to height when hovering; that is, it would not
require pilot attention to hold a height above the ground, al though
It vould regulro control to maintein its attitude. The thrust sug-
mentation for hovering obtained by A. V. Ros in small scale tests is
of the order of 60 to 80%. Because the appropriate variables vore
not investigated and the pertinent seasurements not made during the
tosts, data are not avallable to extrapolate this result properly to
predict accurately full scale sugmentation factors. There are many
features which could make the full scale augnentation factors smaller
but very little 1tkelthood of their being larger than in the model.
The posstbility of stable hovering 1s, nevertheless, an engaging
featuro. Infortunately, it has dominated the evolution of the con-
3
NW 91198
• Dadh 34745775
Page 248

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1558, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2iguration to such an extent that performance in lovel flight ap
poars to have been somlously compromised, Since Lorward Flight 1a,
after all, the important function of any airplane, ve have attempted
to examine into the inventor's clain for the flight characteristica
with particular care.
The inventor has advanced cleins for fevorable forward flight
casaoterlaties on the basia that the radial flow engine has a very
favorable thrust to weight ratio (about 22), that the speedlie thrust
on the projected area of the plane (about 600, exeluding air intakes)
is unusually high, and that the drag characteriaties of the plane are
very favorable. While not enough information is available to settle
all of these points, ve are compelled to take exception to all taree
of those clains. The specific engine weight is no longer unusual and
vould not in itsell Justify the radial engine development. Moreover,
the radial engine possesses certain inherent limitations in pressure
ratio end component elliciencies which are detrimental to good fuel
consumption in comparison with the axiel flow type. The shift to con-
vontional turbojets has, of course, altared the situation, but it has
not strengthened the aleims based on the engine. The high thrust poz
frontal area la in part due to the faot that all discussions so far
have been mede around plazes with no pay load. The situation with
respect to drag appears to us the nost serious, hovever, since Ho feal
that the drag way have been underestinated by a factor of two. Very
4
NW91198 Doold 34745775
Rana 289

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1485, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Lengthy and expensive experients are needed to settle these questions
vith finality.
The inventor has assumed that sone improvement in the drag situ
ation night be obtained through boundary layer suction. The alleged
gain from thia source is assoctated with the distribution of the ex-
have" jet over the trailing edge of the airplane. It is not wholly
imposalble that such a gain night in lact be present, but no reliable
test information is available at the present time or this point. In
this respect this airplane differs from more conventional types only
because the exhaust jot is distributed over the trailing edge of the
wing. The cizcular plan form offers no particular advantago in this
connection,
Wo are confronted, therefore, with an airplane development which
does not appear to possess any intrinsic advantages el ther with the
original radial engine or with the spoke arrangement of conventional
turbojets. The pressure recovery on the induction side is certain
to be poor for both alternatives; even with the utmost development
of details it could not approach the performence of conventional air-
planes. The ducting on the exhaus* aide presents equally formidable
difficulties from the point of view of losses, and the gain due to
boundary layer suction da only conjectural. These things night have
been compensated for it the drag charactoristies of the plane con-
Ilguration could be demonstrated to be favorable. There 1s no
SECR
NW 911198 Dadt 34745775
Рала 240

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1508, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
information to indicate that this is so. No basie leus appear to have
been transgressed in the desige. It is merely s question of overempha-
ais on the hovering characteriaties without any assurance that the
level flight characteristies would be tolerable.
In arriving at a recommendation fos action by the United States
Air Force, we have attempted to bring into focus several considerations.
The kind of imaginative thinking about unconventional aircraft which
the inventor has displayed cortainly has a placo, and there is per-
haps not enough of it in the planning operations of the USAP. When a
scheme of this Idad ia ready for more serious exploitation, however,
certain considerations are ossential. The dreams must stand the test
of hardbeaded theoretical and experiental evaluation. the argumens
that such a procedure, it applied to aireraft developments fifty
years ego, vould have prevented povered flight 1s a specious one.
The development of an engine such as the X2, If it 1a to be carried
to a Plight article of some kind, is en undertaking of such a magni-
tude that it simply cannot be undertaken on a mere hunch. We do not
teal that the inventor can support the claims he has sade for it,
particularly with reference to level flight. Moreover, we find a
serious lack of attempt at a systematie exploration of the various
key serodynamie phenomena involved. There muat also be a set of
goala for the aircrett, which vould place it in a class ahead of
SACH
NW 911198 Dacid 84745775
Page 2411

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1466, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
other developents in performance, if the besie ideas should be
capable of realization. We do not fool thet the objectives of
the development have been clearly formulated. In partloular, wo
feel that there has been a preoccupation with the hovering char
acteristios to such an extent that the more direct essentials of
the airoratt have been lost sight of •
We do not question the abtlity of the As V. Roe Company to
undertake succossfully any voll conceived project in the aircratt
Lleld vaich Lies vitain their naterial resources: Our visit con-
firned our high opinion of their design and production activities
in jot sircraft and ongines, We have developed the suspicion, how-
over that che reaponsible designers to the A. V. Roe engineering
groups are not thoroughly sold on the 12 project. It is mant-
featly imposeible for us to prove this contention or to make this
assertion offically with the company. We feel convinced, hovever,
that the beat talents of the A. V. Roe organisation have not been
drawn upon in the evaluation of this project. This statement 1s
made vithout prejudio tovard the inventor, who impressed us as a
telented and sincere nen with a great deal of inagination, but who
for this very reason cannot be expected to present a fully impartial
critique. Full support from some of the leading designers outside
of this particular group could perhaps have presented a more con-
vincing argument for support.
NW 911198 Dadla 34745775
Pade 242

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 299, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On the basia of the above, ve recomand against any contractual
support for this project until much greater potentialities have been
demonatrated by A. V. Roe's om analysis.
Sincerely yours,
Signed: Allen F. Donovan
Jonate Markham
Co Richard Soderberg; Chadrmar
8
NW 91198
1 Dadlet 34745775
Page 24g

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2817, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOIN-201
Mr Bo11un/erh/55867
1 October 1954
M
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
PROBLEM:
1o
To make a final report on a special project assigned to Mr. C. W.
Bollum, Sr., for the purpose of investigating possible Soviet capabilities
for developing and producing a Vertical Take-Off Aireraft which might be
similar in appearance to a "flying Saucer".
FACES AND DISCUSSION:
In the Magazine Section of the Washington Post, dated 13 December
1953,
there appeared an article which reported the development of a flying
saucer by the A.V. Roe Canada, Limited of Toronto. The article stated that
It. Gen. Donald I. Putt, Director of ARDC, had visited this company and had
viewed this flying saucer.
Other information given in the article impressed
Mr. Bollum with the thought that here was the first factual evidence that it
was possible to build a ilying saucer. If it was possible for canada to
build a flying saucer, then it was also possible for the Soviets to build
Mr. Bollum requested that he be authorized to initiate a special pro-
ject for the purpose of determining Soviet capabilities in this field. Such
permission was granted by Col. I. Wo Wolfe, Chief of the Future Estimates
Branch.
With the aid and assistance of Squadron Leader George C. Wainwright,
RAT, the project was launched by going to the U.S. Patent Office and reading
a patent filed by the A.V. Roe people on a device entitled "A Gas-Turbine
Engine Aircraft". The patent application for this device was first filed in
the U.K. on 21 August 1952.
Ihis patent pointed out the feasibility of the
project. Bollum and Wainwright then traveled to Baltimore to discuss the
project with personnel of ARDO. It was on this visit that It. Col. V. I.
Gossick first disclosed the information regarding the application of the
Coanda Effect to the Project "Y" design. Several more visits were made to
ARDC and after discussing the project with several engineers and officers,
Mr. Bollum and Squadron Leader Wainwright decided that there was little
doubt that a "state of the art" capability did, in fact, exist, and that
their next step was to investigate the possibility that the Soviets already
had possession of such information.
4. Through contacts with intelligence officers in the Office of the
Director of Air Intelligence, Ottave, Canada, Squadron Leader Wainwright
learned of the existence of intelligence information concerning possible
German Ilying Saucer projects. These were rumored to have existed at the
end of World War II. I was authorized for Bollum and Wainwright to travel
to Ottawa to discuss the subject with the Air Intelligence personnel. As a
result of this trip copies of the pertinent information were forwarded to
Mr. Bollum from D.A.I. Ottawa. In brief, there 1s information on four
Germans.
LONE
DS 55-0323-3
NW 91198
Dadld: 34745775
Page 244

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3142, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cron
SEGRET
a. George Klein who, as of April 1953 resided in Hamburg,
claims to have been chief engineer of all flying dise projects. How
over, his principal importance seems to be that he knew of the exist-
ence of such projects and has called attention to other Germans in this
field.
b. Otto Habermohl, who has not been heard of since the end of
the war, is reported to have had a project for a 16 meter diameter fly
ing saucer which was test flighted on 14 February 1945 at Holice.
c. Rudolf Schriever, who died in 1945, was a designer/ test pilot
at BMW Worke at Prague.
He is reported to have constructed a flying
saucer, which at a trial in April 1945 falled to leave the ground.
do Robert Miethe, who is supposed to have entered the U.s. in
1953, 1s reported to have constructed a 43 meter diameter flying saucer
called the "V-7", which is reported to have flown with a crew of three
in 1944. In August 1944 the Cesko-Moravske Works in Prague is reported
to have received a production order for a short series, but none had been
finished by the end of the war. Miethe remained in Breslaw, whence he
escaped in an ME-163 one jump ahead of the Russians. The Russians captured
three of Methe's prinoipal assistants and his workshops. Miethe, aocording
to the Canadians, came into this country as an emigrant.
It is of interest to note that in March of 1954, a man using the name Bruno
Berberich and who claims to have entered this country in 1953, forwarded to
a Senator from Ohio a manuscript and drawings depicting how he would build
a flying saucer.
I'hese were in turn forvarded to the Legislation and liaison
Division of Headquarters, USAT, who sent them to AFOIN. AFOIN forwarded the
documents to ATIC for translation and evaluation. Mr. Bollum was assured by
Mr. Areter of AlIC that he would receive a copy of the results as soon as
ALIC had completed the translation.
lo date no such information has been
received and therefore Mr. Bollum is not able to report the results obtained.
The big question would seem to be whether or not this man Berberich could be
Miethe.
5. Upon return to Washington Bollum and Wainwright again went to ARDO
Baltimore where they were briefed on the U.S. interest in Canada's project
and informed of the political and international complication involved.
At
this time both were requested to handle the whole project on a sensitive
basis until notified by ARDO that arrangements between U.S. and Canada had
been completed. In accordance with such request, brlefings were 11mited to
General Samford, General Lewis, Colonel Morrow, Colonel Eriksen, Colonel
Irue, Colonel Wolfe, Captain Rooney, US, and it. Colonel farrior.
6. In April Colonel True received permission for an Air Room briefing
of key AFOIN personnel, which was attended by the Branch and Division Chiefs.
About the Ist of May a request came for briefing the Classen Committee, who
were considering the future material requirements for the Strategic Air
Command. On 26 May 1954 key analysts of the Rand Corporation, Santa Monica,
California, were briefed at the request of Colonel True and permission was
NW 91198 Dood: 34745775
Page 245

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 3064, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECREF
given to brief the engineering personnel of the Los Angeles Air Force
DeveLopment Office.
7. An "Air Torce Only" restriction was dropped in June 1954 and the
following have been briefed since: Chief of Naval Operations and Staff,
Chief of Staff U.s. Army and Staff, Commandant of the Marine Corps and
Staff, Key Personnel of CIA-OSI, Mr. iselstein of ATIC, Intelligence per-
sonnel of SAC, TAO, ADO, ARDC, AFSS, ASSOP, NSA, and Requirements Officer
of the Air War College. A copy of the briefing is attached as TAB A.
On 15 June 1954, Bollum and Wainwright visited the A.V. Roe Limited,
Toronto, Canada. One day was spent discussing Project "Y" and information of
German and/or Soviet interest in such unconventional aircraft. Mr. Trost,
the Chief Ingineer on the project and designer of the radial flow jet engine,
demonstrated by use of laboratory models all the principles of the Coande
Effect, the air bearings, and the control system contemplated. Such demon-
strations left little doubt in the minds of anyone present that the project
would be a success. Mr. Frost had previously gone to Europe to interrogate
George Klein and in addition had had access to many flying saucer reports
from Burope. He firmly stated that there was no doubt in his mond that the
Soviets are ahead of the Western Nations in the development of a true verti-
cal take-off aircrait.
9.
Recent news articles indicate that both the U.S. and U.K. have other
projeots in being which are in the field of Vertical Take-Off Aircraft (VIO).
CONCLUSIONS:
10. In conclusion, it appears that the chances of success are good for
Project "y" or Project
"Ladybird" as it 1s known in the USAP. If this is the
case a breakthrough in the aeronautical "State of the Art" has occurred whiah
w1l1 revolutionize aircraft design and air varfare. If we accept the possi-
bilities of such designs then we must also conclude that the Soviets must at
the least have the capability to have such aircraft almost as soon as the
Western Nations. At the other end of the possibilities, we must consider
the chance that the Soviets are several years ahead of the U.S. at this time.
Perhaps one of the most important results of this investigation has been that
such unconventional alrereft are not considered as fantastic as previous and
the emphasis will shift from disproving flying saucer reports to proving such
reports.
The effect of a successful fight will be far reaching. A new 1o0k
will have to be taken at the design of many categories of military equipment;
1.o. radars, guided missiles, armament, entlaircraft artillery, etc. It 1e
possible that such capabilities could very radically change estimates for the
period of 1960-65.
RECOMMENDATIONS:
11. In the last part of the briefing (Tab A) certain recommendations have
been made. It was felt at the time that the various offices of the Directorate
of Intelligence would take some action as a result of the briefing. As of this
date Mr. Bollum in unaware of any action being taken by any other office to
SECRET
NW 911198 Badla: 34745715
Page 246

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2919, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
assume any responsibility in this field. Informally, ATIC personnel have
indicated to Mr. Bollum opinion that the success of Project "Y2" 1s very
doubtful and that it is not expected that ATIC will show amy great inter-
est or take any action other than tat normally taken by the Unidentitied
Flying Object (UPO) personnel. As a result of this inactivity, very little
new has been accomplished in the last few months toward ascertaining Soviet
capabilities. It is therefore recommended that the following actions be
requested by the Director of Intelligence.
a. Inasmuch as Vertical Take-Off aircraft similar in appearance to
a flying saucer will be test flown in a matter of 18 months with a possible
production withia three years, it is believed appropriate at this time to
divorce the reports, analysis, and estimates of earth produced flying saucers
from the UPO activity at ATIC. Such items of intelligence should be handled
through normal material and equipment channels in the D/I.
D. All reports of sightings of UTO's in areas immediately adjacent
to the Soviet Union and Satellites should be re-examined in light of the
possibility that the Soviets could be well ahead of the U.S. and Canada in
the development and service testing of such an aircraft.
c. A section should be inserted in the Basic Air Intelligence
Requirement Manual and an ARM should be prepared on "Intelligence Collection
Guidance Manual on Vertical Take-Off Aircraft".
d. Necessary support should be requested of other government agencies
in an attempt to locate Robert Miethe and Bruno Berberich. After Location of
the above men, steps should be taken to have them interrogated by personnel
familiar with the entire background on this project.
e. A project should be established to estimate probable military
applications for such an aireraft and the extent to which requirements and
designs for other military equipment would be affected. As a part of this
project, a short discourse on airfield requirements might be included.
4 collection requirement should be placed on all agencies in
the fleld including Attaches.
g. All intelligence estimates for the 1960-65 period should include
a statement on the possibility of operational use of saucer shaped aircraft
and the effect of such use on other equipment estimates.
h. To insure that intelligence information and requirements for
action are properly integrated into the existing intelligence organization,
it is suggested that an individual who is knowledgeable on the background
of this project be appointed as coordinator for the Director of Intelligence,
HQ, USAT, on Unconventional Vertical Take-Off Aircraft. This coordinator, 1x
addition
to his function with the Director of Intelligence, should also be
the active liaison contact between the D/I and other interested commande and
agencies when requests are received for briefings, etc.
4
SECRET
NW 91198 Dochi34745775
Page 247

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 591, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12. Subject matter will not be submitted for inclusion in the DI
Policy
Book or the Daily Staff Digest.
ACETON:
14. Inasmuch as Mr. Bollum is the most knowledgeable person in the
D/I on the subject of this project, it ia recommended that be be appointed
coordinator for the Director of Intelligence and that he be authorized to
proceed as necessary to accomplish the desired results on the reconmenda-
COORDINATION:
Col. I. M. Kirton, AFOIN-2C1 - #xt. 56239 M
ForiCol. V. I. Zoller, AFOIN-20 - Bxt.
71577 CWR
Col. J. J. Morrow, AFOIN-2
-Ext. 71110 pm
5
SECREF
NIN 91198 Locat
Page 248
45775

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2738, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TAD
A
ТАВ "Д"
BRIE ON AN UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT POSSIBLE
BY 1960
INPRODUCLLON
The purpose of this briefing is two-fold. First, I will attempt to
tell you or a project being linanced by the s. Air force and as a result
thereot to dispel to the greatest extent possible any doubt in your minda
that such a project 1s feasible and desirable. Second, I will attempt to
show that there is a very good possibility that we may not be the first
nation to successfully fly such an airoraft. In order not to take up your
time with uninteresting technical considerations and information, I will
make the first part very brief.
However, if anyone desires more inform-
ation on the design, performance, operation, etc., I am prepared to go
into a more detailed discussion complete with slides at the end of the
regular briefing.
* *
*.*
The "State of the Art" being one of the most important considerations
in a technical estimate, we have attempted to ascertain what effort is be-
ing made in this field.
through various sources it was determined that
the foremost authority on the theories surrounding such an airoraft was
a MI. Jack Frost, an aeronautical engineer presently employed by the A.V.
Roe Limited of Canada.
Some indication of Mr. Frost's capability may be
derived from the fact that he was project engineer on the 0F-100 in
Canada,
The principal sources of information covered in this briet
were ARDC, Baltimore; AFDRD, Washington; DAI, Ottawa; and A. V. Roe
Limited of Canada.
Before going any further, I wish to emphasize that
the interest of the HQ, USAT D/I in this subject is solely from the
foreign aspect and particularly as it concerns the Soviet capabilities.
Any emphasis that we may give to the Research and Development program
in this country is a bonus and not intentional.
....
The project of which I am about to speak 1e lown as Project "Ya"
in Canada and as Project "Ladybird" by the USAT. This vehicle is desig-
nated as a "Plat Vertical Take-Off Supersonic Gyroplane" by the A.V. Roe
Company. Inappearance it is similar to the normal conception most people
have of a flying saucer. This is probably the best reason for not call-
ing this vehicle a flying saucer. This unconventional aircraft is not
strictly a new idea. This particular idea has been in existence fox
several years and during the last four years attempts have been made in
Great Britain, Canada, and the U.S.4. to interest someone in financing
In January of 1954 the Canadian govera-
ment agreed to finance the project to the extent of $2,000,000.
However,
due to some belief that Canada might be somewhat limited in facilities and
finances to complete the development in the least possible time, and the
DS 55-0323-4
NW 91198 Dacha 34745775
Page 249

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3091, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECREF
further possilllity and danger that a foreign power not entirely friendly
to the V.S. might achieve the desired results sooner, the USAT has made
an agreement with the Canadian government and A.V. Roe Company to take
over the complete development effort.
The prime contract appears to be
with the A.V. Roe Canada, Limited and upon my last visit to the factory,
they were well along the way in the preparation of drawings and passibly
at this time are starting fabrication of parts.
As of the last report
known to us, it was expected that the Ilight test of the first model would
take place in the Spring of 1956. By this time some of you would like to
see a picture of this aircraft. I have two artist conceptions (Slide 1).
This slide is to depict landings and take-offs from other than established
airfields. (Side 2). This slide is for the purpose of showing a naval
use by launching from a submarine. An earlier model called
Project "Y" or Project "OMEGA" which would have used the same engine
(Slide 3) but would have been flat on the aft end similar in shape to
Iwo versions of small research type Vertical Take-Of$
aircraft, identifled as Project "Y" and Project "T2" have now been de-
signed.
Each project is essentially a simple proposal for the construction
of a very large radial flow gas turbine engine, suitably shaped and covered
to form a flying wing which is said to be the minimum aircraft that can be
designed around a turbo-jet engine.
The engines are designed to fly "edge-on" to the wind instead of axially,
as in the case of the more conventional types. Bach engine is basically a
large diameter airborne rotor disc, supported by an air bearing which employs
compressor bleed air as its only form of lubrication. Stability and control,
will be dominated by the gyroscopie reactions of the rotor.
Such an aircraft would have some very fundamental advantages; such as:
8..
b.
C.
a.
e.
The manufacturing simplicity that results.
The much greater than one thrust/weight ratio.
The very high thrust/frontal area ratio.
The gyroscopic stability.
The ability to operate without prepared landing fields; thia
being the most important consequence of the thrust/weight
ratio being much greater than one.
The Project "T design which utilized the same engine, but had a
slightly different configuration was designed to take off and land with
its longitudinal axis at an angle of approximately 60 degrees with the
ground and was supported by a landing gear which gave it the appearance
of a "Praying Mantis".
The Project "Y", unlike the earlier model,
designed to take off and land with its longitudinal axis parallel to the
ground and has 2o landing gear whatsoever.
between the two designs is that the first design required surface controls
or elevons waile the latter design has no surface controls at all. The
"flat vertical take-off" technique, in the Project "Y2" version, has a
further fundamental advantage of great significance in that the peripheral
jet using the Coanda Effect produces a powerful cushion of air betveen the
SERIE
NW 911198
Dadld 34145715
Page 250

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3335, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
aircraft and the ground which eliminates the possibility of severe impact on
Landing. Testa have shown that the jet lit is increased severa. times over
that of a flat diso near the ground. Advantages of such a technique are as
followe:
8. It is safer and more acceptable to pilots.
b.
"he gyroscopic plane is parallel with the ground.
c. It improves the use of the aircraft in the transport category.
(S11de 5). In general, the proposed aircraft consists of a very large radial
flow gas turbine engine disposed between two concentric rings.
It is estimated
that the engine will produce nearly 50,000 Ibs. Sea Level Static Thrust.
De.
pending on the final design and balance the circular plan form may need to be
modified to accommodate trim Ilaps.
The air intakes are also circular in plan,
the skins extending across the central part of the plane. The pilot, fuel and
disposable loads are contained in the central compartment which is well insul-
ated against aerodynamic beating by the fuel. The aircraft is show in the
take-off configuration with both air intakes closed and relieving doors on the
top intake open all the way around.
this arrangement pernits the air to sink
in and over into the intake annulus, then radially outwards to the jet exhauste
which are normal to the surface around the whole periphery; about 15 inches
from the edge.
(S1ide 6) Iypical streamlines of the airflow through the aircraft are shown
in this slide which represents any section through the circular form of the
aircraft.
This aircraft will have neither an oll system nor a hydraulic
system, inasmuch as the engine is air lubricated and there is no retractible
under carriage nor hydraulie operated controls employed, the control equip-
ment in the cockpit will be much simpler. Normal flight and navigational
instruments and equipment will be installed in the aireraft. A simplified
forn of ejector seat is fitted, as high ejection velocities are not considered
necessary for this tailless aircraft.
Now for a few general operational characteristics. The first model to be
tested is expected to be able to have speeds up to lach. 2.5, Ily at altitudes
up to 85,000 feet, and have a range of 1500 n.m. (one way. 4 later model
with & diameter of 100 ft. and configured as a bomber, recon, or transport
version 1s expected to have speeds up to Mach. 3.5 and ranges sufficient for
intercontinental operations. Time to climb from the ground to 65,000 feet
would be about 2 minutes.
Let us now review briefly what we have in the offing. We have an air-
craft capable of taking off and landing vertically climbing to altitude in
an exceedingly short period of time, and able to cruise at very high speeds.
In addition, it can hover, and has great lifting capabilities. And what does
this meant
No requirements for long runways of concrete or other hard surface.
No need for the new type aireraft carriers. Any naval vessel of sufficient
size can carry an aircraft of this type.
We have here an aireraft capable of
great maneuverability and high altitudes. What would such capabilities mean
to an invasion force. And how about its uses for pursuit, reconnaissance,
ambulance, bomber, or transport. The artist conception of its use with a
submarine is a particularly deadly combination. The installation of armament
cran
NW 91198 Dacid 84145715
Page 251

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2747, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* 1 not seen to present any specific difficulty. Guns or rockets may be
mounted in the nose, or to fire out of the intake. Similarly, radar may
be Installed in a nose pod or if scan is considered adequate, inside the
intakes, where the drag penalty will be less. New types of side 100k
antennas may work very well on this type of configuration. Guided Missiles
may be carried externally. A larger bomber version of the aircraft 1s
visualized as having more available payload space in the central well.
The aircraft under study has an ample margine of thrust/weight to lift
additional military load from the ground. Performance penalty will there-
fore only be felt at a somewbat reduced range and celling. Top speed 1s
unlikely to be affected, since the drag due to lift is extremely small for
this condition. Larger aircraft may be expected to have a longer range,
but no detail figures are yet available. However, intercontinental ranges
do not appear to be impossible.
When such an aircraft has been proven by tests, it will no doubt have
a great affect on the design and requirements for many other types of m111-
tary equipment. Let us for a minute review some of the changes that might
be apparent.
RADAR - Due to the speeds involved, it is possible that the present type
of airborne radar will be entirely inadequate. And, due to the possible
speeds and altitudes, our presently designed ground radar equipment might
be uselees for most purposes.
ANTIAIRCRATT ARTILLARY - It is very doubtful that such weapons as now
available in this field would be very useful.
SURFACE-IO-AIR GUIDED MISSILES - The presently mown G/M designs would
hardly be adequate for use against bombers with speeds up to Mach. 3.5
flying at 80,000 It. Especially if those bombers had a good capability
for maneuvering.
As one of the principal requirements for SAM appears to be to overcome the
time delay in getting interceptor 4/0 into the air and to the target, it
is possible that the job could be done better with an interceptor model of
the gyroplane.
AIR-TO-AIR GUIDID MISSILES - There 1s some doubt present designs would be
very useful against such bombers.
SUB LAUNCH G/M - What would be better - a manned gyroplane flying from a
sub from 500 n.m. out, or a guided missile launohed from 200 to 300 n.m.
with the inherent errors of such a system?
From an intelligence aspect this type of aircraft should be watched
very closely. Mr. Frost has stated that the idea is not entirely his wen.
All of the basic information on the first model has been available to other
nations for many years, especially those nations in Central Europe. Mr. Irost
believes that other engineers could very easily have duplicated his effort.
SECRET
NW 911198 Daold 34745775
Page 202

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3814, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
While the application of the "Coanda Effect" appears to be Mr. Frost's 1dee,
he Ieels that such an application could have been apparent to engineers in
Germany and the Soviet Bloc nations.
Ivo particular reports, although of
low reliability, are of interest.
The first deals with an individual who,
while riding a bicycle down a country road in one of the Satellite countries,
observed a flying saucer descending from above and hovering above the ground.
He stated that suddenly the saucer accelerated rapidly and while gaining speed
and altitude wobbulated with a slight counter clockwise rotation until a cer-
tain speed was attained. Mr. Frost has been quoted as making the statement
that his prototype would act in the same manner if full tbrust was applied
atter hovering.
The second report deals with a fieldhand who, with others,
was at work when a saucer-shaped aircraft landed in a nearby field. He re-
ported that the aircraft had Soviet markings on it and that one or more
persons climbed out of the aircraft. Immediately police or some sort of
authority appeared on the scene, placed a cordon around the aircraft and
arrested this man's co-workers.
The Informant escaped and reported the
Incident. While it is admitted that such reports may be fabricated, the
possibility cannot be overlooked that the information is essentially true.
As an example, in the electronic field a review of low reliability reports
has indicated that a large proportion of the sources gave an honest
description of what they observed and that intelligence analysts failed to
French interest in flying saucer designs and of reported German activities
in this field during the World War. Of the Germans supposedly in this field
of activity we have four names. George Klein, who in Apr11 1953 resided in
Hamburg, claims to have been the chief engineer of all flying dise projects.
However, his principal importance seems to be that he knew of the existence
of such projects and has called attention to other Germans in the field.
Otto Habermohl, who has not been heard of since the end of the wax, is re-
ported to have had a project for a 16 meter diameter flying saucer which was
test flighted on 14 February 1945 at Holice. Rudolf Schriever, who died in
1945, was a designer/ test pilot at BMW Works at Prague.
He is reported to
have constructed a flying saucer, which at a trial in April 1945 falled to
Leave the ground.
Robert Wiethe, who is supposed to have entered the .s.
in 1953, is reported to have constructed a 43 meter diameter flying saucer
(T-7) which was flown with a crew of three 1a 1944. In August 1944, the
Cesko-Moravske Works in Prague 1s reported to have received a production
order for a short series, but none was finiahed by the end of the war.
Miethe remained in Breslaw, whence he escaped in an ME-163 one jump ahead
of the Russians.
The Russians captured three of Miethe's principal assist-
ants and his workshops.
In March of 1954, a man by the name of Bruno
Berberich, who claims to have entered this country in October 1953, forwarded
to the Senator from Ohio a manuscript and drawings of how he would build a
flying saucer.
These were in turn sent to the legislation and Liaison Division
of Headquarters, USAT, who sent them to AFOIN. General Samford's offlee had
them sent to ArIO for
translation from German to English. The big question
is "Could this man be Robert Miether" Last, projects on the Coanda Effect
have existed at two satellite universities.
It has been said that Mr. Frost
has made the statement he personally believes that the Soviets could be as
much as two years ahead of Canada at this time. If such be the case, the
interceptor application would have a serious effect on the effectiveness
of the Soviet Air Defense capabilities.
- Wr
said
NW 911198 Dockd 84745715
Page 253

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 185, "chars": 1174, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PARALY
SUMMARY
We have presented to you some evidence that flying saucers are within
the capabilities of the existing "state of the art" in this country and
Canada. The "state of the art" is well known in European countries. The
Coanda effect has been known to all countries and the application is not
beyond the capabilities of the Soviets.
It is possible that German projects
tor Ilying saucers exiated at the end of the war.
The man considered
possible tope in this field is supposed to be in the S. now. We have
reports on eye witnesses of flying saucers in Soviet territory.
PARE Y
RECOMMENDATIONS
It is recommended that:
1. The entire intelligence community be alerted to a possible Soviet
activity in this field.
20
All existing files on foreign flying saucers should be reviewed
and analyzed.
Bruno Berberich should be interrogated by intelligence analysta
who have a full background on existing intelligence.
4.
Robert Miethe should be found. Possibly Miethe could have changed
his name to Bruno berberich or some other allas.
A collection requirement should be placed on all agencies in the
field including the Attaches.
6
SECRET
NW 911198
Page 254
Dadlo 84745775

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 300, "chars": 2002, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOIN-X/Lt Col Bloomer/t.jc/54738
Wrta 13 Jaa 55
SECRET
JAN 1 3 1955
MENORANDUM, FOR GENERAL SAMPORD
SUBJBCT: Article "The Plying Disc" in December Issue of the Alr
Intelligence Digeat
1. During the latter part of November I vas approached by
Major Hosford and saked for a new summary or statement of postion
on uPo's, preferably classifled, for use in the Alr IntelLigence
Digest in connection with an artiele on a revolutionary new type
of aireraft. I stated our position regarding Uro's and indicated
that our best efforts in this field vere constantly directed to
discouraging, alalaizing, and playing dova any and all attempta
at publicity, not exoluding clasattled vehicles such as AID.
2. Major Hostord accepted thia statement, indicating that
the article on the new aircraft would be published without the
coupanion piece on UPO's and suggested that I glance at the final
drast.
3. I read the final draft and slace I bad not been previously
briefed on thia project I querted Major Bosford regarding AFOIN
and Air Start coordination. He repiled in the attirative and
Indicated that ve vere on solld ground but that the project hereto-
fore bad been handled very circumspectly. My final suggestien vaa
to eliminate the last paragraph of the article with a UPO tie-in,
Valch vas probably overlooked betore publication.
4. Since the receipt of the memorandum from the Executive
Secretary of the Selentifle Avisory Board (Iab A), my Investigatlons
have revealed the following:
The extent of coordination on the article to AID vas
as tollowa:
Mr • Bollu
- 201
Mr Bachman
It Colonel Parrior : 201
Colonel Zo11er
20
Mr. Gilmore
Colonel Adana
28
- 2A
D. Mr. Bollum ves under an erroneous Impresalon that the
project had been favorably considered by the Air Council and so
advised Major Hostord.
c. Colonel R. M. Wray, Chief of the Aeronauticel Division,
Directorate of Research and Development, advises that the present
state of the project within DCS/D 1s as follova:
NW 911198
Page 219
Dacht 34745775

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2135, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
(1) Despite the unfavorable tone of the Selentifle
Advlaory Board, report responalble key technicians
withta DCS/D are split into two groups on the
Teasibillty of the project.
(2)
In vier of thie feeling vithla DCB/D, Ceseral
Putt's letter to ARDC the laat week in Decenber
was, 1n effect, & comprontsed position. The
Letter directed ARDC to avard a contract to
A. V. Roe, Itd., for certain vind tunnel testa,
and further indieated that additional U. S.
developnent funds would be decided on the
basis of the data analyaia produced.
5. During General Watson'a last vialt bere he discussed vith ne
& letter (Jab D) vhich had been prepared for bia siguature by one of bts
staff but which be refused to sign to you because of ita tone. He feels
strongly, hovever, that the monitorship of this project should be the
province of ATIC and differa greatly ia his personal vievs with the
article in AID.
costhe Memorandim tror RacoroaRab Curexaletnne Tul backeroua
two consideratlons:
a. A feeling in OIN-20 that thia project vas "hot" and thet
no one alse vas acting for OIN.
b. Avallebtlity and "entree" afforded OIN-2 by Squadron Leeder
Nelawright.
lo action bea been taken on any of the recormendations nade
in the M/R by Colonel Morrow and he has instructed Mr. Bollum verbally
to dacontinue rurther vork and brierings on the projeat.
7. In view of the above I offer the following reconmendatlona:
a. Because of the divided opinions within and outside of the
Atr Statt on the feastblllty of Project "X", no further articles or
briefings on this project should be accomplished without your personal
approval. (Colonel Adams and Colonel Morrow coneur.)
b. Io attempt should be made la an early issue of AID to
atate the case for Project "Y" in nore objective terne aince any attempt
to de so would only serve to further "muddy the waters." OII-2 and
DCS/D concur.
o. At their carliest conventence, General Watson and Colonel
Morrow should have a discusaion directed tovard the transition of
responatbility for monitorship of Project "Y" from OIN-20 to ATIC.
Colonel, Morrow and General Watson concur•
NW 91198 Dach 34745775
Page 256

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 264, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRE
d.
No reply should be made to the memorandun tron the
Executive Secretary or the Scientific Advisory Board.
JOSEPE A.BLOOMEK
Le colonel, USAP
Directorate of Intelligence
v D/I File Cy, X2B2
AFOIN-A
Lt Col Bloomer
3
SECRET
NW 91198
• Dachal 34745775
Page 217

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 2017, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-SECRET
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
JAN 1 3 1955
MEMORANDUM FOR GENERAL SAMPORD
SUBJECT: Article "The Flying Dise" in December Issue of the Air
Intelligence Digest
1. During the latter part of November I was approached by
Major Hosford and asked for a new summary or statement of position
on UPO's, preferably classified, for use in the Air Intelligence
Digest in connection vith an article on a revolutionary new type
of aircraft. I stated our position regarding UFO's and indicated
that our best efforts in this field were constantly directed to
discouraging, minimizing, and playing down any and all attempts
at publicity, not exeluding classified vehicles such as AID.
2. Major Hosford accepted this statement, indicating that
the article on the new aircraft would be published without the
companion piece on UPO's and suggested that I glance at the final
drait.
3. I read the final draft and since I had not been previously
briefed on this project I queried Major Hosford regarding APOIN
and Air Staff coordination. He replied in the affirmative and
indicated that we were on solid ground but that the project hereto-
fore had been handled very circumspectly. My final suggestion was
to eliminate the last paregraph of the article with a UPO tie-in,
which was probably overlooked before publication.
4. Since the receipt of the memorandum from the Executive
Secretary of the Scientific Advisory Board (Tab A), my investigations
have revealed the following:
a. Ine extent of coordination on the article in AID vas
as follows:
Mr. Bollum
- 2C1
MX Bachnan
- 2CL
It Colonel Farrior - 201
Colonel Zoller
- 20
Mr. Gilmore
- 2B
Colonel Adams
- 2A
b.
Mr. Bollum was under an erroneous impression that the
project had been favorably considered by the Air Council and so
advised Major Hosford.
Colonel R. M. Wray, Chief of the Aeronautical Division,
Directorate of Research and Development, advises that the present
fili
the
SECRET
NW 91198 Dadd 34745775
Page 258

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2224, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
(1) Despite the unfavorable tone of the Scientific
Advisory Board, report responsible key technicians
within DCS/D are split into two groups on the
feasibility of the project.
(2) In view of this feeling within DCS/D, General
Putt's letter to ARDC the last week in December
was, in effect, a compromises position. The
letter directed ARDC to avard a contract to
A. V. Roe, Ltd., for certain wind tunnel tests,
and further indicated that additional U.S.
development funds would be decided on the
basis of the data analysis produced.
5. During General Watson's last visit here he discussed with me
a letter (Tab B) which had been prepared for his signature by one of his
staff but which he refused to sign to you because of its tone. He feels
strongly, hovever, that the monitorship of this project should be the
province of ATIC and differs greatly in his personal views with the
article in AID.
6. The Memorandum for Record (Tab C) explains the full background
of the entry of OIN-2 into this project which briefly was governed by
two considerations:
a. A feeling in OIN-2C that this project was "hot" and that
no one else was acting for OIN.
b. Availability and "entree" afforded OIN-2 by Squadron Leader
Wainwright.
No action has been taken on any of the recommendations made
in the M/R by Colonel Morrow and he has instructed Mr. Bollum verbally
to discontinue further work and briefings on the project.
T. In view of the above I offer the following recommendations:
a. Because of the divided opinions within and outside of the
Air Staff on the feasibility of Project "y", no further articles or
briefings on this project should be accomplished without your personal
approval. (Colonel Adams and Colonel Morrow concur.)
b. No attempt should be made in an early issue of AID to
state the case for Project "y" in more objective terms since any attempt
to do so would only serve to further "muddy the waters." OIN-2 and
DCS/D concur.
c. At their earliest convenience, General Watson and Colonel 01
Morrow should have a discussion directed toward the transition of
responsider fur aunt social or pridest no? from dat-s co a2ich Marle
Colonel Morrow and General Watson concur.
2
SECRET
NW 91198 Docld.3414a/15
Page 239

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 227, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
d. No reply should be made to the memorandum from the
Executive Secretary of the Scientific Advisory Board.
oK
Cis
JOSEPH A. BLOOMER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence
3
SECRET
NW 91198
Page 260
Dadl: 84745775

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 1057, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MENT
DED
- SECRET
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
14 December 1954
MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, AFOIN
SUBJECT: Scientific Advisory Board Report on AVRO "Flying Saucer"
Project.
1. Attached for your information is a copy of a recent re-
port of the Scientific Advisory Board on their study of the "fly-
ing saucer! project of A. V. Roe, Canada.
2. Your attention is particularly invited to the generally
negative findings with regard to technical feasibility expressed
in this report, in contrast to the general impression of techni-
cal soundness and optimistic expectations conveyed in the article.
on "The Flying Disc" published in the December, 1954, issue of
the Air Intelligence Digest.
3. This report was submitted to It. Gen. D. I. Putt on
10 December in response to his previous request for SAB comments.
Inclosure
1. Avro rpt, cy 2
Chick n.
ascA
CHESTER N. HASERT
Executive Secretary
Scientific Advisory Board
Office of the Chief of Staff
AFCSA 43/
NW 911198
Dadl 34745775
Page 201

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1852, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
27 December 1954
Major General John A. Samford
Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAT
Washington 25, D. C.
Dear General Samtord:
I am quite concerned about the artiele, "The Flying Dise," and
paragraph 1, "Editor's Notes," which appeared in the December issue
of the Adr Intelligence Digest. It caused quite a bit of consterna-
tion in my organization.
nas article was not submitted to my shop for teennice
cordinatten probably on the baste channe were not interested
Mr. Bollun, AFOIN-20, in his Menorandun for Record, dated
1 October 1954, Indicates
that my organization had very
interest (technically) in this development.
Little
My personnel have been
attempting to acquire all technical information on this subject
since February 1953 and they have been told this project is very
highly classified, "stay out," Even with this roadblock, the Center
has enough information to know that the technical information in the
article is incorrect for the "medium size" vehicle.
the All range
is 1500 NM, while A. V, Roe estimates 620 miles; the AID altitude
was 90,000 it, yet A. V. Roe states 80,600 feet to date. To nake
matters worse, the "large sise" and the "small size" vehicle perform-
ance have no technical basis insofar as the WAJO project engineer for
SILVERBUG could deternine.
Our Air Force does not, at this date, have a development con-
tract with A. V. Roe, Itd., Canada, yet the article and Editor's
Note will lead one to believe that we have this contract going full
torce.
The last item noted by my people concerns security. This pro-
jeet is still of a sensitive nature due to the present negotiations
between ARDC and A. V. Roe, Itd., Canada. I am advised that WADC
has advised Headquarters ARDC that the article violates the "need-to-
know" of existing security policies.
754-18661
SECRET
NW 441198 Ladl: 34743175
Page 202

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 349, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
Major General John A. Sanford
27 Dee 1954
I, therefore, suggest that the nonitorship of Project SILVINBUG
(UNCL) be removed from AFOIN-20, and that in the future all technical
information on this project be acquired from my analysts.
Sincerely,
H. E. WAISON
Brigadier General, USAP
Cormander
SECRET
T54-18661
NW S1M98
Page 263
Dadit 34745775

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2311, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOIN-2A4
17 December 154
ALSMORANDUM FORE CHILE AFOIN-2A
SUBJECT: Flying dise artiole, Air Intelligence Digest
1. Reference the Seientifie Advisory Board report throwing cold
water on the idea of support for the Canadian project, I have contacted
officere in DOS/D and the Secretariat, Air Force Council, and have
talked with is. Bollum of AFOIN-20, who submitted the artiole to us.
2. Colonel R. M. Wray (x71510, 48341), chief of the Aeronautica
Division, Director of Reseazch and Development, DOS/D, saya that he
has prepared a letter for General Putt's signature addressed to ARDO
on the sub jot. Be does not wish to reveal the contents of the letter
until he is sure that 16 has General Putt's approval. He suggested I
contaot him again next week.
3. Major Linn (x79175, 50940), Secretariat, Air Force Council,
informs me that the Couneil held a meeting on 14 June 1954, at which
representatives of A. V. Ros presented the case for Project Y. The Council
took no aotion and has taken none since then.
4. Me. Carl W. Bollum Ss. (x55867), APOIN-201, holds strongly
to his opinion that the project has merit. He pointa out that some of
the material in the Solentitle Advisory Board report does not disprove
Project Y theories, but that the report instead states that it would
take a good deal of expense to prove the theorles. Ile feels that he
is restricted in further pursuing thie subject, since the word has
come down to him verbally to discontinue work on it.
He mentioned the
Seientific Advisory Board report to Colonel Morrow this morning, and
handed the colonel a copy of the report with the hope that he would
be instructed to look into the matter.
5. Reocrmende tiona :
a. That 11 a question comes from General Samford on this
project, we advise waiting until we know the DOS/D declaion before
taking any aetion.
b. That the DOS/D decision should strongly influence. our
orn position on the subjeet.
e. That, 1f the DOS/D decision ia unfavorable, we consider
additional material in the Digest modifying the original article. Hoeuver.
in view of the faot that the project is backed by a reputable aviation
company and that there are divergent views on the subject, we should be
cautious that we do not say the flying dise is impossible.
BOTEN 1.
HOSPORD
Ma jor, USAP
NW 911198 Deed 34745775
Page 204

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 439, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOIN-2A4
28 December 1954
MEMORANDUM FOR: CHIBE, AFOIN-2A
SUBJECT: Flying Dise Project
Colonel Wraye of DCS/D as yet (22 December 1954) has no final
decision from General Putt on the above subject.
When he receives
the decision, he will notity me and has promised to get together in
a discussion on it.
BOWEN I. HOSFORD
Major, USAL
Directorate of Intelligence
BACHMAN 2C1
FARRIOR Ze1
ZoEn че
GILMORE 2B
2А
NW 91198 Dad: 24743775
Page 265

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1908, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BIN-2x/Rewrtn 25 Jul/cp1 echneider/gmk/
77275
Jut 2-2
XNEAC
АFОXИ-R04
AFOUP
APODC
Coordination
81gneture
1/Col Whitman/ope
JUL 2 8 1955
1760
52466
(toret) Request NEACtor Dimediate Fighter Beranble Agetnst Flying Objecta
1. On 6 July the crew of a KC-97 tanicer reported the sighting of an unidentifled
orne object in the Jewfoundland area (49101/5950M) .
At the time of the sigating a
GCT radar In the seme ares obtained a radar retur of an object which apparently waa
Identical to the one the KC-97 crew had under visual observation. A connittee, appointed
by this Directorate to evaluate this sighting revered reports sumarizing the incident
by the fortheast Alr Connand. The cordttee tentatively attributed the sighting to
electrical pleaseson and visul misinterpretation by airerow sembare. At the sane tune,
hovever, the cord ttee discussed the possibility that the object night have been an
high perfornance unconventional airereft. Thie Directorate 1s or the opinion that the
development of such au aircraft by an untriendly nation vould constitute a serlous s
technological threat to the United States, and therefore every effort met be made to
identify sightings in the future.
In Ita discussion of methoda to be used to obtain identification or objecta
sighted in a sintlar feshion in the future, the comittee concluded that the method
possessing the most Ilkelihood of success vould be interception of the object by fighter
aireratt and recommended that in the event of future ineidents of thie nature sighters
Athin range be scranbled vithout delay.
Northeast
drects the berete Or gaters GO recommended by the Courtee.
BACOAIKDALICH
4. Bigoature of attached message.
1 Dạcl
сторовей нав то
Car AAC
FRANK B. CHAPPELE
Colonel USAB
Directorate of Intelligence
Coord cy, or
Cmbk. Cy OIN-2C4
Cy for AFODC
Cy for AFODO
Cy for AFOIN-2
Cy for AFOIN-2C
Summary & Read Cy
NW 911198 Dadd 04746775
Page 266

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1873, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALCOP
Coordination
Signature
Lt Col Wai tman/ope
52\66
(Secret) Request AAC and IAC for Imediate Pighter Serenble Against 7aying Objecte.
On 6 July the crew of a KC-97 tenker reported the sighting of an untdentified
adrborne object in the levfoundland ares (49101/59501). At the time of the sighting a
CCI radar in the some ares obtained a radar return of an object which apparently van
Identical to the one the 0-97 crew had under vlaual observation. A connittee, appointed
by this Directorate to evaluate this sighting revieved reports aumerizing the incident
by the Northenst Air Commend.The corndttee tentatively attributed the aighting to
electrical phenonenon and visual aisinterpretation by airerey merbers. At the sane tine,
hovever, the committee discussed the possibility that the object night have been an
bigh perforsance unconventlona, airerate
Thia Directorate 1s of the opinion that the
develognent of such an aireraft by an unfriendly netton vauld constitute a serious
technological threst to the United States, and therefore every effort must be made to
Identify sightings in the future.
2.- In ite discussion of nethods to be used to obtain identification of objecte
sighted in a sindlar feshion in the future, the committee concluded that the nethod
posseeing the most Ilkelthood or success yould be interception of the object by Righter
It and recommended that in the event of future ineidents of this nature fighters
i cata range be serenaled authout dozey-
3. Attached as TABe A and 3 ere two proposed messages to the Comanders, Northeast
end Alesian Alr Connenda, directing the scramble of tighters as recommended by the
committee.
4.
bignature of
9/121
COORDINATION:
AFOIN-2C4
AFOIN -2
APOIN
COL.
Roiner
Coord cy, APOLI
Cubk. cy,
AFOIN-204
ey for APODO
cy for AROOP
су Тог АРОШ-2
cy for AFODI-20
Stybk су, АРОIN-204
NW 91198 Docd: 34745775
Page 261

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 881, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COVER SHEET F
SUSPENSE
ORIERY OF BASIC
DATE
SUBJECT
TYPE
DATE
ASSIGNED BY
NO
(Unel) Memorandum for Record
ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action.
action; v for coordination.)
Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action.
OIN-I
OISIX
OIN-2
OIN-EX
DIN-3
OIN-3X
AFOIN
AFOIN-X
AFOIN-X
OIN-XI
OIN. X2
70:
AFOIN-X
FROM:
SR ARMY OFF
SR NAVAL OFF
CABLES
FILE
DISPATCH nets 7/28
DATE
25 JUL 1955
COMMENT NO.
4
AFOIN-2X
COMMENTS (Use reserse, If meccasary)
Forwarded for your approval and signature.
с. в.-
TRUE
ame
Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence
2 Incis
2/c
When inel (s) No. __ / 7
is/are withdrawn (or not attached),
mate classification
of this correspondongo will bo down-
graded to lucassiled
accordance with Par 250, AFR 205-1.
AFHQ
FORM
14 JAN 53
0-86
PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAYMENSI
NW 91198
Page 268
Dedld 84745115
GPO - 888934

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 1041, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COVER SHEET
SUSPENSE
ORIGIN OF BASIC
•OIN-2C4
DATE
12 Jul 55
SUBJECT
Memorandum for Record
ТУРЕ
DATE
ASSIGNED BY
NUMBER
c/s
ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to denote
review prior to action. Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action.
action; Vlor coordination.)
IN
OFFICE
OUT
OFFICE
OUT
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OIN- 1
OIN• 2
OIN- 3
OIN- 1X
OIN• 2X
OIN•3X
OIN-2C
0IN-204
OIN-201
шлос
OIN-202
0LN-203
OIN-205
OFFICE
OUT
AFOIN
AFOIN
AFOIN-X
AFOIN- X
OIN- XI
OIN• X2
OIN-X3
OIN-X4
OIN-X5
CABLES
FILE
DISPATCH
TO:
DATE
AFOIN- 2
FROM:
APOIN -2C
COMMENTS(Use reverse, IT necessary)
COMMENT NUMBER 3
It Col Whitman/bps/52466
Attached is an Air Staff Surmary Sheet complying with paragraph 2.a. of Comment
2.
2 Inels
Inel 1 n/c
Added 1 Incl
Summ. sheet w/2 inels
VIRCT . 208Я
Colonol,
USAT
Directorate of Intelligence
withdraws 07
mot
attached,
alassifloation of
this correspondens
or changed to
Unclashed none on
Рет - 800%
UтR 20B-2.
FORM
AFHO
15 JUL 54 0-86
PERVIOUS EDITTONS OF,THIS FORM MAY BE USED,
NW 911198
Dadh 34745175
Page 269
GPO 878520

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1503, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COVER SHEET
SUSPENSE
ORIGIN OF BASIC
OIN-2C4
DATE
SUBJECT
TYPE
DATE
ASSIGNED BY
NUMBER
Memorandum for Record
ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to
denote
review
prior to action. Initial "0U?" column to denote review of completed action.
for.
action; Vfor coordination. |
IN
OFFICE
OUT
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OUT
OIN• 1
OIN• 2
OIN- 3
AFOIN
OIN- 1X
OIN-22 5 JUL 1955
OIN- 3X
AFOIN
OIN-2C
AFOIN-X
OIN-2C4
AFO IN -X
OIN-201
inof
OIN-XI
OIN -202
wilS
OIN-X2
OIN-2C5
WEg
O IN - K3
OIN- X4
OIN• X5
CABLES
PILE
TO:
R
DISPATCH
AFOIN-2
"(Rec'd 12 Jul)
FROM:
COMMENT NUMBER
APOLN -2C
Col. MacDuft/bps/52466
COMMENTS(Use reverse, if necessary)
TO: AFOIN-2C
ROM: AFOIN-2X
15 July 1955
COMMENT NO. 2
Col Schneider/gmk/77175
A copy of your attached M/R recommending collection action has been passed
to AFOIN-1X and AFOIN-2A.
2. It is desired that you take the following two actions;
Prepare & letter to the DCS/Operations, for General Samford's signature,
containing the recommendation of paragraph 9 of your MR.
b. Prepare a paper for release to the RCAF containing the information
included in paragraphs 1 through 6 of your M/R. This paper should be coordinated
through AFOIN-2 prior to release.
* Pes telephone conversation with
Col. Schuvide 18 daly an
1 Incl
shet u
MR prepared sy fausy ad ra the
GEORGY
E. SCHNEIDER
Colonel, USAB
Directorate of Intelligence
ata 11 Jul 55
than a bitte. Enci.
FORM
AFHO 15 JUL 54 0-86
NW 911198 Dadld 84745775
Page 270
GPO
878 528
PERIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 2011, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
AFOIN -2C4
Col. MacDuff/bps/52466
w/11 July 1955
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
M
PROBLEM:
To evaluate Ke 97 crew sightings and ground radar returns of object in
the Newfoundland area (4910N/5950W).
FACTS AND DISCUSSION:
2. OIN-2C directed the OIN-2C cormittee on 8 July to evaluate the 6 July
Kc 97 sightings and CCI radar returns over Newfoundland as summarized and detailed
InCAF IN 15592, ata 6 July 55 and CAF IN 90703 ata 7 July 55.
3. In arriving at the following conclusions the cormittee reviewed reports
summarizing the incident, the crew interrogations and the NEAC evaluation of
the incident. In addition certain new U.S. and Canadian developments in high
performance unconventional aircraft were considered.
CONCLUSIONS:
4. It was concluded that no intelligence is available to support or deny
the existence of unconventional Soviet aircraft comparable to those under
consideration in the Us and Canada and providing performance such as reported.
5. The conmittee was unable to explain the simultaneous ground radar
returns and aircrew visual sightings, and tentatively accepts the NEAC evaluation
attributing the incident to electrical phenomenon on the one hand and mis-
interpretation of the sightings by airerew members on the other.
6. It was further concluded that this incident should be classified as UFOB.
T. This item is not considered suitable for inclusion in D/I Policy Book
or the Daily Staff Digest.
RECOMMENDATIONS:
8. Due to the serious technological threat should unfriendly nations succeed
in developing high performance unconventional aircraft increased effort should
be made by all collection agencies to penetrate the Soviet Research and Development
establishments and programs in order to give the U.S. adequate warning of any
developments in this area.
It is further recommended that in the event of future incidents of this
nature fighter scrambles be effected without delay.
COORDINATION:
AFOIN-2C5, Col. Gwynne, ext. 55530 WEg.
SECRET
sice/
NW 91198 Dach 34746775
Page 211

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2192, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AF RQ-50 (Pey 21 June 48)
H0I 10-5
AIR
ABOOP
ABODC
DEPARTMENS ECRI
AIR FORCE
STAFF SUMMARY
ROUTE
DESIRED ACTION
INITIALS
1
Coordination
AG
2
Signatuge
AUG
1935N
But 3-2 - 1,
SHEET
OFFICE OF PREPARATION
AFOIN-2C4
GRADE - SURNAME
I/Col Whitman/bps
TEL.
52466
THE ENCeS
Mejor Coneral, USAP
Japistant Deputy Chief of Slall,
Operationa 2
DATE
JUL 28 1955
SUBJECT
(Secret) Request NAC for Inmediate Fighter Scramble Against Flying Objects
SUMMARY
1. On 6 July the crew of a KC-97 tanker reported the sighting of an unidentified.
orne object in the Newfoundland area (4910N/ 5950W). At the time of the sighting a
GCT radar in the same area obtained a radar return of an object which apparently vas
identical to the one the KC-97 crew had under visual observation. A committee, appointed
by this Directorate to evaluate this sighting reviewed reports summarizing the incident
by the Northeast Air Command. The committee tentatively attributed the sighting to
electrical phenomenon and visual misinterpretation by airerew members. At the same time,
hovever, the committee discussed the possibility that the object might have been an
high performance unconventional aireraft. This Directorate is of the opinion that the
development of such an aircraft by an unfriendly nation would constitute a serious
technological threat to the United States, and therefore every effort must be made to
identify sightings in the future.
2. In its discussion of methods to be used to obtain identification of objects
sighted in & similar fashion in the future, the cormittee concluded that the method
possessing the most likelihood of success would be interception of the object by fighter
aircraft and recommended that in the event of future incidents of this nature fighters
ithin range be scrambled without delay.
3. Attached as Tab A is a proposed message to the Commander NEACOM, directing the
scramble of fighters as recommended by the committee.
RECOMMENDATION
4. Signature of attached message.
1 Incl
Tent
Proposed Msg to
red in MTR.
Car NEAC
FRANK B. CHAPPELL
Colonel USAF
Directorate of Intelligence
x2в2
24/8/53-
1907
AFODO CONTROL NO 55
SECRET
AFOOP. 41703
1907
60 12578
NW 91198 Doeld: 34745775
Page 272

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 192, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
OUT
AUS1905
DIR/INT
HQ USAF
1N120
OIN-
RECEIVED
6
8
1955 AUG 17 14
54
AFODO
181191
REC'D
23 AUG 1955
DIR INT
HO USAF
GP200
cogr
•2.23:
200)
19
60
1955 AUG 22
DISPATCHED
NW 91198
Page 273
Lind

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 1116, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOIN-204/LtCol Trites/bps/52466
w/5 Aug 55
INT
2-2-7
XINT 2
2-2
хаас
AUG 1955
APOLI
SUBJECT:
(Uncl) Transmittal of USAF Reports of Evaluation
20:
Chielios Start
Royal Canadian Atr Force
Ottava, Canade
ALU:
Director of Air Intelligence
1. Inclosed are summaries (TAB A and TAB B) of the Heedquarters USAP
Comnittee that evaluated to incidents in which USAP aircreft crevs reported
unusual sightings. The ineidents are as follove:
&. A series of sightings by B-47 aircraft crevs over the Canadian
Archipelago between 1 and 8 June 1955. (TAB A)
b. 6 July 1955 sightings of Unidentified Object in the Newfoundland
area by Kc-97 aircraft. (RAB B)
I further information 1s desired in this natter, please addres
request to the attention of Director of Intelligence, Heedquarters USAP.
FOR THE CELER OF STAFF:
2 Incis
PLANTAB A
2. РАВ В
c. U. TRUE
Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence
151 16/
OUT
15 AUG 1955
DIR/INT
HQ USAF
206°
COORDINATION:
AFOIN-204
АРОТИ -20
Allabaratanan
Co. MacDuft
Ibizer
AFOIN-2
С.N)
Име
C. U, TRUE,
VAFOIN Coord. ey
AFOIN-2 cy
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-204 file cy
NW S1198 Dacd 34745775
Page 274

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1305, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUBJECE:
- Arorari Grew Over Candlen Are eage 1955 Bighting By
Information condent 1a Sune 1955 choing by a 17 arenade deal, evalle
2. The connittee conclusions are as follows:
Subject to receipt of additional information, the visual sightinga
on 3 and 8 June 1955 by R3-47 erew members over the Canadian Archipelago vere
airerate of unknown natlonality.
The significance of the radar scope presentations cannot be
evaluated due to leak of detailed infomation concerning the characteristics
of the returns received and the exact nature of the surface below.
The Soviets have the capability of operating reciprocating engine
atreraft from ice surfaces and this some capability could apply to jet operations,
although no tim evidence of Soviet jet aireraft operations from ice 1a avallable.
There 1s no firm evidence that Soviet aireraft vere flying in the
area in question during the time of these neidents.
In the past few years (since 1950), there have been a number of
airerart sightings in the Arette region between Alasia and Oreenland that have
not been identified. The sightings vere derived from reports of contrails,
setual alreratt, sounds of jets and reciprocating engines, and flying objects.
One sighting has been identified as Soviet airerart.
TAS
A
-SECRET
NW 911198
Page 276
Dacht 34745775

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 1053, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUBJECT:
(Unel) Headquarters USAT Evaluation of 6 July 1955 sightinge of
Unidentified Object in the Newfoundland Area.
1. The Headquarters USAT Cormittee on 8 July 1955 revieved all available
information regarding the 6 July 1955 aightings made by the crew of a Kc-97
in Nevfoundland area (4910N/5950) .
2. The cornittee findings are as follows:
a. After revieving all reports received, and considering certain
new U.S. and Canadian developnents in high perfomance aircraft it is concluded
that no intelligence is availeble to support or deny the existence of un-
conventional Soviet airerast comparable to those under consideration in the
U.S. and Canada and providing the performance as reported in this incident.
b. The committee vas unable to explain the simultaneous ground radar
returne and aircrew visual sightings, and tentatively attributes the incident
to electricel phenomenon and misinterpretation of the eightings by airerev
members.
e. That this incident be classified as an Unidentified Plying Object.
TA
NW 91198
Page 276
Dadht 34745775

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 1011, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOIN-2C4
It Col Trites/bps/52466
w/3 Aug 55
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
PROBLEM:
M
1. To forward to RCAF the findings of the Hq USAF Conmittee.
PACTS AND DISCUSSION:
AFOIN-2 formed a committee to evaluate two incidents. The incidents
were as follows:
June 1955.
Sightings by RB-47 erews in Canadian Archipelago between 1-8
b. Sightings by Ke-97 crew near Newfoundland area on 6 July 1955.
3. Results of the Committee findings were forwarded and approved by
AFOII-2. AFOIN-2 recommended that RCAF be appraised of the committee findings.
4. Attached letter to Chief of Staff, RCAT, contains the cormittee
findings.
5. This item is not suitable for inclusion in the D/I Policy Book or
the Daily Stati Digest.
RECOMMENDATION:
6. That AFOIN-2 approve attached letter to Chief of Staff, RCAF.
7. Letter should be forwarded to 184 for further transmission to RCAF.
COORDINATION:
APOIN-2C4 Co1. MacDuff, ext. 52466P30
APOIN-2C Co1. Zoller, ext. 715T7
AFOIN-2
Col. Morrow, ext. 71110
SECRET
NW 91198 Dachi: 34745775
Page 277

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 157, "chars": 1185, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-SECRET
AFOIN-1A3/Ma.j Bogan/31r/76095
Wrtn 9 Sep 55, rewrtn 13 Sep 55
Rewrtn Col Richman/Maj Voorhees/mvr/75818
on 23 Sep 55
INT2-2-7
×9 FOL MY
AFOIN- 1A3
29 SEP 1955
MEMORANDUN FOR THE DIRECTOR, APOIN-l4, WILIGHI-PATTERSON AFB,
SUBJECT: (Unclasaifled) Meteor Data Obtadned by AN/FPS-17
Vx meteorite
Le Reference is made to the attached letter from Rome Air
Development Center, dated 6 July 1955, letter your Headquarters,
dated 14 July 1955 and letter from Air Research and Development
Command, dated 22 July 1955, all with subject as above.
This Headquarters has notified Headquarters ARDC that your
organization is responsible for distributing technical data from
AN/EPS-17. If any unusual dissemination problems arise, which are
not covered by current security policies, it 1a requested that they
be reterred to this Headquarters.
3 Inoles
1. Cy, lur It Hone Air
Development Center,
6 July 55.
2. Cy Itr 2r AFOIN-4,
14 July 55%
3. Cy Itr fr ARDO,
22 July 55.
TRANK B. CHAPPEAR
Colonel USAT
Directorate of Intelligence
121117
12113
OUT
3121
BITSITE
celinan
Nager ogat
SECRE,
/I File Copy
AFOIN-1A3 Comeback Copy
1A3 Operations Section File Cy
9342
NW 91198 Dacle 34745775
Fage 218

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1257, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-SEÇREF:
AFOIN-1A3/Ma.j Bogan/elr/76095
Wrtn 9 Sep 55, rewrtn 13 Sep 55
APOIN-LA3
MEMORANDUM FOR THE DIRECTOR, AFOIN-4, WRIGHT-PATTERSON ATB, OHIO
SUBJECT, (UnclassiFied) Meteor bata Obtatned by AN/#7S-27
1. Reference La made to the attached letter from Rome Al
Development Center, dated 6 July 1955, Letter your Headquarters,
dated 14 July 1955 and letter from Air Research and Development
Command, dated 22 July 1955, all with subject as above.
2 This office has notitled Headquarters Air Research and
Development Cormand by separate letter that your suggested diatri-
bution plan for technieal data on redat returns from meteors and
misailes is satisfactory.
3. It is requested that your Center assume conplete responsi-
bility for the control of subject data for D/I Headquarters USAF
with particular emphaais on the release to connercial fIrns. It the
release to connercial firma should generate any need to know" or
security problens, these should be referred to this Headquarters for
resolution.
3 Incle:
1. Cy Itz Ir Rome Alr
Development Center,
2. Cy Itr tr AFOIN-4,
3. Cy ltr tr ARDO,
22 July 55-
AROIN 1A3
AROIN-1X2 A FOrA -IA.
AFOIN-L
corkae reason are r
is muser
SECRETI
File Copy - Directorate of
Intelligence
NW 911198
Page 279
Dadl 34745775

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1629, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
R106
RODIL
SUBJET: (Uncl.) Meteor Data Obtained by AN/PPS-17
Conmander
JUL 6
1955
TO:
Post Office Box 1395
Baltimore, 3, Haryland
Conmander
Air Technieal Intelligence Center
ATTN ATLAA (Lo, Col, James O, Manatt)
Wright-Patterson AP Base, Ohio
1. Radar Set AN/EPS-17 1s obtaining a large quantity of technical
data on radar returns from neteors and missiles. -hese data include
frequeney of meteor trail returns, height of meteor trails, duration and
strength of meteor trail returns, echoing areas of ndasiles, characteris-
The great value of this infor-
mation to groups woricing on improvements of Aadar Set AN/PPS-17 and to
those working on defense against Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles was
diseussed by the AN/PPS-17 Advisory Connittee. This connittee recomnended
that provisions be made to furnish the above type of technical data to
those groups working on ICBM and on the ANl/PPS-17. These groups Include
the Lincoln Laboratory, AFCRO, RADC, and several connercial compantes.
(000032)
2. The technical Information listed above is now being obtained by
the General Electric Company.
At 1s recomnended that the General Electric
Company be given permission by your office to provide NADO with meteor
data obtained by Radar Set AN/YPS-17- RAD wi11 arrange for the dissemina-
tion of these data to other agencies requiring the infornation. t 1s
further reconnended that missile data be furnished to the following"
Professor Radford of the Lincoln Laboratory, Dr. Hollingsworth of APCRC,
and Nr. Howard Davis of RADO. The missile data could be furnished nost
SECRET
05-11n.003658-2
NW S1196 Dachi:34745775
Page 280

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 590, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEC
RET
Hq RADO RODIL Subject: (Unel) Meteor Data Obtained by AN/FPS-17
portions of the from ding duplate of the magnetie type and of ti
portions of the film containing the data.
3. It is strongly recommended that the above action be expedited.
The obtaining of the meteor and missile data by personnel working on the
defense against ICBM vi11 accelerate the program and may result in a
savinga to the Air Force of several million dollars.
BOR THE COMMANDBRE
JAMES W. ANDERSON, JR.
Colonel, USAP
Dir, Directorate of Intel and EW
2
N0 - 3658-2
SECRET
65-1
NW 911198
Page 201l
Dacit 84745775

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1337, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
e1109
ALLA
THRUS
SUBJECT: (Uneaseifled) Meteor Data Obtained by AN/FPS-17
Commander
Air Researe and Development Cornand
ART: RODER (Col Bdverd Friedlander)
Post Office Box 1395
Baltimore 3, Maryland
Compander
INTROD Codenes Anderson, dRe
Griffisa Air Force Base
Rome, New York
Reference 1a made to your letter of 6 July 1955,
subject (U) "leteor Data Obtained by AN/FPS-17" •
2. The release of data to RADO, APORC and Lincoln
Inboratory, is concurred in. Hovever, it is planned to
release these data from this center rather than from the
General Electrie Company, Which will continue to release
data only to the Air technical Intelligence Center.
3. Sinee neither General Electric nor this center
have faellities to reproduce the ragnette tape, Bite 9
wi11 be requested to provide pulse-to-pulse photography,
vhich they can do with exteting equipment.
The Air Technical Intelligence Center vill repro-
duce all "live-data" f11m and make distribution.
5. With respect to meteor data, 1t your office will
specify the number of copies required, and other supporting
details needed, BAD will be furnished these for distribution.
6.
Inds center will zelease these data as expeditiously
as possible.
14 JUL 1955
ORTHE COMMANBER
AFOIN -1A3
122
T. J. CONNAIR,
MAJOR, USAF,
Adjutant
SECRET
355-11566
1. 16
NW 911198 Dact 34745775
Page 282

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 44, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Sea se) : : : mye sve Eon Ue ence SSE NE Ne

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 920, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
JUL 2 2 1955
RDISI
SUBJECT: (Unel) Meteor Data Obtained by AN/TPS-17
T0:
Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAT
ATIN: AFOIN-LA3
Washington 25, D.C•
1e. Reference 1s nade to letter from Rome Ar Development Center,
subjeet as above, dated 6 July 1955, copy attached and letter from
Air Technical Intelligence Center, same subject, dated 14 July 1955
in ansver to the referenced 6 July letter, copy also attached. (UNCL
2. The procedure outlined by the Alz Technical Intelligence
Center on the subject matter is satistactory to this Command.
Request contirnation of this procedure sna/or any sadational
guidance deemed necessary.
DOR LHE COMMANDER:
2 Incla
а/в
JOSEPH J. PELLEGRINI
It Colonel, USAT
Ch, Intel, Recon & Supporting Sys Div.
This correspondence 1a
classified SPRiT because
of the inelosures and will
be downgraded to UNCLASSITIED
upon their removal.
05-46412
SEGRET
NW 91198 Docd: 84745775
Page 284

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
AFOIN-1A3/1aj Bogan/elr/76095/9 Sep 55
Revarta 13 Sep 55
MEMORANDU GOR RECORD
SUBJOR: (Unelasalfled) Meteor Data Obtained by AJl/PPS-27
PROBLEM:
To approve or disapprove the Air Technical InteLLigence Center
plan for distributing data obtadned by AN/7PS-17 equipuent.
BADES AND DISCUBSTONS
2. On July 1952, Home Alt DeveLopnent Canter, reported Chat
W/FPS-17 equipment vas obtaining large quantities or technical date
on radas returna tron mateors and niastles.
Inforation la being
gathered by General Electrie Co. and is considered to be of great
value to personnel working on the technical aspecta of ICBM defense.
3. ARIC, by letter dated 14 July 1955, recommended tolloving
distribution:
From General Sleetria Co. to ATIC where further distribution
vill be made to RADC, AFRC and the Lincoln Laboratory•
4. ARIC vt11 request Site 9 to provide pulse-to-pulse photography
since avallable equipment is in position cheze.
5. Headquarters Ate Research and Development Cormand concurred in
the above outined plan and requeated APOXI-1A3 approval and/or guidance.
Since the subject data la technoal la nature, 10 vas felt
distribution vas adequate. lovever, since General Blectrie Co. 19
collecting the date and the Rome Air Development Center Letter mentioned
"several comercial [irma" as possible recipients of the intoration, 1t
vas felt that APODi should have a control point accountable to AFOIN,
#g USAP. It 18 recormended that APOIN- be responsible for this control.
The attached proposed letter points out this responsibility and establishes
APOLl as the point of contact for decision on reless problens to civilian
T1rns.
7. Is Colonel Adkins, APOX-182, concurs with above approach.
8. That the Chief, APOD-1A3, approve and sign the attached pro-
posed letter to ARD and memorandum to AFOLI-.
JOEY A. BOGAN
Major, USAT
AРОII-1AЗ
SECRET
NW 91198 Dacid: 34745775
Page 205

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1461, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Wetn OIN-1A-P/Maj Buskey/ram/54555/wrtn 3 Now 55
Rewrtn OIN-ILt Col Green/mvr/71592/8 Nov 55
lat2-2-7
x malo
NOV 1 0 1955
SUBJECT: (Une1) Importance of CIRVIS Program
10:
Gormander
indrews Air Porce Bare, Baryle
1. Attached copies of correspondence between this headquarters
and Headquarters, Air Defense Cormand, are forwarded for your infor-
mation and to point up the importance placed on the CIRVIS program by
ADC as an aid in the early warning of a possible attack on the United
States or its forces.
2. Thia headquarters agrees with paragraph 3 of the lat indorse-
ment and takes this opportunity to recommend contruing emphasis on
impressing CIVIS! importance to the civilian agencies involved. We
recognize that the MATS effort in indoctrinating the various comercial
airlines, airline pilots, National Business Aireraft Association member
companies and pilots, and others in similar organizations, has caused
3. The high value which AD has placed on the civilian effort in
CIRVIS attesta to the truly excellent job that has been done by MATS
in thia field. It is considered that continuing work with these agen-
cies is warranted and will pay off by keeping them active in the CIVIS
BY ORDER OF THS CHIBE OF STAPP:
Lo-be hal
1 Incl
Cy ust Ind Is
ig Avo ata 27 000.55
w/cy B/Ltr dta
8 Sep 55g (SBCRET)
19)
101
OUT
135 NOV 1955
HO USAF
1306
19T
Comeback Cy - 1A-P
Reader file lA-P
Wort File Cy
See Coordanton below
SECRET
NW 91198 Dadd 34745715
Bage 286

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1520, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OIN-1A-P/Maj Buskey/ram/54544
Written 3 Nov 55
SE
AFOIN-1A-P
SUBJECT: (Uneld) Importance of CIRVIS Program
то:
Commander
Military Air Transport Service
Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland
1. Attached copies of correspondence between this
headquarters and Headquarters, Air Defense Command, are
forwarded for your infornation and to point up the impor-
tance placed on the CIRVIS program by ADC as an aid in the
early warning of a possible attack on the United States or
its forces.
This headquarters agrees with paragraph 3 of the
1st indorsement and takes this opportunity to recommend
continuing emphasis on impressing CIRVIS' Importance to
the civilian agencies involved. We recognize that the MATS
effort in indoctrinating the various connercial airlines,
airline pilots, National Business Aircraft Association nember
companies and pilots, and others in similar organizations,
has caused them to becone active partidpants in the program.
The present aiga value placed by ADC on the civillan effort
in CIRVIS attests to the truly excellent job that has been
done by VATS in this /eld, one of which we are well aware.
It is believed that continuing work with these agencies 1s
warranted and will pay off by keeping them active in the
CIRVIS program.
Sample chance
i lette see
grun daft above
BY ORDER OF THE CHINE OF STAKE:
Colon
Cy Ist Ind
Hq ADC atd 27 Oct
w/cy B/Ltr dtd
8 Sep 55 (SECRET)
cc: Comeback cy - lA-P
Reader file
LA-P
D/I file cy /
'OIN-1A-P
Bruckey
OIN -1A
3 IN IXI
bole
NW 911198
Page 287
Dinght 34745705

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1834, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOV 3 1955
MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD
SUBJECT: CIRVIS Program
1.
In accordance with AFR 200-3, HQ MATS, is responsible
for contacting commercial airlines and pilots to indoctrinate
them and secure their participation in the CIRVIS program as
outlined in the JANAP 146 series.
2. Intelligence Division, Hq MATS, has done an out-
standing job in this indoctrination, having contacted commercial
airlines, the National Business Aircrait Association, and the
pilots in both. They have secured the cooperation of all
до рода в пода на нано вось
companies and associations through writing a multitude of
They have gone into the field and personally lectured
to regional pilots* meetings and have succeeded in getting a
real interest in CIRVIS aroused for the first time. This has
been a tremendous task and has only been accomplished by an'
exceptional effort. However, the only way to keep the interest
at a peak is to keep emphasizing the importance of the CIRVIS
program to them. MATS efforts must continue.
3. AFOIN-1A-P, wherein lies the responsibility for moni-
toring the CIRVIS program for AFOIN, and in part for Hq USAF,
has long felt that MATS should be complimented in writing on
their fine job, and at the same time be urged to continue their
program.
It is felt that any letter of recognition or
commendation should come originally from CINCONAD and an in-
formal suggestion has been made along these lines.
4.
However, this seems like a good opportunity for
us to easily and naturally show our awareness of and satisfac-
tion for a job well done. Hence, the forwarding of the
correspondence from ADC by the letter indicating our apprecia-
tion. It is felt that we should take this chance to help
them continue the good work.
Paul D. Buckey
PAUL Q. BUSKEY
Nator, USAP
Direatorate ef tatehitgense
NW.91198
Page 260
Dach 34745775
