{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57969","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5501105.json","updb_database_id":5501105}
{cak} hovering above our apartment we we returned home.It began moving towards us and I jumped out of the truck. Husband wanted to follow it. Our memories of event were taken until years later. I believe we were either abducted or had memories blocked.

My husband and I were driving home from seeing our newborn son in the hospital. Our apartment building was at the end of a road on a cliff. There were 2 roads that led directly to it as it was at the end of both roads. Before we ever got close, from the freeway we noticed a bright light that seemed to be above the area where I apartment building was. As we got to the road that would take us to the apartment we saw it. It was huge, round, silent, with small lights that went around the middle section of the craft. It also had a dome on the top. As we drew closer it began moving in our direction, it was right above the tree tops and the trees were just slightly taller than our 3 story apartment. My husband at the time said that he was going to follow it and I said, "Not with me in the truck!" I remember getting out of the truck close to the entrance of the apartment door. As I was walking towards the door I turned back to see my husband pulling away to follow the craft. I never remember going into the apartment or discussing the event even with my husband after the event occurred until at least 20 years later, when for some reason, the memory of that night returned. I suspect that we could have been abducted, or simply just had our memories erased for a time. When I mentioned the event to my husband, who by then was my ex, he immediately remembered it, but not in as much detail as I did. I am not aware if anyone else saw it and if they had, I bet their memories would have been tampered with as well. I am sure I could find the address to our apartment as it would be listed on my son's birth certificate. At this time all of my belongings are packed as we plan to move to Alaska again. I wish I had pictures.

When I saw the craft, I knew exactly what it was as I had seen a smaller version of it before around December 1975, when the same husband was in the Army and we were living on the military post in El Paso, Texas. It was also late at night. That's a whole other story. One that sort of creeps me out. 

Some family members also witnessed close up sightings as well. My Grandmother saw one hoovering over the end of her trailer where I was sleeping, when I was visiting her in Louisiana, when I was around 8 years old. My mother, the neighbor across the street, and some friends leaving our house saw a small craft as it was hoovering just above our road and when our friends car was driving away it rose to just above the car then in a flash it shot straight up. That happened in front of my childhood home located right across from Houston's Hobby Airport. There were 4 witnesses to that event.
