{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6221,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5511105.json","updb_database_id":5511105}
{cak} Large, glowing object descended through base of clouds, maneuvered erratically, and then ascended through base of clouds out of sight.

This unexplained event occurred at approximately 11:00-11:30 pm on an early June night in graduated from high school at this time) earlier that evening. I had p2012. My good friend and I had been at a bonfire with classmates (we had just icked him up in the afternoon, and had to drop him off at his house that night because he had to be to work in the morning. He wanted to return before midnight as he wished to get a decent amount of sleep (this is how I approximated the time). We drove west across town (Elk River, Mn) on US Hwy. 10 and approached the neighborhood he resides in. We were both smoking a cigarette, and he wished to finish it before he got to his house. This neighborhood has two separate sections, both of which are loops. We turned off the highway, then immediately left (back east) as a way to waste a few minutes so he could finish his smoke. As soon as we turned east, my friend started yelling "LOOK!!! LOOK!!! HOLY S##T!!!" and pointing out the windshield. I slowed down and saw in an instant what had startled him. There was a low cloud deck, and visible in those clouds was a bluish-white glow that was rapidly growing in intensity.(We now believe that the initial light was the objects aura illuminatiing the nearby clouds as it approached them from above.) Immediately thereafter, an object of considerable size (100-200 ft in length, varying between 50-80 feet in width) and unusual shape descended through the base of the clouds (only 2 or 3 thousand feet AGL) under a mile away from us at a shallow angle. The best way to give a reference to the objects shape would be to take two computer mice, cut the front halves off, and place the back halves together. The surface was a dull whitish-blue, and this color was also given off evenly on all sides of the object illuminating an area probably another 30-50 feet of its surroundings. The top was curved and symmetrical, essentially two rounded humps (like the mice) connected by a curved and much narrower middle section. The bottom was flat but rounded at the sides (there were no sharp edges anywhere)with a thin black line running the entire length of the outside of the bottom (think of a gasket in an engine) and numerous, uniform black dots inside the border of the aforementioned line. This is the best description of the characteristics of the object I can offer, and I hope it is not confusing. As it was descending it appeared to flare, the nose came up, yet it simply leveled out in this nose up attitude without losing speed or changing orientation. While moving from the northeast of us (North of Hwy. 10), southward the object slowly rotated and pitched its nose back down. This occurred with apparent disregard to typical aerodynamic considerations (the best comparison would be a space craft or space capsule moving deliberately and smoothly in orbit). It moved maybe a third to a half mile to the south while completing this maneuver. The INSTANT it had rotated 180 degrees (now, almost due east of us) it immediately ascended back through the cloud deck, once again illuminating the surrounding clouds, and disappeared from sight. Both of us were absolutely shocked. I had stopped the truck in the middle of the road, and we sat there in disbelief. There were no wings, no visible engines or propulsion systems, no exhaust was noted, the windows of the truck were down and we heard no sound whatsoever (the distance of the object from us, and the highway should be considered when I say that), no strobe lights, navigational lights, landing lights, or any other lights, no windows, no writing or insignia, no apparent external structures, nothing that would indicate that it was a typical airplane, helicopter, etc. The only light that it was emanating was a uniform glow coming from the entire surface of the object. We sat there for a good half an hour trying to surmise exactly what it was that we had just witnessed, and watching for other lights or objects. We discussed all of the posibilities, discarded many explanations (truck interior reflection, airplane, helicopter, search/spotlight, etc) and could not come to any solid conclusion. I would like to mention, to add at least some credibility to this, that I was going to go through AFROTC while simultaneously undergoing flight training to obtain a CPL. Now, I am simply going to pursue the CPL. Although I have little practical experience, I do have a significant amount of expertise regarding this. I have a good understanding of weather, objects in the night sky, all sorts of kinds of man made aerial vehicles, etc. Additionally, I hunt and fish ALL THE TIME and am very familiar with natural phenomena. Furthermore, I am moderately more intelligent than the average person, performing extremely well in schooling, standardized tests, as well as impressing and gaining the approval of qualified personell in practical, in the field tasks, tests, excercises, etc. I have NEVER, EVER seen anything even remotely similar to what we witnessed that night. It appeared and disappeared in a random manner, defying everything that would be expected of a human manufactured, conventionally/even unconventionally propelled aircraft. Finally, I would like to say that I am not assuming anything about what we saw. I simply would like to know if there is any explanation as to what it was that we witnessed, and, if not, I am happy knowing that this report may help professional, scientific investigators come to future conclusions.
