{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-25 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5468105.json","updb_database_id":5468105}
{jpg} I observed a dark gray cylindrical object.

I came home from my job as a heavy equipment operator, working on a road project, greeted my wife, and started watching the local weather forecast, which was just coming on tv. There was a severe thunderstorm warning in effect for the counties to the north, and moving to the south, towards my area. I walked outside, into my driveway, facing north, to view the approaching storm. I could see a huge dark cloud approaching, and I could see lightning and hear the thunder. I looked up higher into the sky, and off to the northwest and I observed a dark gray cylindrical object, graphite-colored, moving at a very slow speed, in a straight line, making no noise, making its way from north to south. I would estimate that it was at approximately 1000 feet altitude, and 500 feet away from me. It was probably about 100 feet long. I stood there watching it for perhaps 30 seconds, absolutely dumbfounded, uncomprehending what I was seeing. As I watched, the object disappeared into a smaller cloud, which was almost overhead, but to the west, out ahead of the main storm. As soon as I lost sight of it, I ran inside, calling for my wife to come outside and look at what I was seeing. I believe my exact words to her were, 1Come outside, there1s a UFO out here!1 But she never got to see it, because when we both got back outside, only a few seconds later, it never reappeared from the cloud. The object had either hid itself in the cloud, or moved away very quickly in the short time it took me to get my wife to come out. At the speed it was traveling when I saw it, it should have emerged from the small cloud, and should have been visible again. The cloud that had enveloped the object remained pretty much stationary, as the big thunderstorm approached. We stood there for maybe five more minutes observing the cloud, looking for the object, but had to go inside as the lightning intensified, and the main storm cloud merged with the small could that the UFO had disappeared into. We never caught sight of it again. This incident disturbed me on a deep level, because I consider myself to be a very level-headed individual, intelligent, a believer in The Scientific Method, and I realized that I had experienced something that was truly unknown to me. I1ve never reported this incident before, and only told a handful of close friends and family about it. I understand that this is a very low-level encounter, but it made me realize that UFOs are real. I still ponder the implications of this fact every day. It really brought about a paradigm shift in my view of reality, and I1ve become very interested in the subject of UFOs.
