{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-11 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5530105.json","updb_database_id":5530105}
A bright blue/ white light- very large fell to the earth at incredible speed as soon as it hit the power went out.

Between 12:00 and 12:15 am Sept. 11, 2010 I was out walking my dog in the yard when i saw this Bright Blue/White Burning light as high up in the sky as I could see. It was falling at an incredible speed Over Kahului and seemingly landed towards Iao needle north of the airport. It seemed like it crashed into the earth but there was no noise. The second it hit there was a rolling blackout for about 15 seconds. We live at the top of Haleakala and have strange sightings pretty much everyday. 3 nights ago on sept 8th at 1:00 am exactly there were 3 discs floating above the gulch directly across from our house. We are the only ones with a view of this area. they had a band of streaming orange lights left to right scanning movement- over the cattle feilds. we watched them there for about half an hour. it looked like a jellyfish- a disc with lights hanging from below. After watching for about 30 minutes, we tried to take pictures but the phone and camera batteries were all dead, and when we came inside all our clocks read different times. on sept 7th we were driving down old Haleakala Hwy around 5 pm there is always alot of air traffic over Kahului, with the airport right there; however, we spotted an unidentified floating object Straight over the town of Wailuku. It was disc shaped and silver, the sun was reflecting off of it very brightly. It was a little bigger than an airplane but just sitting in one place, that is how it caught my attention. I began to look closer and it began moving to the south at a very slow speed this is when i realized that it was definately no aircraft that i have ever seen. then it definately had my attention. it moved back and forth north to south from Iao needle over to Iao valley 3 times it came back to rest over Wailuku floating there for about another 30 seconds then at incredible speeds it looked like it fell from the sky, hit the ground then shot back up and into Iao valley like lightning. It was the creepiest thing that i have ever seen. I was shaken by that experience deeply, but since then the sightings have only gotten more numerous. 

another extremely strange experience that has shaken me recently actually occured twice. the first occuring on august 23 at 6:00 am driving from Kihei to Makawao Hawaii, I noticed a strange orange/ brown cloud, like a funnel but it wasnt kicking up dirt outside of the funnel. it was just like a tube of smoke coming up from the ground, my first thought was that there was a plane crash, or maybe a fire in the cane fields, but it wasnt moving like normal smoke it was moving in a counter clockwise direction eerily slow. as i got closer i noticed a few unusual police vehicles surrounding the scene. there were men scoping it with binoculars. There was a strange smell coming from the cloud. it definately didn't smell like sugar cane burning. i snapped a few photos with my phone out the window of the car. when i got home and examined the photos i noticed a red orb floating in the cloud i zoomed in and noticed it was a perfect Hexagon shape, red but emitting a silver glow from behind. the shape is very distinct! I had a similar experience with the exact same kind of cloud yesterday Sept. 10 at 6:00 am again near the same spot, towards Paia town. the first picture is from Aug. 23. taken straight from my blackberry phone i havent touched the pictures at all. the second picture was from Sept 2nd we were just driving taking pictures of the scenery trying to get the light coming through the clouds, we didn't see anything at the time but later noticed another flying object in that picture as well. Im not sure what is going on here, but it is definately something.
