{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-08-06 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4191,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5456105.json","updb_database_id":5456105}
{jpg} very dark object, no lights, had a side window with visible human like shapes looking down

This sighting happened many years ago, but I want to finally tell this story before I get too old. I was 21 years old at the time.

Early August, 1980, I left Gulf Port LA, quitting an industrial painting job I returned to my parents house in Wisconsin. (19th Ave, Mauston WI ) a very rural area. 
 I arrived home a few hours later then I had planned, about 11:30 in the evening. My parents had went to bed but my mother greeted me and pointed out some food before she went back to sleep. I sat in the living room having some food, there is a very large picture window facing the south, I was seated facing the window. Our driveway was very long, over a quarter mile, there was a sharp bend in the driveway. I noticed what appeared to be a light shining at a downward angle at this bend in the driveway. My first reaction was someone had inadvertently driven in our driveway and maybe went off the driveway (lights shining down) trying to turn around at that bend. However, seconds later everything (white) in the house, including my white shirt began to fluoresce just as it would under a black light (ultraviolet).
 I stood up and walked closer to the window, in the distance, I could see a very tiny blue light pointing in my direction, the light then angled downward as if it was searching the ground, I noticed at this point it appeared to be coming from above the tree line, also appearing to be getting closer. At this point, I walked out the front door and stood on the east side of the house where I could see down the driveway, it was a very dark night with many stars, however very large trees near the house obscured the sky view to the south.
 I stood there looking around, and heard what I would describe as a combination of a buzz and hum above the trees, I backed up to view the open sky area above the house. I then noticed something was blocking out the stars and was moving slowly and steadily. I was somewhat confused at this point because this thing was BIG, like a large barn size, absolutely no lights of any kind and too big not to make a louder noise. I could not make out much in the darkness but the front of this object appeared to be vertical and flat, the front had many black panels that sort of absorbed any light. This object was moving very slow, almost walking speed or slower.
 As the object moved overhead I spotted a dull orange glow coming in my direction, as it moved overhead it appeared to be a small, maybe 4’ x 4’ window with orange interior lighting. 2 beings stood in the window (window was just at their waist level and just above their heads) one large being stood and had its arm on the shoulder of the smaller being next to it. I could not make out details except that the heads appeared more round and the body shape was very skinny. I was stunned, frightened and wanted to run inside to wake my parents but all I could do was look up in disbelief and shock. I watched the craft or object pass over the house and seen all the stars again, the object went over the trees towards the north and disappeared. However I could still hear the sound of a soft hum for quite some time. I also had the feeling that the beings looking down at me were “father and son” and they were “just exploring” I attempted to tell my parents the next morning but they chalked it up to me being over tired. After that I never really spoke about the incident..
