{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-01 05:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5455105.json","updb_database_id":5455105}
{tjd} Looked like war formations

I was getting ready for work. Headed out the door to have a smoke and as I walked out I happen to look up like I always do and saw these 2 bright orbs flying together then a third came out but I had called my fiancé to come look so I can have a witness. As she closed the door because she was cold I proceeded to walk to the truck so I can start it so I can get the heat started in the truck I saw more and more and more and more and they just kept coming out of nowhere. They were flying in a straight line, then some went left, then some went right, some hovered around a few of them. I took some pictures and my cellphone flash made them start communicating with me. One came down when my cellphone camera flashed but not too close and went back up and then around 9 to 12 of them formed a complete circle around me in the sky and hovered then u can easily notice that 2 of them left the circle and went to one of them who was pulsating in bright white and and red and green and then in a burst of light kind of like a photo they proceeded to go back in formation and start following the others. The one that was pulsating kept I guess communicating with me. It was soooooo many of them. It looked literally like they were going somewhere to wherever it was they were going to like they were on a mission of some sort. I felt like almost as if I was getting trying to be lifted to them. I for at least 30sec or 40sec heard strange voices like whispers almost trying to talk to me. I don’t know what was being said but I kept getting hit with 2 locations in my mind almost as if they want me to go there. I know they want me to go there. I know I will go there. A lot happened. My cellphone kept flashing and going crazy. The headlights to my fiancé’s suv started flashing in what appeared to be Morse code. Like they were trying to tell me something. I took pictures and video. It’s all on my cellphone. I need a computer tech guy to analyze the stuff on my phone and let me know what they are. I know what they are. I kept getting pictures of who they were getting put in my mind as if they wanted me to see them through my thoughts. My truck turned off and on a couple times by itself. Lights got dimmed and brighter. I wasn’t afraid because I don’t know. I felt as if they weren’t there to hurt me, they were just trying to communicate with me. This happens a lot but this is the first time that more than 50 to a hundred of them have come out. I need someone to come out to my address and speak to me. Maybe setup a surveillance area to investigate because they made me feel like they are gonna be back even more.
