{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-11 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5493105.json","updb_database_id":5493105}
taking picture of sunset , noticed object in front of the sun

June 11th 2015 approx. 7pm I was in montego bay Jamaica, holiday inn sunspree building 7 room 7428. Im standing on my balcony to take a picture of our last sunset, I noticed a black dot on the sun. I took camera down to see with my naked eye what the black dot was. I seen nothing. I then checked the lens of the camera for dirt or any obstructions which there was none. I looked back through my camera at sunset and the dot was still there. I moved camera away from my view to again check sun with my eyes, again I seen nothing. so for few seconds I juggle my sight from naked view of sun to viewing through the camera as I was dumbfounded as to what was happening. I took few photos , then took few of other areas to see if the black dot would show up, it didn't . I then took more of the sun to confirm it was actually there and not my camera. After concerning myself with this I called my wife out to see if she saw anything covering the sun. I didn't mention what I was capturing I just asked if there was anything in the sky or in the sun. All she saw was a beautiful sunset. I then showed her what I was seeing . She as well was dumbfounded. There was no noise. We couldn't see it with naked eye only on the go pro. WE sat and watched it for 7_10 minutes, then went back in our rooms as we had dinner reservations. We took pictures almost every sunset but this is nthe only one that we saw this. we were there for 7 days june 5-12.When I got home I immediately downloaded pictures to see if I did indeed capture it and I did. that's when I noticed the red orange orb that was only present in the pictures containing the object. Don't know what this is or could be hopefully you can help as I just want to know what this is.
