{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74687","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4133,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5485105.json","updb_database_id":5485105}
{rjl} Observed Same Object 3 Times

I am combining 4 different sightings of what I believe are the same object into a single report from 2 separate witnesses.

Sometime in October/November 2015, I was discussing UFOs with a co-worker. He told me he had observed some fireballs in the local area where he lived. I didn't think much of it at the time.

1st Personal Sighting - In early January 2016, I observed a red/orange/yellow orb outside my house while walking across my front lawn. It was between the hours of 7pm - 8pm. It was traveling from southwest to northeast in a straight line. It made no noise and I estimate its height to be 2,500 ft. I lost sight of it as it disappeared into the dark horizon sky.

2nd Personal Sighting - Approximately 1 week later at roughly the same time as before, I was leaving my home. I was on my front porch and looked up. Again, I saw the exact same object; however, this time it was traveling for northwest to southeast. I yelled out to my wife to come see this object but by the time she arrived it had disappeared into the night horizon sky. Also the neighbor's roof obstructed the view.

3rd Personal Sighting - Again a 3rd time, I observed the same object but this time it was my place of work. I work at a local airport so I can narrow the time down. It was very close to between the hours of 4:00am - 4:15am. The exact same object was travelling in a northwest to southeast direction at roughly the same altitude as the previous 2 observations; 2,500 - 5,000 ft. I got a good long look at this object because I was walking through a pretty much empty parking lot. 

I would say roughly 30 - 45 seconds after this object passed almost overhead, a twin engine jet along the exact same flight path and very similar altitude flew over. It is my belief this jet was chasing the object. I could hear the jet, whereas, all 3 times the object was silent. This jet appeared to be a 737 or Airbus 319/320; I could see both jet engines mounted underneath the wings on either side of the fuselage. I could not identify if was a commercial aircraft or military because it was almost directly overhead. Also, this jet did not have it's landing lights on and if I remember correctly no navigation lights. The light pollution from this area is pretty bad but I could still and hear the twin engine jet.

If I receive a follow up from MUFON regarding my 3rd observation, I will give more details on why I believe the jet was chasing the object and not a routine commercial/military flight. 

In mid February 2016, I ran into my co-worker whom I previously chatted regarding his multiple sightings of fireballs. I relayed my 3 personal observations to him and much to my surprise, he indicated my sightings seemed identical to his. When he originally told me about the fireballs, I was thinking there was a trail of fire and/or smoke behind but that was not the case. We both saw a red/orange/yellow colored round object travelling across the night sky that didn't make any noise. 

My co-worker also forwarded to me a video he made of one such sighting of this object. The object in his video is much larger than all 3 of my sightings and brighter. Also the object is much lower to the horizon than in my own 3 observations. He told me the video was made on September 15, 2015.

I can't say for sure if the video shows a UFO or is an exact match of what I observed but it is fairly close.
