{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-25 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516105","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2992,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/105/mufon-5516105.json","updb_database_id":5516105}
{nd] Triangle formation, slow assent each slowly fadeing out as they reached the west of view.

As i walked towards a nearby convenience store, i looked down the street for oncomming cars. I noticed a perfect triangle of three moderately bright round orange lights that seemed to randomly pulsate yet were at exactly the same brightness. The group were assending in the sky in perfect fomation as i walked across the street. looking about to see if i could get someone to also see this, a guy in a black pickup was pulling out, i pointed to the lights and said "do you see that" he said "What is that...a UFO? I said "what else could it be". A guy walking up to the store, caught my attention and i motioned towards the sky and as i looked the bottom light slowly dimmed out. I kepted watching as the right object dimmed out and after a few more seconds the last light slowly dimmed and was gone. I think the guy who walked in the store must have said something to the teller because he came out the door and gave me a quizicaled look and i started telling him what i saw as we stepped inside. We talked briefly about the subject of UFOs for perhaps four minutes, then i payed for my goods and stepped out into the parking lot. I again looked up into the sky and was thrilled to see yet again, a single light exactly like the others and moving in the same direction i turned and trotted back to the store and wrapped on the window, the guy turned and looked at me and i made the come-here gesture. He walked out and stood there as we both watched it silently advance towards the south. I commented that there was no strobe light or any navigation (red/green) lights or landing lights, to be seen and again it slowly began to fade and finally vanished into the night. A customer had arived and so he had to go back to his job, as he walked back i said "so do you think im crazy?" he said "no...i never thought that". I walked the hundred yards back to my appartment and told my wife what happened. I took a piece of paper and went out side under the street light to discribe in drawings what i saw and a description of what transpired to the best of my recollections. I have been looking up at the sky hopeing my wife will see the objects as well. I suddenly remembered MUFON and with some trepidation, decided to make a report. Someone else must have seen this event here on a Satarday night.
