Case No. 1177 01082020

Date: July 27, 2020.

Approximate Time: 10:30 local time.

Weather: N/A

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: M. I., 57 years old.

Description: The witness reported having photographed an anomalous aerial phenomenon on July 27, 2020 at 10:30 (HL) while traveling from Los Andes, Region of Valparaíso, towards the Argentine border.

He indicated that there was no direct visual observation of what was reported, but rather it was perceived through photographs taken of the landscape. He described the
The anomaly appeared as a triangular shape, dark in color, and approximately 100 meters in size, flying towards the east from its location. He added that "It is noticeable that it emits energy at its edges." On August 5, the original photograph of the reported sighting was received.

The image that originated the report was analyzed using ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) techniques, confirming that it had not been digitally altered.

The examination of the data within its metadata revealed that...
It was taken at 13:47 (HL) on Wednesday, July 22, 2020, using a Samsung Galaxy S7 (SM-G930F) smartphone. The device was in automatic mode, capturing an image of 4032 x 3024 pixels, with an aperture of 1.7 and a shutter speed of 1/3144 seconds. This allowed the silhouette of what was reported to be seen with little distortion when an electronic zoom was applied.

Photographic analysis confirmed that the photo was taken from inside a vehicle.
The appreciation of the possible emission of energy from the flying object stems from the user's interpretation of a white coloration edge, which stands out against the dark tone reported and the blue of the sky. This is a visual artifact, faint, created by the graphics processor when performing a digital zoom on the image.

Following photographic analysis, the opinion of a specialist advisor in air operations security was requested. In parallel, the hypothesis of a biological origin was worked on, so it was requested to
Independent expertise from the specialists of the Wildlife Ecology Laboratory (LEVS) of the Faculty of Forest Sciences and Nature Conservation of the University of Chile.

One of the specialists from that office reported that what was photographed was a bird in flight and that due to the smallness of its silhouette it was not possible to be absolutely sure of its species, but that it possibly was a Condor, Vultur gryphus.

The specialist advisor in air operations security indicated
that what was reported would be some flying insect or bird not
individualized, which fortuitously crossed in front of the lens of the
camera at the moment of taking the photo.
Images: Two photographs contained in the archives
20200722_134748.jpg and 20200722_134817.jpg. The latter
This document is the one that originated the report of this case and is the one that se
Please appreciate the following.
Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report, from the studies
forensic and photographic and of the results obtained by the advisors
specialists consulted, it was concluded that what was photographed
It corresponds to a large bird of prey in flight.

Due to the characteristics of its flight, it could correspond to a
condor (Vultur gryphus) specimen, although there is no absolute certainty
that it is that bird species due to the distance it was from the camera.
