{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-05-27 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5511089.json","updb_database_id":5511089}
{cak} Large, silent, hovering craft, moving in sync with red transparent beam which was scanning creek behind home.,

It was 38 years ago this month, but I remember it like it was yesterday. My friend and I were driving to her house when I casually looked out the window up at the sky and I saw some kind of rapidly dropping light, which fell and disappeared, similar to a shooting star. I dismissed it as that, until I looked out again a few minutes later and saw the same light moving in odd directions, very fast. It would appear, zip vertically for a second then disappear again, only to reappear elsewhere in the sky, dart up diagonally, then disappear again. This happened probably about 4 times, then stopped, I didn't see it after that. That is until we got to my friends house and stepped out of the car. Above her house (which was a large, five bedroom, two level ranch home), no more than 500 feet from the ground, was an enormous, disc shaped craft, dull silver-gray metallic, still and silent, with a smaller disc shaped area underneath, lighted all around with alternating yellowish lights and portholes. We stood there speechless looking at this thing. What still boggles my mind to this day is how an object that large could be completely silent, even when it starting moving. My friends Dad came to the front door - as I guess he saw us just standing there looking up - and we screamed to him to come outside and look at this object above his house. He laughed at us and shut the door. The craft then proceeded to move horizontally very slowly, and it had a red transparent beam moving in sync with it, scanning the creek behind my friends house. They were studying/scanning the creek, we could see the end of the beam in the water. After it passed the creek, it continued moving and proceeded to move at the same slow rate of speed down her street, toward a private farm which had a open pasture. We got back in the car and followed until we reached the farm and could go no further, but we could still see it. It stopped over the pasture, revved up its "engine" which sounded like three airplanes starting at the same time, and took off diagonally so fast, it was gone from sight in approximately 5 seconds. And that was it, we never saw it again. I went home, got out my binoculars, and sat outside until about 1:00am looking for it, but I never saw it again, and neither did my friend. I will never forget that as long as I live.
