{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5515089.json","updb_database_id":5515089}
big as a house. bright as a spot light.went under OSA lake lit up the lake hoverd in sky

My father and i where on a canoe trip in Kilarney park. We camped on an island in the north east corner of O.S.A lake near the big white quartz cliff on the lake...small island maybe 100 feet across. We had been canoeing all day it was evening we set up camp cooked dinner, fast before dark. The wind was picking up so as soon as we had the tent up. we took shelter and started to read by flashlight...lol Conan the barbarian books. 
As the night went on the wind pick up more and i remember my father say'n 
I hope the tent and us in it don't wined up in the lake. i had to take a wiz
so i went out of the tent and i turned my back to shelter from the wind
i was was within shouting distance to the tent cause i herd my dad say don't piss into the wind and laugh..It was really dark I was urinating when the trees i was facing,away from the wind!! lit up like my dad was shinning a flash light on me from the tent. i turned my head about to yell at my dad when i seen in the lake a huge light big as a house about a 100 yards off shore near the bottom of the lake! The light was so bright it lit up the bottom of the lake like a hot tub with a light on in it!!! I was fifteen young and dumb. I walked right down to the water and was trying to figure out what was at the bottom of the lake i thought it it a lantern... no 2 small or someone threw a flashlight in the lake...no is there another island there... ahh no! Then it left the bottom of the lake and got brighter i ran back up to the tree line on the island calling my dad.. dad come here my dad said Why!!
bad wind out and it was wet..lol i had 2 call him again! COME HERE !!!
I was still watching the light out in the open i was standing up plain view
I was not scared the sphere of white blue light was now at the surface 1\8 exposed now it really really got bright and was now floating well looked like it was floating My dad is a big man(firefighter) never seen him scared in my life. i looked at the bushes beside me my dad was hiding and he yanked me down beside him. every time the sphere moved up or down he would say! Did u see that!! and id reply, Ya i saw that! 
this went on for like 5 min the sphere or object.. it was smooth went back down to the bottom of lake and back up to the surface to float again
then it totally left the water and went about ohh.. 300 feet straight up!! 
i got scared then!! you could see tree line off in the distance across the lake and the stars in the sky under the sphere the distant tree line was a black against the stars in the sky. it hovered there no noise a perfect smooth sphere big as a small house or a truck bright as a spot light
this is the weird part. The thing went back down into the bottom of the lake and stayed there I said to my dad lets get the canoe and go see what it is... my dad said no way what if we get there and and its something we don't want to know about!! Plus its dark and we would never find this island again!! he was right when i think back on it now being a little older and wiser and never ever seeing anything like that again
we watched this thing go up and down for like an hour in the water but it never came to the surface again we finally had to go into the tent to get out of the wind and cold in the morning the air smelled like ozone like after a huge thunder storm (electrical) we canoed over the veryspot looking into the lake the water on OSA lake is very clear.. you can see the bottom in day light... nothin! Needless to say the canoe trip was over 

 this was 30 years ago I am now my dads age at the time and my dad is now  69 Told him i wanted to report this and he is the only other person to see this thus the only proof i know he seen it and he knows I saw it he don't like to talk about it tho! calls it an anomaly
 lol pretty big one id say

wierd i don't remember going to sleep maybe some time missing there
