{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66431","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4041,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5493089.json","updb_database_id":5493089}
{cak} Multiple kinds of UFOs over the course of a few nights

Hello. Back in October 2013 (we've been very lazy in reporting this), my husband and I went on our honeymoon to "The Cuddle Shack" in the mountains of Gatlinburg, TN (the shack does not have an actual address, but this site shows exactly on the map where it is: [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]). Here, over the course of several nights (October 6-9, '13), we saw several unidentified aerial phenomena. 

First, on Sunday night, the 6th, out over the valley to the south (in our direct line of sight from the deck of the shack), there appeared to be, to the naked eye, a stationary object, like a super-bright twinkling star (which didn't make sense as we could see the mountain was behind it). When I looked through our binoculars, the object looked like a diamond and flashed super-bright rainbow colors. Soon after that, a smaller object, which appeared to be a strobe of white light, came in from the left (east) and slowly circled the larger object. Over the course of the next three nights (up to and including the 9th), I noticed these objects together several more times. 

The remainder of the sightings occurred all in the same general area: a patch of sky in the gap between two huge trees right next to, on the west side of, our shack.

On Monday the 7th, the first UFO event of that evening lasted no more than two seconds, and really surprised me. In the space of about two seconds, I noticed a little white light; that light grew really big into a sort of cone or wedge shape; and then the light shot off (like warp drive or hyperspace) into an "arc" at a 45-degree angle up.

About an hour later (still on the 7th), my husband and I were sitting on the deck when I noticed a set of what appeared to be two round, bright white lights going really fast from south to north. First there was one, but when it was about 2/3 - 3/4 way through the gap, the second one appeared, slightly lower. Ten minutes after that, a second set of similar-looking objects, in a similar configuration, went by along the same path, but this time I grabbed my binoculars and was able to make out the shape of one of these objects: It appeared to have the shape of that of a "rounded arrow" or a guitar pick, with the "point" in the front, like this: " (> ". The entire rounded arrow was brilliantly lit.

Finally, on the 9th, while my husband was in the bathroom, I noticed that the more northern-more of the two trees was "lit up"; a white light was mysteriously shining on the back, left top branches of the tree. I heard no sound. I determined that the source of the light must have been coming from somewhere behind the more southern tree, though how, I have no idea. There is no ground, as the mountain slopes down at that point; and, if it were a helicopter, I surely would've heard it as well as saw/felt the wind from the blades.

It might also be worth noting here that, on the 8th, at about 1:00 in the morning, I said to my husband, half-jokingly/half-seriously, that I should try to bang on a tree with a stick and do "Bigfoot calls", since we were in the wilderness. I climbed down and did tree knocking with a branch I found, and, to our shock, somewhere from the distance, there was a return "Whoop"!!! The next morning we looked up Bigfoot sightings in the area and it turns out we were smack dab in the middle of their migratory season for that area.
