{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-16 22:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5512089.json","updb_database_id":5512089}
{dr}First Sighting Feb. 25, Sightings Between March 7th-16th almost everynight hovering in same area.

Right now it is quarter past 11 EST on 3/16 & I just got back from a cigarette break, where this time I took out my binoculars to get a good look at this UFO. This is the 2rd consecutive day Ive witnessed this UFO, with 2 days before that with nothing, but before that I saw it several times. Almost every time it is hovering in the same general area, usually around 11 or just after. This UFO at first seems like a bright star, but after watching it for a few minutes it will move, it moves in circular patterns, or serpentine patters, moves up then down. The first sighting was during a smoke break during overtime in the Celtics vs Jazz on the 25th, so I was out for a quick one when I first noticed it. When the game was finished I went back out and watched it for over an hour, and since I had to be at work at 6am the next morning it had to have been pretty interesting to keep me out in the cold Buffalo weather to watch the sky, & Ill leave it at that. Now, a few nights ago my friend (whom Ill call J) & I were talking about what I had saw (not just that one day, but then another time a few days later) I was saying like, "well it looked something like that," and pointed. It just so happened that after watching the starlike object I had pointed out that he said that it looked like it was moving, and that it was definitely flashing lights like an airplane would. It was a very clear night, and being that, we could see several airplanes and other lights that were easily identifiable. Then, no only did we begin to notice other UFO in the same area. They made a triangular shape by their position. After several minutes of watching the objects, another object came from South to North (we were facing East) right underneath the first object spotted, when this happened, lights scattered much like heat lightning, with what i would describe as small lightsabre beams in the general area. The traveling craft then made a turn to the North & went clear across the sky before just disappearing. This brings me to tonight. As of today I have witnessed this UFO nearly every night for close to a month. There was days where it was either too cloudy to see, or it was absent, but this is too frequent for me not to notify somebody who can investigate this better than I can. Ive tried to capture both images & video, but my camera-phone doesnt capture anything, and my sisters SLR camera died when I tried to get a decent picture.. Anyways, just before I started writing this I went out to smoke with my binoculars as I said to get a better look, and to my surprise this UFO appeared to be moving much more than the stationary stars than I had previously thought. From the naked eye, it looks the color of a street light, & flashes red/white with a bluish tinge, & separate lights can be distinguished. Through the binoculars, however, what a show! It was as if it were jumping up and down like a five year old that was told they were going to Chuck-E-Cheese. The lights moved left, right, left, right, & then clear white. I mean, WHITE. This was the most pure white color, and moved around like a dime on a washing machine. Now, nobodys hands are perfectly steady when looking through binos but it was a major difference between the movement of the UFO to that of a star when framed together. I also watched a plane though them. One thing I cannot do so far is tell what shape this thing is. It appears long and flat, but I wouldnt bet money on it or anything. 

The location where Ive witnessed this was south of Buffalo NY in Lakeview. This was not over Lake Erie itself, but inland. I have witnessed it for several weeks and on several occasions often for several hours. Im going to take a break again now, Ill come back with any details feel important if Ive forgotten any.... ... Well, its now 12:10pm over an hour since the beginning of the sighting today & nothing major, except that it has stopped moving around... at all. Just sitting there flashing every once in a while. 

As far as how I felt when I first saw this, well, I didn't feel anything strange. Or, honestly anything. I saw what I saw, and it is what it is. Ive lived on the lake for 15+ years and have seen a few UFOs/strange phenomenon, but the frequency of this has made it hard for me to ignore & leave un-reported. It is time we all stop denying serious investigation into it, and demand disclosure. People sing the song-sheet of calling people crazy or dismissing sightings because we have basically been programmed to. I encourage that anybody in the Buffalo area look to the skies to see if they see this UFO too, & I know Im not the only one who has because I commented on a sighting that happened just a few days before my first one. We need to have serious investigation & serious discussion on the topic, and not be afraid or ashamed to speak because of what people will think. Thanks for reading. DB from Lakeview NY
