{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-19 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97868","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5463089.json","updb_database_id":5463089}
{rjl} When I woke up I went into my bathroom to use it and when I looked out of the window I could see it Southwest of me

I started seeing these sightings back in 1995 in South Phoenix Arizona. So when I first saw one it was like 4 or 5 in the morning and I had woken up and started to watch the sky through my window. I would watch the airplanes go by. Well this one particular flying object flew by once then circled back around, and I thought that it was a plane doing some kind of flyby. Ut then it went back the other way and stopped in midair. After that all the lights in the neighborhood went out and that thing lit up so bright, with two main lights going out on both sides and one light shooting down below it. Then I couldn't make out what they were but I could see things beeming up into it. The next time I saw something was a few years later and I was in highschool in rotc on a ftx. We went to fisherman's Creek AZ and when we got to our campsite there was three huge boulders blocking our path. So we moved them out of the way and set up camp. Well later that night in our tent, me and my tent mate we're up talking about random stuff and I was looking through my binos around the area. Well as I looked to the South of us I could see this huge craft floating over the mountain side. It was circular in shape and had three squares that had different colors and several smaller ones in it that would change color. And as we watched it we could hear footsteps outside of our tent. Then the next morning there was strange footprints on the ground around our campsite. The next time I saw one was in 2013 and I was also with a friend. We were at my house in El marage az and my friend was outside and I was inside my house and then her called me outside to check out the floating object. Well when I went out to see it it was some kids and of red floating object and it stayed up there for a little while then it disappeared. And finally starting in December of 2018 I see this bright light that randomly appares Southwest of my home and as I'm typing this I can see it.
