{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-28 12:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5285089.json","updb_database_id":5285089}
White tic tac shaped object with navy blue middle {looked like a tylenol capsule only white with a band in the middle}.

I was on my way from Jackson to Chelsea with my mother for a doctor's appointment. I looked out my driver's window and saw it. I said to my mom, "Look a tic tac.". She saw it and said it looked like a tylenol capsule only white with a band in the middle. It wasn't moving, hovering. It was over a golf course/residential area. We continued on discussing as we traveled out of site of it. It had no wings, tails, props, engines. It seemed to reflect light, it was very bright. There was nothing but blue sky, not a cloud one. We thought maybe a Ballon. It seemed to big for a Ballon. I even suggested a drone, but I've never seen a shaped abd so well defined as that at that height. My mom said she wished we had gotten a picture of it. When we got to Chelsea, I had to stop for stop light by post office. I looked up and it was there. My mom was surprised to see it again as well and said she was no longer interested in taking a picture of it since it showed up suddenly there. I think it kind of freaked her out a bit. I was super excited. I also wondered how it got there so fast and was just hovering again. As I said that, it slowly started to move to the southwest. No sound, slow and smooth moving. The light changed and I continued and parked at my appointment. When I came out from my appointment, my mom was excited and told me it came back and that she tried to get a picture of it but it didn't turn out. She said she looked occasionally to see if I was coming and one of the times she saw it hovering over the building I was in. She said she jumped out of the car and took a picture with their iPhone. She said she saw a plane come into view and the object darted of at a high rate of speed. We didn't see it again after that. We told my dad about it when we got home. Mom doesn't know how to zoom so he did on the picture she took, and you could see it, not as clear as we could though. Hexsent me a picture to my samsung. I zoomed in on that picture, it was if course blurry, but you could see a bright white light and what looked like a distortion around it. I zoomed on other parts of the sky and didn't get any distortions. The distortion was only around the object. I believe that are things out there that we haven't seen or been told about. It was exciting to actually witness something so clearly and not know what the heck it was. Also, curious if it followed us to my appointment since we saw it at the light and then over the building I was in. That does seem a little scary and odd.
