{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-23 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5523089.json","updb_database_id":5523089}
Our family observed a bright light object that changed colors for 15 minutes in Hoboken

Hoboken, New Jersey- UFO sighting 1 11:00- 11:15 pm on 23 August 2011
As a daily routine, my family and I were walking in our balcony on the third floor, when my daughter pointed at a distant blue, green and red light that was shining very bright in the sky. This object was approaching us with great speed. At this moment there were atleast 5-6 aircrafts flying in all directions. However, this particularly bright object caught our attention and we stood there trying to figure out about the shape and brightness of the object. The object stopped abruptly. It appeared as if it is hovering a few hundred feet above the buildings. The green and red light of the object were a lot similar to the traffic lights but much brighter as it was piercing my eyes when it came close. The blue light was rarely seen but extremely bright. 
Finally, the object moved and it crossed over our building. We thought we missed the object. We did not have our camera at this point. My family and I became suspicious about what we were witnessing and decided to wait there for the object to show up. To our surprise, the object appeared again from a different direction this time. It stood at an angle of 45 degree and it almost felt like the object was observing us this time. The object was in this stationary position for atleast 4-5 minutes. At this moment, we got our camera and took 6 photographs. The lights of the object were sequentially blinking. First it was green and then after sometime extremely bright red light. It was changing colors and we could see the shape of the object was not like an aero plane. The pictures are better predictors of shape. One more observation that I had was, the object made absolutely no noise when it over our building. At around 11.15 pm the object silently glided away over our roof and disappeared.
The object was sighted apart from me by my wife and 2 adult children. We are very curious to know about what we sighted on this day.
