{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-20 15:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485089","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/089/mufon-5485089.json","updb_database_id":5485089}
IT was shaped like a can of beer. cylynder with a aura around it

It append at Pourvoirie Scott a fishing resort in very remote place i can tel you the exact location on the map if you want.I whorked at this place to and fished there for 20 years, lots of persons and personel incuding me have seen strange lights in the sky and over top of trees at this place summer and winter to.But 
Me my mother girlfriend and my 2 dogs are at this Wedge Lake remote just by 4x4 and only one cottage at this lake. We fish and there is and island in the midle of this triangular shaped lake. we go there to have less bugs an swim its all sand its 70 feet by 150 feet.AS we were walking on the island and we see some rectangular shaped hole in the sand about 10 inches by20 inches and the vegetation aroud it is burned even litle trees and its perfet rectangular about 4 incn deep in the sand, there are 2 like this but could be a third one in water.Nothing can go on this island and make these kind perfect rectangular burned around holes.We are scared a bit but we were mulder fans and my girlfriend started to film in the sky over us, dogs started to act strange like there were lookig at someting that was mouving. it ends like this, we are back home and look at the video and there was at some point strange noise like tik tik eeeeee and we slow the camera and when the noise came we could see this can shape vessel over us in the sky and it came 4 or 5 times, called my mother come quik and showed her the video and she could not belive it we decided not tell anybody.I have to tell there is only one hole about 40 feet deep in the lake and the rest is 8 to 20 feet, this hole is right beside the island i can see it with my sonar looks like they diged the hole and made this island the hole is very proportional to the island, and the Germans have all the mining claims on this territory and its all Uranium under.
And about 0ne week after,with a bright flash before i saw one greys 2 times comming in my room to scare me, was i dreaming or what? then no more video in the cumputer lost everything in it, ad to re install windows after, very strange, i had other things appened after fishing there, before with other girl we saw stange lights in the sky and told her it appens very often here not to worry and after we got home and in the bed i could see her bone like an x ray vision it lasted 3 or 4 minutes, did not tell her. i just saw on hangar1 the trucker ad the same vision. wow wy me. I think they go there to mine or get some water or cool down there vessel but they go there all the time. could bring you at this place.
