{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489170","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/170/mufon-5489170.json","updb_database_id":5489170}
{cak} slow movng orange ball following river until turned and disappeared

In the Spring of 1967 my mother and I were living in Gates Oregon waiting until the end of the school year to join my father in Alaska. We watched the TV program "Green Acres". Mom rose at the end to go into the kitchen, I wanted to ward off bedtime by waiting thru the theme song. 
From the kitchen I heard a sound from the sink as if something were placed into it and My Mother say my name and "Come here there's a UFO outside" I thought she was joking but then the dog, not usually a barker started barking seriously. I went to the kitchen and from the window over the kitchen sink I could see a perfect sphere of orange light.
It was moving east to west in a line which approximated the path of the Santiam River or the road which ran beside it. The object was moving quite slowly and made a turn to the south. The flight path would have taken it a few yards east of the house. It also took it out of sight behind three large cedar trees which grew on a slight knoll our driveway circled. Mom,I and the dog dashed out the door to see where it was going or if it would land.
It did not appear on our side of the trees and the dog stopped barking.
It was a beautiful glow, not hard on the eyes and I saw nothing like it for decades and then only as a movie effect.
Our house was located no more than a mile north east of a small local, daytime only air field. It consisted of a mowed field, an air sock and a quansit hut, no night time flights. And I never saw a helicopter in the area day or night. 
Mom called the local authorities and asked if anything odd had been reported. She was told nothing had been and no one called back or came to interview us for a police report. 
Mom passed in 1994 and I, as the only other witness, thought it time to have this recorded.
