{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-18 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469170","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/170/mufon-5469170.json","updb_database_id":5469170}
{td} It was huge like a fly sky scraper that was on its side. We were on our farm and they took livestock.

Me and my siblings and a close friend were all enjoying a summer night at my parents farm i had just come back up to were everyone was after locking our chickens in their coupe. Which was padlocked shut but after getting half way back my younger brother yell "dude look at that!". So i turned around and didnt see anything at first but after looking a little longer i could see this rectangular object in the sky. I couldnt see it cause it was like some kinda comoflauge i take it cause it looked like the sky but if you looked you could see the sky didnt look right were it was and when it passed by a cloudy spot it was still like the clear night sky. It was following our tree line arcoss the gravel road and then even turned around but it was so smooth unlike any jet i know of as it comes back around it the has 2 rows going down the bottom sides of what ever it was that would pulsate and were almost hypnotic. It stoped above the tree line near our chicken coupe for at least a minute then went up into the sky just straight up just a little then stoped and poof it was gone there was no sound not from the ship and not even from the insects that normally made noise. As for a video of photograph my younger brother tried to record all this on his phone but the video looked like static. We went and checked on my little neice who was fast a sleep in the farm house and also the chickens but out of 12 chickens there was none to be found the door and gate were still locked and when we went in no blood or signs of a fight. No drugs or alchoal had been consumed and my father can confirm the purchase and disapperance of his chickens from that time. Also the coupe was with in our line of sight the entire encounter yet saw nothing strange but the object.
