{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 21:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501170","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2643,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/170/mufon-5501170.json","updb_database_id":5501170}
{nd} An orange pulsating orb or sphere that moved slowly, stops for several seconds, then reverses direction before just blinking off.

My wife and I were sitting at our kitchen counter when a bright orange light like a sphere/orb caught our eye through the nearby patio door.We both jumped up and said what is that? I remarked that it looks like a UFO. We are in the descent path to Philadelphia Int. Airport and we've seen many airliners on their approach. We are also in the path of helicopters from news bureaus, Coast Guard, and nearby McGuire AFB. We both agreed that it wasn't anything like we had seen from our backyard before. As we ran outside I noted the time 9:12. The bright orange light that was like a sphere or orb, was the size of an aspirin and pulsated at a random clip. The brightness then began to diminish and it started to move. It was first spotted in the eastern sky at appx. 30 degrees above horizon. It moved slowly to the SE as an airliner on a NE route passed between us and the object. They appeared to be about the same height of which I would estimate at less than 5,000 feet and the airliner was about a mile or less away. I remember thinking at the time that the sphere/orb should be visible to the passing airliner. The pulsating light then became very dim and stopped for about two seconds before reversing direction. It then brightened slightly and followed a straight line course towards where it was first spotted. About halfway to that spot the pulsating orange light just blinked off. It did not fade out but was like turning off a light. I checked the time and it was 9:16. I was glad my wife had this sighting of her first UFO. I have had multiple sightings in my life going back to 1965 and being an enthusiast since then I've been unable to share an actual sighting with her until now. I should add that due to Hurricane Arthur passing by earlier a high front coming down from Canada caused very clear skies with a strong wind out of the NW. All local fireworks were postponed on this day, the 4th of July.
