{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-08 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504170","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/170/mufon-5504170.json","updb_database_id":5504170}
Taken to the local woods in the middle of the night and abducted.

The approximate date of my experience was August 8th, 2008. It was around 2:00am and I was getting ready to go to sleep (I usually go to bed much later than the rest of my family, even today, I'm still a bit of a "night owl"). Anyways, as soon as I remember closing my eyes, I found myself standing at the exit of the forest in College Manor, Newmarket (this forest is located in subdivision directly beside my own). I noticed I was standing there with my mother beside me, but for some reason, as if in a trance or something, we didn't speak or say anything at all to each other, we just looked forward (but in my mind, I still knew where we were, because I had been in this location many times before... I was just confused about how I had suddenly gotten there).

About ten-thirty seconds later, I looked up and I saw it; it was a huge white square UFO with curved corners, it was the size of a small house (at least) and it was hovering silently above the ground, around treetop level. This craft had three separate black horizontal lines surrounding the perimeter of the craft (like tinted windows). As soon as I saw it, I must say, as beautiful as it was, my confusion turned into utter panic. I thought to myself, "Uhh, I think that's a real UFO... Am I actually about to be abducted!?" As soon as I finished that thought, I wanted to run, so, that's what I tried to do, but, it didn't work. 

It seems like as soon as I thought about running away, I heard a slight humming sound around me and I felt a strange sensation in my solar plexus/pit of my stomach (I can remember it distinctly, it was the exact same kind of feeling I got when riding 'The Rage' at Canada's Wonderland). At this time, I was now being enshrouded by a bright bluish-white light and I suddenly realized that I was floating in the air (this really scared me because I thought I was going to fall). As I got higher and higher, it seemed like I was being engulfed by a pure white light and at this point, I must have lost consciousness. When I regained consciousness, I was in a very darkly lit circular room with two doors. I was lying on a vent-like circle on ground in the center of the room, with my mother lying beside me. A few seconds or minutes later, someone or something (I didn't see them or it come in) came in the room and picked her and me up from behind. One of them then guided my mother into the room on the right, and me into the room on the left, and there, they left me in the room with two other "people" (to me the room I was left in looked like a waited room of some sort... I was wondering, where had they taken my mother?). This "waiting room" had a long black tinted window, it was bright and completely white in color, and, there were absolutely no ninety degree angles of any kind. Also, there were smooth white chairs attached to the walls/perimeter of the room, and that's where the two human-like beings were sitting.

 One of them was a white man in his forties and the other one looked like his ten-twelve year old son. I remember that they were sitting beside each other in the chairs with very serene looks on their faces. Also, they were both wearing white jumpsuit with a vertical black line (two inch across) going down the center, from the neck, down to the waist (the line curved on one side at the bottom). I sat down beside the son and I quickly started to basically panic again. Being very confused, I started to ask them, "What's going on? What's happening to me? Where are we going?" He cut me off, and like a father trying to calm me down, the older person said, "Down worry, relax, everything's going to be fine." I then asked him again, "Please, where are we going?" And smiling, he simply replied, "Well, we're going back to their planet." When he said that, that's when I really got scared. I started to cry and say, "Please, no, I can't go to their planet. I have a life here! Please, let me go. Bring me back. I need to go back home." After that, the next thing I knew, I was back in my bed and was completely drenched in sweat. Till this day, I really don't know if what I experienced was even real or not. I'm left with the question, was this just an extremely vivid dream, or was it a real event? All I can say is that if it was a vivid dream, it was the most vivid dream I've ever had before or ever will have again.

 These days, I'm not afraid of them anymore, and to be honest, if I was given the same opportunity to "go to their planet" again today, I would certainly take it. In conclusion, I feel that the experience has changed me and my life for the better. For example, I used to always feel very depressed (like I had no clear purpose in life), but nowadays (since the experience), I feel incredibly self-powered and self-aware. I feel know that the eternal purpose of life and the indestructible spirit is to forever learn, to be creative, to build personal freedom, to share all knowledge and to love all things. They've allowed me to see a simple truth, our purpose. That is, in short, to go with the Creative flow of "God" (the universe), not against it.
