{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-20 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483690","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/690/mufon-5483690.json","updb_database_id":5483690}
{nd} Sudden illumination, found myself in different location, lost 2 hr, remote site. Former NIKE missile site.

In Aug 1979 I was an engineer working night shift on the Moose Creek Dam, about 30 miles from Fairbanks. Our entire crew was maybe 6 to 8 men, engaged in sculpting gravel pits, sources of material from which the dam was constructed. My responsibilities were to ensure all was in accordance with plans and specs. At the end of the shift (4:30 am), I dropped off a report detailing activities, progress etc., at our project office trailer. Later, I found that the compound which held our offices and lab had been NIKE missile site TARE which was decomissioned a few years prior. Most of the time I worked alone, traveling by pickup truck. I normally drove the few miles from worksite to the office around 1:30 a.m., where I wrote the bulk of my report, then went back to the worksite to observe remaining operations. Around 4:15 a.m., I entered final notes and details on my report, then left it at the office, which was on the way out. One night, about 1:45 a.m., while driving to the office to begin my report, all of a sudden everything lit up brighter than daylight. Traveling approx 40mph, I began slowing while rolling my window down. I expected to hear an aircraft because the only thing I could think of was that a military aircraft had me spotlighted with a high powered lamp. Eilson AFB was just a few miles from there. As I opened the window I was surprised to hear no engines. The last thing I recall is thinking that they'd have to be at a high altitude for sound to not reach me. The next I remember is pulling up to the compound gate, opened it, and went into the office where I sat at my desk to begin my report. Looking at a clock, I saw it was near 4:00 a.m. At the time, and I'll never understand this, losing 2 hours did not bother me at all. I just thought, I better hurry to write my report and head home, which I then did. I never told anyone about that night until 2004. When I did, every word was a struggle to produce and I ended up on the floor, sobbing. Until that day I never thought it was a problem. I've considered doing regressive hypnotherapy but (tentatively) decided against this, after discussions with my son, who is a brain scientist. It is his feeling that this can be unreliable.
