{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-21 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503690","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/690/mufon-5503690.json","updb_database_id":5503690}
{nd} Strange blue UFO encountered over 3 nights EDC las vegas 2013

The time and place were the June 21-23 at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway for EDC 2013. I saw the object at different points throughout the three nights I was at the event, each sighting was a different time and varied in duration, and multiple times on the second two nights. The object glowed blue and had a small red light that appeared to change which side of the object it appeared on each time I saw it. The first sighting occurred after the fireworks on the first night because I was still looking at the sky after the spectacular fireworks. My friend and I both saw the object hovering in the distance to the east of the stadium. It appeared further in the distance and moved much differently than the police helicopters that were constantly circling the event throughout the evening. It hovered up, down, left, and right sort of unintelligibly. I speculated that it could be a EDC drone videoing the event, but it was not moving in any sort of way that would have made a good video. It generally seemed to be moving slowly but varied in speed. Both my friend and I took a video of the strange glowing object while it hovered. This night's sighting concluded when I believe I saw the object shoot off some sort of flash and then I saw it speed off to the east much faster than it had been moving throughout the sighting. The next morning I saw that the video file on my phone for THIS sighting had somehow been corrupted. It appeared in my Photos, but the file appeared as a grey broken file and when playing was attempted it would display that the video could not play. It was the only video of several I took that night at the event that was corrupted, and was coincidentally the one that had the object in it. I believe my friend still has his video from that night but I am not sure. 

I went into the second night of the event thinking that I would not see the same object that I had seen the previous night, since I had never before seen anything like it in my life. To my surprise I did see it again, on both of the next two nights. I first noticed it again in the east and it again looked to be far outside of the stadium. Much further than the helicopters. This night I pointed the object out to multiple friends who also could not begin to guess what could move and look like this object. I also remember pointing it out to a random person, he also could not tell what the object was and was much more interested in the show (as I am sure was the case for the vast majority of the thousands of people at this event) Each sighting, the object would hover predominantly up and down with occasional trends to the left and right (never going further from the east than northeast or southeast). I did not see the flash of light or demonstration of speed again though. These multiple sightings concluded when the object would appear to hover low enough that it was out of view, far outside the stadium. I caught multiple videos and photos on my phone from the second and mostly the third night, those videos and photos were not corrupted and are viewable. It is difficult to tell the exact shape from the videos but the blue glow is very visible and the path and speed of its movements are distinct. One video appears unintentionally out of focus, but appears to show the erratic movements of the object. One photo appears to show the shape as a blue saucer, another appears to show the red light but a triangular shaped object, and another (taken closer to dawn) accidentally shows light tracers from the camera not being held still. I will also post a screen shot from my phone showing the corrupted video file that has since disappeared from my phone's memory (with the NSA capabilities, I won't even begin to speculate as to how this video, of all the videos, was unplayable). The last of the videos I am submitting is of what the police helicopters that circled the event looked and moved like to provide a contrast to the object I have described. I won't pretend to KNOW exactly what I saw, but I really have no good explanation for it. The lighting of the object was much brighter than the police helicopters and it moved in a way that a plane could not. I suppose there is always the possibility it was a drone of sorts, but if that were the case then why? To film? With the way it moved, it wouldn't have taken very good video. What other reason would a drone be there for?
