{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-25 01:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475690","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2309,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/690/mufon-5475690.json","updb_database_id":5475690}
Clear night in Bowmanville Ontario with the constellations in great detail. I observed a bright yellow orb moving very fast for a satellite and was making 901 turns as It moved in the north east region. These 901 turns were in a step pattern

It was a clear night with the constellation extremely visible and I was sitting on my deck looking upward and enjoying the views as there was no light pollution or smog pollution to obstruct my beautiful view. As usually I observe the sky for satellites that typically run and a north and south direction as I would have observed them in the past. So I was facing in an eastern direction and observed a bright yellow orb somewhere most likely in the stratosphere descending very quickly I would say almost triple the speed of conventional GPS satellites that orbit our planet. It was 1:35 AM as I marked it on my phone to confirm timing on June 25, 2017. So this bright yellow orb descended and conducted a 901 turn instantly with no drag or lag in a step in motion in One Direction similar to a zigzag pattern. At one point it stopped and the closest reference point according to my astronomy app is in the Algenib Pegasus constellations. So the yellow orb continued on this 901 pattern back-and-forth in a step formation travelling south east and eventually losing sight as it continued through the stratosphere further away from me. Unless this was some sort of government or military aircraft I would say that the laws of physics were certainly bent.. I can honestly say it was extremely fascinating watching this object moves so gracefully across the night sky and was the only one to observe it.  I think that's the hardest part wishing that someone else might have seen it with me.
