{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467690","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/690/mufon-5467690.json","updb_database_id":5467690}
Conventional appearance of aircraft, but speed/sound unexplainable

I was taking the dog for a walk and had only walked a few metres down the road, I noticed the star/planet that I've observed every night at around this time of evening walking the dog. It was where I expected it to be given procession and time of day.

Then suddenly I noticed another object, that at a distance looked identical to the aforementioned recognised astronomical object.

What drew my attention was that it was moving against the backdrop of the sky and local rooftops.  Up until now I still only thought that it might be a conventional aircraft.

As it drew closer there were several fixed white lights that made up the majority of its physical appearance, there was one flashing red light above the craft.

As it was only the lights that were visible, height/distance it very difficult to be sure of in the late twilight of the evening.

What makes this event extraordinary and worthy of reporting is the speed and lack of sound. Had this craft been flying at an altitude where I would not have been able to hear engine noise, it would have had to have been travelling at impossible speeds to traverse the visible skyline in less than one minute.

Had it been a craft much closer to the ground, i.e. within 500-1000ft then the perceived speed of travel could be consistent with conventional aircraft, however the craft would most certainly have been audible.

There was no sound at all.

It was a quiet night, no traffic noise or human noises... This object produced zero sound. It literally traversed the sky, from appearing as another star in the distance, to flying past me and out of sight in less than 60 seconds.

We regularly have military super-sonic aircraft practicing low flying exrecises in this area and the speed was comparable, though I know the sound of such aircraft very well.

On this particular night my phone was o charge or I most certainly would have had a video file to share - sadly I don't.
