{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-14 22:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454690","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/690/mufon-5454690.json","updb_database_id":5454690}
It seemed like a group of moving stars

On the 14th of March 2020, me and a friend of mine were taking a walk on my terrace around 9 pm local (ist : indian standard time) and were up for quite sometime and noticed how unusually clear the sky was. We were looking north, at an elevation of more than 45 degrees at the time when my friend pointed out two dull starlike objects racing next to each other travelling south across the sky. Initially i figured it must have been satellites because I’ve spotted the iss a few times and know what that looks like. But since these were close enough I couldn’t rule out the possibility of a group of meteors or small asteroids since I was still looking west and at the altitude I figured it’s probably getting illuminated by the sun that must have set around 6 pm on the same day but I wasn’t sure if That was enough to illuminate the moving objects in the sky which were at a very high elevation. What really blew my mind was that the objects while travelling south started moving west and then dulled out and disappeared. At this point we couldn’t contemplate what it was and thought it may have been drones but drones don’t fly at that altitude or at that speed. It was clear I could tell the difference because I have flown drones at night and sort of aware what they look like from a distance, they definitely don’t emit the same light as stars or travel thousands of kms in under a minute. Within a span of three to four minutes, another group of 7-8 star like objects, same origin north appeared out of nowhere, increased in brightness and started moving at a very rapid speed towards the south west and this time they were all scattered but moved towards the centre of the sky before it started to dull out whilst moving west and finally disappeared. It was about 10:49pm. This really blew my mind Out of the park since I had seen fireballs, shooting stars, meteor showers, drones literally everything but this was beyond contemplation and the only reasonable description that seemed fitting was a bunch of UFOs just flying around doing their thing. And then disappearing. At this point we both agreed upon the fact that this was the most incredible thing we had seen in our lives. Or atleast I know I did. And we called another friend over and told him all about it in anticipation of how ludicrous we would seem if we ever had to explain to people what we had just seen. Before my friend actually came around, we had another sighting this time it was probably at an elevation of 80-90 degrees in the sky same direction. First spotted north and then moving south this one seemed like it was travelling in a non circular path and had a more linear path than the rest but ultimately dulled out and disappeared travelling south west. I got online and did my research and found that there was nothing special lined up for stargazers around the time. Opened a few apps that tell me if there are particular meteor showers or asteroids or any other phenomenon visible to naked eye that would be watching, but I found nothing. None of the satellites in sight also. Did some more reasearch and found an article about a sighting in Portugal approximately five years ago, that seemed fitting to what I had seen by the name of “a shoal of moving stars”. But it is evident after reading the article that some of the plausible descriptions take away from the real experience of what people had reported seeing. It was definitely not a swarm of ginormous fireflies neither did it seem like drones or whatever, it was however the stuff of dreams. I don’t care what is made of this, but this was a once in a lifetime sort of a sighting. And I feel really lucky to have been able to see something like it. We are definitely not alone. I tried taking a video which I will try uploading but I don’t think I could actually get it on tape considering the fact that I have a silly iPhone 7 Plus camera that probably wasn’t good enough to get clear shots of the moon when that was full. Let alone these dimly lit starlike flying objects. I would love to know if anyone has had a similar experience. I think many ufo sightings from India may go unreported because there is no such registry where people can actually go and document what they must have seen or it must have passed of as a shooting star for the lack of information about what to look out for. I hope there were more witnesses to this because it happened in plain sight and anyone, literally anyone looking up in the sky would’ve seen them. Can’t wrap my head around this. :))
