{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-09 18:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478690","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/690/mufon-5478690.json","updb_database_id":5478690}
{cak} Went out with my dog and suddenly a stationary orb appeared and both my dog and I were unable to move

I was out walking our large super high energy dog who is a Chesapeake Bay Retriever around 6:30 pm and a few minutes into our walk she just suddenly sat down and would not move. This is completely unlike her, and it was then that I realized she was looking up into the sky at something and as soon as I looked up, I was suddenly mesmerized by this glowing, stationary orb like object that she was looking at as well. I have never seen anything like it. 
I have worked in aviation and with many airlines, and I know this object was not like anything that I have ever seen or experienced in my career or life up until tonight . I know this was a UFO. I can't explain it but judging by the physical and emotionally overwhelming reaction that I felt during the sighting, I just "knew". 
After several minutes, my dog nudged me to go back inside, but I just couldn't. I remembered that I had my phone in my pocket so I took some videos and pictures, and as soon as I began recording, I suddenly saw two other lights in the sky, both of which I believed may have been commercial airliners, in addition to the initial object. 
However, the original orb I saw, continued to hover in the same position, while the other two were following what looked like normal flight paths. Then suddenly one of the commercial planes, made a strange maneuver that seemed very abrupt and maybe intentional, due to how awkward the angle was that the aircraft turned toward the object in question and seemed to have intentionally crossed into the area where the orb was that I had seen initially. It was at that moment that the orb started to slowly move "backwards" as if it were a car that was in reverse, and disappeared into the clouds.
