{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-03-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54863","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5504043.json","updb_database_id":5504043}
{rjl} Lost time for an hour.

Adee, on March 22, 2014 at 12:14 AM said: Your comment is awaiting moderation.
Hello sir,
Not exactly sure what to say. I along with your other guests have lost time. I don1t believe that my time was like your others. I have checked maps, times and ETA1s. I have found no reasoning why I (or my friend driving) should have lost time.
I see that you are still active on here, and that is my main reasoning for contact. My (our) incident occurred in 1998 in Paris, TX.
My friend and I were on a trip to Kansas from Florida. We had not been on the road long enough to see delusions. We were on our way to Paris, tx. Ok, that is the last place that I remember going to before the incident. My friend was driving and I was in the passenger seat staring out the window. At 2200 I noticed what looked like airplane lights, flashing and blinking. At 65 mph, an airline or military plane would have surpassed us. But I noticed the lights were not blinking like they were supposed to. I watched for about 10 minutes before I said anything to my driver. I made a general comment that they looked like they were going backwards, not forwards. We kept driving for about 15 minutes before I said something else. I made mention of the odd lights again and we saw a place to pull off the side of the road and check things out. My driver slowed down and we got out of the car and watched the lights as they passed into the north. We got back into the car and proceeded on our way to KY. The light still to my east (driving north). We drove again and watched the lights head north and west around us. We thought that was the end.
I looked at the clock and the time was 2300. I looked again at the clock and looked at the road to make sure we were on track. The clock was fast and the sign that was approaching was mortifying. I looked at my driver and told her we had already been here. She sounded confused at what I said, but I again told her we had been here already. I looked back out my window of the passenger side of the car and saw the same place we had been an hour ago, and had pulled off to watch the lights. My third time telling her that we had already been here and this was what was coming up convinced here that she had not lost her mind. I suggested pulling over at a hotel, and we did. I think it was a holiday inn1.not sure. We looked at each other after the incident and I had never been more afraid of anything in my life. I have never had the hair on my neck stand up or been more terrified in my life. I know goose bumps and chill bumps. This was completely different. I was in panic mode, so was my friend.
We decided to get back on the road and get the f*ck out of dodge.
We lost an hour that night. We will never know what happened in that time frame. We have checked maps to make sure we were not doubling back or getting lost. I saw the 1Welcome to Paris1 sign twice in my life and it scared the crap out of me. How in the hell did We get back to it the second time???
