{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-08 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5483043.json","updb_database_id":5483043}
{nd} Triangle object with 3 lights

I was making a delivery to a Chili's restaurant at the address above. I arrived at the location at 0025hrs. At about 0100 to 0115hrs I was outside looking towards the southern sky looking at what I was assuming Mars, a bright red star, about 20 to 30 degrees in the night sky. At that time I saw an object moving southeast, roughly bearing 120 degrees at a quick speed, I'd say 200 to 300 knots. The altitude was hard to determine, I'd say it was that of a traffic helicopter. But it past directly under the star I assumed was Mars. The object made no sound. It had three (3) large white lights on its underside. The lights were in a triangle pattern. The lights were bright, but not emanating a beam. At first sight a assumed the object was a fixed wing aircraft. It's size was larger than a private jet, but smaller than say a 737. It was making no sound at all. Fixed wing aircraft have red and green lights on the wings, this did not. And the lights were large, assuming the lights were at the leading edge or tip of the triangle I'd estimate they took up 20 percent of the underside of the object. It's difficult to estimate the overall size of the object because I could barely see it. It was three (3) lights in a triangle pattern. The thing that was most peculiar was the object was wavering, like heat rising. In fact I thought at first it was passing through an exhaust vent from the building. But there were no vents on that side of the building. Also, when the object passed under the star I assumed was Mars, the star was distorted momentarily. I saw the object for a good 30 seconds or more before it left my view of sight. I could see another aircraft higher in the sky, several thousand feet heading in a northeasterly direction, I assume towards DFW airport or Love Field. I was rather bewildered by the object, not frightened. I tried to rationalize what it could possibly be. I've seen B2 stealth bombers from my Air Force days, they are quiet but not silent like this was. And the distortion around the object was nothing like I'd ever seen. It did not change direction the entire time I saw it, not up or down, or left or right. Just in a straight southeastern direction. I do not have any photo evidence, my phone was not on my person at the time. No one else was there to see the object. I wish I had more for you.
