{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-14 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12796","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6302,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5548043.json","updb_database_id":5548043}
extremely high altitude light moving at angles and traveling away at high speed from a slow speed

I was up to my place on moosehead lake for star watching. The skies were extremely clear and moonlight was very minimal, showing the Milky Way and even satallites to the naked eye.
I brought a high powered telescope to spend a few nights looking at the sky with hopes of getting good images of whatever I could see. 
There is scant to no high altitude air traffic in that area at night, such as jets and, when there is, they always are travelling east/west. 
My place is on the southwest area of moosehead lake. I set my scope almost straight up and at an angle slightly to the northwest, aiming to the right of the milky way's band - at it's edge.
 I was setting the sight on the thing by trying to find a satallite, which I did, and ranging out from there. As I was doing this a light travelled through the scopes line of sight at a very, very high altitude.
 It was simply white and looked the same as any given star in the sky. In comparision to stars, it appeared as a "middle sized" star, not the brightest, not the dimmest, but right in the middle of those "classes". 
 It was easy to track it with the telescope as, at first, it was travelling in a straight line at an unknown speed and height. It looked and moved, for all purposes, as an airplane flying at 50,000 ft or better. That kind of speed and movement, although it was just one white, clear, sharp, unblinking light.
 It was heading, at first, straight west, away from my position. It travelled that way for about 10 seconds and I, although a little curious about it, was about to dismiss it when it took a sudden and sharp turn to straight north. It travelled the same way as I described above due north for about 15 seconds and then turned again, another 90 degree turn, to straight east for another period of about 15 seconds. It's speed remained constant at all times, slightly slower by just a little as to how a jet airplane looks as it tracks across the sky. That kind of speed.
 It then took another turn at about 45 degrees, heading southeast directly back over my position for another 15 seconds, then took a very sharp 135 degree turn back towards the west.
 It began repeating this pattern over and over for about 10 minutes. What was very interesting was that the pattern, 2 90 degree turns, a 45, and then a sharp 135 back to the original position changed each time the light went around it's course. The 45 degree turn would be made one turn sooner with each pass, directly followed by the 135, then 2 more 90 degree turns.
 The turns appeared to be made as if you were drawing an angle and kept your pen moving through the angle, kind of slightly rounded, but still quite acute. It kind of reminded me of how a billiard ball glances and bounces off a pool table rail - kind of soft yet changes direction suddenly. It would be completely impossible for a common airplane, or even a warplane, to make such turns as that light did. 
 Although it was very hard to guage the exact altitude and speed, I would say - if I had to guess with only the skygazing experience I have - that the light was at least 70-80,000 ft high and travelling at about 10 miles a minute. But this is only a guess made with only slightly more than amatuer experience.
 Seeing nothing more than a moving light through the telescope, (it was very dark), I stopped looking through the scope and was able to watch with my naked eyes. 
 After about 10 minutes of the same pattern being repeated as I described above the light stopped moving altogether and almost seemed to blend right in with the surrounding stars. It was as if I took my eye off it, I wouldn't be able to pick it back out of the night sky. So I kept my eyes directly on the light for about a minute or so. 
 I was starting to think that maybe I was just seeing things when the light started moving again to the southwest. It travelled the same way as above for about 5 seconds, turned sharply to the northwest, and just shot away, building up to amazing speed, (using my "math" to try and figure it's original speed, and using 10 miles a minute as my baseline, I would say it built up to at least 3500 mph within a 15 mile span), and was gone with no return. 
At no time did I hear any noise or any sonic boom, anything like that. 
 I have spent countless hundreds of hours watching the night sky, it is one of my favorite things to do - especially up there where there are no city lights and such to interfere with skywatching. I have seen some truly strange things over the years, but all could be explained somewhat regularly. In 20 years, this light was something of the sort I have never seen before, or even supposed could exist as it did. And, no, it was most definately not a searchlight of any kind.
Making the turns as it did and accelerating so quickly like that just doesn't seem possible to me. Although I do believe that life exists throughout our universe, I also have believed that - even if an advanced something or another that could travel through space from points unknown exists/existed - the nature of time throughout the universe would make our visiting each other, (2 different, intelligent species), an impossibility. Such as if one society rises and falls somewhere in the universe, can travel the stars, all that - but time has seen them come and go millenia ago.
I have always thought that time was the great divider between us ever realizing with full proof that intelligent life exists as ours does.

 Now I'm not so sure.
 That light carried a lot of meaning in it for me, in it's impossibility, improbability, and definate existance.
