{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-09 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5511043.json","updb_database_id":5511043}
{cak} I saw two incidents of large unexplainable orange lights in the sky while driving across central Florida.

Sighting of unusual lights May 9th, 2013, approximately 8:45 pm on Highway 66 in central Florida traveling from Tampa, St. Petersburg area to Sebring. 

I was driving east on the dark two lane highway route 66 with in 20 miles of Sebring, according to the 1Never Lost1 nav. data screen. Some lite traffic shared the road with me traveling about 60 miles per hour. I came around a tree lined curve in the road and suddenly caught a glimpse of a large orange light at what seamed to me to be just above the tree tops to my left. I noticed one light dropping or separating from the light above it. These lights were large orange lights.
To best describe the size and shape of these lights, I will say they appear to be similar to, but larger than the lights of a large commercial aircraft landing headlights that turn on as jets approach runways for landing, at close range. Roughly 10 times large than the oncoming traffic headlights. My first thought was that a small plane was on fire, falling out of the sky and breaking apart into pieces and about to crash into the forest next to the road, except that the lights disappeared as I noticed them and there was no sound of a plane. When I first noticed the lights they seam to be getting brighter then a second later they were fading out, as they separated from each other, with one light dropping below the other, then two visible lights disappearing.

I thought that this was odd, as I scanned my rear view window to see if I heard or saw anything else I wondered if any one else saw what I saw. 

I continued to drive on about another 10 minutes. My never lost Nav. Read out said 11 miles to Sebring with a straight stretch of dark road in front of me and one blue van traveling about 1/16 of a mile in front of me, maybe one car about the same distance behind me.

At about 9:00 pm straight in front of me about 45 degrees on the horizon at approximately 750 to 1000 feet above me , about 1 mile away ( hard to estimate?) I saw a bright orange light pop on, same as I had seen 10 minutes earlier. It just began to appear first small then large and larger until it was very bright like something was turning on, or powering up, and then it dimmed down and disappeared completely. It had my attention. Then a second later a second light below the first and a little to the right seamed to also fired up to a familiar bright flare and then dimmed down. This pattern repeated it self again as I was scanning the side of the road trying to navigate the size of the shoulder to pull over. Unfortunately a very narrow gravel shoulder and dark descending grassy embankment left me no option to pull over with traffic approaching behind me. I assessed I could cause an accident or lose control of the car if I tried to quickly pull over so I just slowed down and continued to watch the sky as this second pattern of each light turning on, flaring up, and dimming down repeated itself. Just then a third light appeared even further to the right. At about the same height and did the same flair up and dim down expression. Then all of the sudden there were 7 to 9 lights coming on all in a symphony in front of me, fairing up in varied stages, not at starting at the same second but with in seconds of each other, each flaring in a random pattern in front of me, then they started to move as some blinked on and off while they appeared to dance with each other in what impressed me as a joyous playful dance with each other. I had the feeling that the lights knew I saw them and the lights interacted with each other in an intentional way. 
It did not seam to me to be a single large object with lights moving around on its surface, but it was very dark. I could see random stars in the sky after these bright lights dimed out. This whole dancing lights sighting only lasted about one minute, with all the lights fading out quickly. It has taken me far longer to write this recall of the sightings than it took for me to experience the events. 

I continued to scan the sky for additional orange lights but saw none. I did see something else unusual as I continued to drive east toward Sebring. I saw what look like a dotted line of small white lights in a strobe fashion blinking in a long skinny line changing direction across a section of the sky straight in front of me. Frist moving right to left then left to right. This happened repeatedly for several minutes as I drove. This was ongoing and the lights were very dim white lights. This seamed odd as well but so much less significant to what I had just seen I dismissed it as insignificant.

With 10 minutes of the large orange light sighting, I arrived at the hotel I was staying at for a UFO conference hosted by Paola Harris in Sebring Florida. As I drove into the parking lot I saw a group of people standing out side looking up and I suspected they could have see what I just saw. So as I passed them I rolled down my window and shouted 1Did any of you just see a large display of large orange lights1? One woman and her husband saw the same event minutes earlier. They saw large orange lights as they were walking out side the Chateau Elan Hotel adjacent to the Sebring Raceway.
