{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5549043.json","updb_database_id":5549043}
Seven crafts doing amazing things.

My wife and I were at my parents house on Lake Fenton and decided that we would get a blanket and some coffee and watch the stars, partially to be romantic and we like to watch satelites, meteors,etc etc. We probably went down by the sea wall/beach area about 11:00 pm. We seen maybee 5 or 6 shooting stars or debris burn up as they came through the atmosphere. Anyways, about 3 in the morning as I lay looking up, scanning the sky for anything, I arched my head back and looked over my right shoulder as my feet were pointed west, looking to the north, i looked over and I seen somthing behind me,which was east. I seen seven crafts flying very fast. As they came directly over me, I counted them,thats why I said seven, not several.Anyways the wierd thing is, that as I watched them fly, the ones in the front on the formation would take turns going to the back and middle of the formation as they all kept flying forward. Real fast changes in the formation. I would guess they were flying at about 20 thousand feet. They didn't make any sounds at all and they all radiated fuzzy green glows.From the horizon behind me, where they first caught my eye, till they were out in front of me was about 3 or 4 seconds. A jet at 30 thousand feet is traveling well over 500 mph and as you know,they still seem to be almost standing still. What i seen was moving way to fast for our planets technology. They must of covered atleast 30-40 miles in 4 seconds or so. Like mach 20 30 40 or somthing crazy like that. Then they stopped all at the same time and just hovered together for 5 seconds and all at the same time, went up, fast, real fast. From the time they hovered together until they shot straight up and out of our atmosphere was probably 2 seconds and they were gone. Thats basically it. Call if you want more detail. thanks, Brian
