{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-12 19:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5456043.json","updb_database_id":5456043}
{cak} 30+ Unidentified Flying Objects in Line Formation Over National Forest Road 77 & FL-19 in Ocala National Forest in Putnam County, Florida

On the evening of January 12th 2020, my friend and I were on National Forest Road 77 – approximately 40-50 feet from FL-19 – in the Ocala National Forest in Putnam County, Florida. The time was 7:05 PM ET. Just above the trees, my friend noticed movement. Upon stopping and inspecting the movement, we saw several dim lights moving. They resembled stars; but were not. 

These lights had no blinking. They were a faint white/amber color. There was no sound. Strangest of all, they were in formation - in a straight line. We saw – at the minimum – 30 of these unknown objects; however, that is an estimate. We believe that there were many, many more than this. They were in a straight line, mostly; however, we observed at least one that seemed a bit off to the side from the rest. 

It suddenly sped up and moved to the left in order to line itself up with the rest. These objects – though mostly in a line and moving with one another – seemed to be moving with intent and independently of one another. 

Once all of them passed, we moved a bit closer to FL-19 to see if we could see anything else. After approximately 2 minutes or so, we saw another one of these objects. Instead of moving from our side in a forward motion as the others, this moved from the right side of us to the left side. We saw several airplanes in the area after our sighting. 

The first batch crossed over the flight paths of those aircraft. The last one moved on a similar flight path as the known aircraft we observed, but was not blinking. It looked the same as the others we saw, and moved very quickly. The initial objects we saw moved for approximately 4 to 5 minutes. We lost sight of the unidentified objects as they continued to move across the night sky, away from our location.

When we returned home, we researched information online to see if anyone else had observed what we had. The closest we came to what we observed was referred to as the “SpaceX Satellite Train.” The only issue we have with saying that this is what we saw is that the objects did not look the same as the images and videos we saw of the satellite train. 

While the line formation was similar, that was about all. Furthermore, what we saw seemed to be moving independent of one another and it does not explain the final object that we saw, either. We also did an online tracker to determine where the SpaceX Satellite Train was currently located and it indicated that it was in the northern region of the United States – near Michigan. 

Upon observing this, we were in complete awe. Neither of us have seen such a thing in the sky. It was not a frightening experience, but it was one where we found ourselves both excited and curious as to what we were seeing. We feel – after researching and not coming to any conclusions on what we saw – that we should report this. We are very interested in hearing your input on this matter.
