{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5490043.json","updb_database_id":5490043}
{rjl} changing lights in the sky

This Spring I went out at 11 PM to let my dog out before I headed to bed. The leaves were off the trees and you could see a good amount of stars out even with my outdoor flood light on. I was looking at the stars when I noticed one of the stars changing colors from red to green to blue. I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, so I went in and turned my flood lights out and returned to my deck. I continued to see the objected that was a little bigger then the north star in size. I went inside and grab my binoculars. When I looked at the object I immediately got goosebumps because I couldn't explain what I was seeing. It changed color just like a deep sea jellyfish. It was some of the most beautiful colors I have ever seen and I felt as if I could almost make out a shape behind the colors. I ran inside and woke my mother up because I had to get a second opinion on the object. I showed it to her and she said "OMG that is really weird, what is it". We then noticed that the object was moving back and forth very slowly. We were both fixated on the object for the next 30 mins. Until I decided to go in and research stars that might be in the area. I found some articles about twinkling stars low near to the horizon that look as if they change colors because of their light being bent by earths atmosphere. But this object was not near the horizon at all and in my opinion was not a star by any means. The object returned for the next 2 weeks at the same time. My father came back into town a week later and I woke him up the first night he was home to show him. He also agreed that it is not a star and that it was really something after all. he went on to speculate that it could be a secret government craft, maybe a anti-satellite project. Then the leaves starred to fill in and my view was blocked. We all three walked away from this experience scratching our heads. To this day I have no idea what I saw and I would love to know what the hell is going on.
