{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5520043.json","updb_database_id":5520043}
I watched an unknown flying object chased by a jet.

I was on my computer last Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning. I heard a loud rumbling sound like "hollow" thunder. I realized it was coming in my direction very very quickly. As it flew directly over my house it was so low it really scared me. It didn't sound exactly like a jet although my husband woke up thinking he heard 2 jets. The second vehicle was definately a jet. It also flew low over my house. It rattled my windows but the first one did not.
I ran to my kitchen window where I have a great vista. The first craft was already about 3 to 4 miles from my house. It had bright red lights across the rear in a straight line. It appeared to be massive compared to the jet that was chasing it, perhaps 3 times the jets wing span. It was headed east southeast when it suddenly "jumped" to south southwest. The degree of the "jump" was from 9 oclock to 3 oclock and the distance it jumped was approximately 5 to 7 miles. One second it was to the left on my horizon and then it was on my right. I did not see the craft moving from one spot to another because it was instantaneous! This was when I knew it was not military. Our planes do not have that capability. The jet that was chasing the craft was far enough behind that it did not have to make a turn in order to follow it. There was no way the jet could catch the object because of its speed and maneuverability. I lost sight of them when they crossed the horizon behind trees that are about a half mile beyond my home. These vehicles were flying very low. It was exciting & scary because they were so low and the UFO jumping amazed me. I cannot express the awe I felt seeing that maneuver.
