{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-18 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472043","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/043/mufon-5472043.json","updb_database_id":5472043}
{jpg} Driving down the road I, and my two friends in the car, see to the right(SE) an enormous black triangular UFO with a yellow light on it's belly at each corner.

Two friends and myself were driving down the road when we see to our right a 3 story tall, black, triangular UFO hovering stationary in the air. It was less the 500 feet to our right and east a little over a residential area, nearly 120 feet off the ground. It had a light, each on it's belly in the three corners of this triangular craft. They softly pulsed a warm yellow light/glow. I was the driver, but I couldn't keep my eyes off it.. It's like time stopped only because we watched it for minutes while driving but never made it down the road. I still can't figure that out. The crafts surface didn't appear smooth, it looked to have detail that I couldn't make anything of. It was dusk and the sky had just began to go from glowing sunset, to evening light and the vehicle began to move, after our seeing only maybe 3 minutes of actual hovering. It moved extremely slow for what seemed to me like forever. The three of us just kept asking each other if they were seeing the same thing as each other. We were blown away to say the least. Life changing.
soundlessly and very smoothly began to pick up pace on it's South Eastern course of flight. The craft seem to shrink and then in a blink it was very small, and we realized it had taken off so fast that to us it appeared to shrink, we watch it until it disappears into a point on the horizon some 20 miles SE of it's straight path of flight. I had pencil and a spiral notebook in my vehicle and I right away sketched the craft as I had seen it as it was hovering. Both my friends agree that my drawing was exactly what they had seen to. We were very quiet for a while in the car after we calmed down. I think of it often and how it affected many of my points of view.
