{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-05 03:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4430,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5455007.json","updb_database_id":5455007}
{tjd} A bright Red light flahsed in the sky as i drove home, then It suddenly appeared behind car distant, then shot to car followig it point blank.

I was driving down Montevista Rd about 2 hours ago, and noticed a very bright Red light strobing 3 times behind the trees above the house I used as the address of the sightings occurrence. It did this twice within 4 seconds and the second time it was further to the right slightly.. I slowed wondering if it was a new Cell tower or perhaps a very bright Plane/Helicopter light and slowly kept moving .. trying to see if it was going to flash again, it did not... So i accelerated almost to my home.. About 2 seconds later I noticed a strange dim red light had filled the interior of the vehicle as though red tail lights were shining through the windshield, yet it was covering every surface as if it came from everywhere... I think looked into the rear view mirror, and saw the Bright light that had been ahead and to my right, was directly behind me... yet it was at least 800-1200 feet back and still appeared like a red light.. it immediately shot twords the back of the vehicle i was driving at a speed so great that it was faster than a bullet... as it did, its size grew, and i thought it was going to hit the car and almost wrecked... instead it literally stopped and followed the vehicle from a distance so close, that i could see that the surface of it appeared much like those NASA images of the surface of the sun as it roils and the sun churns... it was bright red and orange and looked like Lava.... While it was there, I could sense a presence and something was for lack of a better term inside me and my mind, i could feel it showing or telling me things that i cannot put into words.. it wasn't words, or sights.. but feelings and just.. knowings... God it terrified me...I stomped the gas and went around a large curve and was praying to god to just let me make it home... I was VERY close... it was gone after i got in the straight away... then moments later as i slowed to turn left onto Log Cabin trail where I live, it repeated the exact same action.. the interior glowed rein the car, and within .5 of a second it shot from yet again... several hundred if not a thousand feet back where it had dissapeared, i watched it shoot twords the car like a bullet.... it repeated the same ting until i was literally panicking as I jammed the gas to get up my drive... then.. it was gone... On both occasions, i could sense its presence, and it was as though it was inside of my mind and heart... and messing with me... I cannot explain it.. I have experienced a lot of very weird things and seen many UFOs over the years... but NOTHING like this has ever happened to me. I am fucking terrified. I can sort of sense something outside.. and I am not going to sleep until the sun is out.... Has anyone else ever had a RED light nearly wreck into their car? and sensed some of these orange or red lights are actually sentient... and Psychic?... This is my first time reporting any of my experiences... but this one really really shook me up. I am not sure if it left any evidence on my GFs car or not, it wasn't hot or anything... but it roiled and boiled like a red sun about the size of a small car, and was so close i could not really tell its diameter... only that it filled the back windshield and i could see the reddish fiery light around its edges as i glanced at my drivers side mirror... I am so tired of this. and desperate for help. in 2018 i experienced a entire 3-4 month period of other Orange and Blue white lights that seem to do stuff to me at night, and when they are outside, things start moving in my home on their own at times... I am so fucking terrified and sick of this. I wish they would just leave me alone... or kill me. I cant take it much longer.
