{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-30 04:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4519,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5526007.json","updb_database_id":5526007}
Silent craft over South Denver, hazy blue concave shape, first appeared like two stars or planets in conjunction

Walking the dog with my boyfriend early Memorial Day morn before dawn, we were heading home & I noticed 2 star-like bright lights in the sky directly ahead of us to the west. The left light was brighter/larger than the right light, which seemed to be at a 33 degree angle (just checked the angle on a drawing I made immediately after returning home). I asked my bf "What is that?" & he said that it was probably planets in conjunction. That had been my first thought, too, but it didn't seem correct. The brightest light appeared 3x brighter than Venus. The other light was about half that of the first. I kept watching the lights for maybe 10 seconds & realized they were slowly moving together in that alignment. I told my bf "It's moving!" We stood still in the middle of the street trying to figure out what it was. I listened for any kind of engine sound, thought I heard something for a split second at first while bf was talking (could have been a car or truck), but heard nothing more. It moved slow, silent, & steady with the lights in that alignment the entire time. It traveled about 1 mph, SW to NE, and seemed to be on a flight path, not unlike it was headed towards DIA, except that it was lower than one would expect (difficult to judge, but probably less than 400 yards above the trees, maybe around 200 yds). 

As it approached nearly overhead of us, I could make out a faint shape on the "front" between the lights. It was concave like a crescent or wave shape that was a hazy bluish-grey color. It really seemed to mimic the wispy clouds. It also moved in perfect alignment with both lights. I could not make out the "back" of the craft. The hazy blue crescent just faded to black. From light to light the craft seemed the size of a football field. I asked my bf if he could see the blue crescent in between the lights. He could & thought light was reflecting off the "front". He also could not make out the "back". At this point I waved to it like a little kid to let it know we acknowledged it. I felt totally calm, yet excited to see this thing. BF said later he didn't feel scared, but that it was intense. Dog was calm the whole time. When it was past us a little to the NE, we saw a shooting star (red) fall in front of it. Interestingly, my bf said that he'd said a silent prayer right before that. When the craft should have blocked a star it was crossing over, it didn't; it seemed transparent. BF differs on what he saw concerning this. Then the treetops began obscuring our view, we started running east towards the park for a better view, but it was gone, apparently into the big wall of clouds to the east.

From where we stood when I first noticed it, it seemed about 2-3 miles away due West. There was cloud cover in all directions, except for this large clear patch stretching maybe 2 miles W-E around us & 1-2 miles N-S. Low, wispy clouds were prevalent closest to us on the W, SW, & NW and a big cloud wall was to the E, NE, & SE. The air felt extra humid for Denver. I feel lucky that there was this break in the cloud cover for us to see it. The entire viewing from first noticing lights to it disappearing was 3-5 minutes. Neither of us had seen a UFO before this. We don't drink or do drugs. We regularly take night walks with the dog & look up at the stars. We have both seen a stealth over Denver in daylight. THAT gave me an ominous feeling, this UFO did not. It was silent the whole time. No red or blue blinking lights. It was definitely not a conventional aircraft. Although I wasn't scared at the time (I always thought I would be if I saw a UFO), I've been a little nervous since. Didn't take a walk the next night or two, haha. Posted on Facebook initially & a friend said to post here. Hadn't heard about MUFON before; thank you for your work & website.
