{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-08 23:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5491007.json","updb_database_id":5491007}
{rjl} 2 masses observed over route 375

My friend and I just moved to Vegas from Boston, we choose to drive. We were on our way from Reno to Las Vegas and out route put us on route 375. We were completely unaware of the significants of this road at the time. As were driving in the distance beyond the ridge line we began to see flashes of light, similar to a transformer blowing up. However the flashes were emitting a light much brighter than a blown transformer and the flashes were coming from different parts of the ridge rather then one select area. I thought I might have been heat lighting, but there were not clouds or heat to justify such a conclusion. Plus the light was grounded rather than airborne. We exited the car to try to see what was going on. I looked to my left and in the corner ridge maybe a mile away I saw a red beam of light head directly towards the grown at a rapid speed and then begin to expand as it got closer to the ground. Then it disappeared as fast it appeared. I thought nothing of it at the time because I am not going to jump and say something is not of this world when it was close enough or seen long enough to scare me into believing it was something of significants. Then my friend tapped me on the shoulder and pointed at a bright white beam of light heading towards the ground then curve south east. The light was maybe 300 yards away and as it got closer to the ground it began to expand just like the red beam. But then a blue circular mass appeared. I can't say it was a ball of light or a gas because thought it was not clearly defined in sense of having sharp edges but it had blurred definition but the light was contained in a shape without a doubt. Then within the blue light what looked like small bolts of lighting began to appear but were contained without the light it self. Then as it got closer to the ground a solid dark object appeared at the based of the light with 10 to 12 red lights at the based of the object. The mass was maybe 300 years away. All masses began to slow down. We could feel the pressure of the object and we had the sense the air was electrified but there was no noise what so ever. We quickly got into the car and drove to where we were staying. I did research the next day and quickly realized we were right next to groom lake and wondered if what we saw was what I dared not mention. I have lived many places. Including next to the Air Force base in Burlington VT. I have seen war games done by the government and I have seen flares and black hawks fly in odd formations during simulations. I have lived next to the submarine base and coast guard academy, I know what military lights on aircrafts and vehicles look like and how they can be mistaken for something they are not. This was nothing I have seen, there was zero explanation. If I had to say what it was. I would say it was an object deciding out of a highly active particle mass.
