{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-14 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5287007.json","updb_database_id":5287007}
Huge black triangle craft that parked above us then faded into the stars

We were having a bonfire and watching the stars. We were living in a cabin on 33 acres in the woods so there's no light pollution. We saw a very large triangular craft with a small white light at each tip. I don't remember whether they were flashing. It was massive and moved slowly over the Doug Fir trees. It blacked out all the stars behind it. It then stopped directly overhead. We were terrified and started yelling and running alternately under cover and back out to look. It then faded into the stars like it cloaked itself. 

That's the last memory either of us has of that night. I woke up first in the morning, we were naked in bed (we don't sleep naked) and our clothes were just strewn everywhere. I thought that was strange but I didn't remember anything about what we saw. Over the next 10-15 minutes it slowly started coming back to me. I just sat on the couch thinking. After about an hour my husband got up and came out and asked why we were naked. I asked him if he remembered what we saw the night before and I watched it slowly dawn on him. We then just both sat there on the couch completely blown away. Our teenage daughter got up an hour or so later and we told her what we had seen. She pretty much scoffed at us but did say she'd heard us freaking out.

I've always been a skeptic and I've never seen anything like that before or since. I didn't have the sense that we had been abducted or anything, and we were never scared to be outside or anything like that afterwards. If anything it felt like it saw our fear and just...put us to bed. And humans take their clothes off when they sleep so it did that too. Oh and tried to wipe our memory of the event but didn't do a very good job. 

I've only recently started sharing my experience, and decided to report it because it was suggested to me that maybe it WAS an abduction and that is the part of our experience that was successfully blocked. I've heard about hypnotherapy and have considered it, though I haven't been able to be successful hypnotized in the past.
