{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113343","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5290007.json","updb_database_id":5290007}
Childhood implant(s) and odd events

This is not an abduction report, per se. I had an incident with a penile "implant" as a child; looked like a thin, black metal hook about the width of a woman's bobby pin that pulled back (almost intelligently, it felt controlled) when I grabbed onto it. I could feel it anchored deep in my groin. It didn't hurt necessarily, but when it tried to go back in, the hooked tip got stuck on the opening of my penis. I grabbed it again and it slipped and pulled back inside. I was upset and went to tell my mother. She didn't believe me, but my brother remembers me running out of the bathroom screaming about it. 

Another episode occurred when I felt a bump under the skin on the front of my ankle. There was no mark or cut anywhere on my ankle, foot or anywhere else that I recall. But as I played with the bump, it came close enough to the surface for me to squeeze it and break through the skin. It looked like a small (maybe 1/4" long) piece of amber, not the rock/metallic implants others report. 

About this time, I also had two men in a van follow me in a way that is really inexplicable (I won't go into the details here), but they nearly got me. It was very scary. The culmination of things that were going on and the fact that I am an identical twin made me start to wonder if my mother was part of an experiment by the government or someone else. I was only 12 or 13 at the time of the second implant and I remember not trusting my mom. Nothing about these experiences was normal for any child. 

I'm just sharing this now, for the first time, as other things have happened over the years, possibly more spiritual/psychic than alien, but I'm to a point where I'd like some answers. 

Anyway, if you have further questions or suggestions to help me learn more about my experiences, I'd really appreciate your help. 

Thanks, 

Chad
