{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-20 12:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3377,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5494007.json","updb_database_id":5494007}
{cak} We were standing outside and just saw it in the sky and realized it did not look or act like any plane.

We live full time in an RV and we were working as volunteers at [location removed]. We were just outside doing some work around the yard and the RV and just enjoying the view and the day. The mountains always draw my attention and there is what I have been told is a border patrol blimp that they have up for observation many times. 

I first noticed the object because it just sort of appeared. There was no sound like with a regular aircraft. It just sort of hovered in the area by the mountain. It seemed to glint in the sunlight. I am not sure if it was white or silver. The shape was really strange like no aircraft I had ever seen. It reminded me of a wishbone, or boomerang. Well, actually it reminded me of those balancing birds you could buy that had their wings stretched to the front. 

As far as the motion, it just sort of appeared in the sky, hovered for a bit and then flew in a straight line to the west, and then just disappeared again. There was absolutely no sound that I could hear, no engine whine or roar or anything. The thing I thought was weird too is that unlike many of the flying wing type aircraft of today, it actually flew with the wings forward, not with the nose part forward.

As far as my feelings and reactions - I definitely believe in UFOs and I did not fear it but was enthralled with the sight of it. I was excited. I ran into the RV to get the camera and got a couple of shots before it went away. I believe that I went right in and downloaded the pictures off my camera, but I am not sure if I did it later or the next day. I cannot remember now. My husband was outside with me and he witnessed it as well. He is more skeptical when it comes to strange things like ghosts and UFOs but even he thought it was a little strange. I don't really know how long it all took place but it stayed in place long enough for me to run in and get my camera and snap off a few pictures. It was like a surreal moment, like time stood still. The duration time I put is simply an estimate as I was not watching my watch.

I used a regular digital camera and zoomed it as far as it would go and I only had one good picture and I had to crop it to get it to be seen as it is. I am not a professional photographer nor has it been altered through Photo Shop or anything. The second picture I am submitting gives a view of our site and the mountains and the electric wire which can be seen in the UFO shot to give a perception of where the object was.
