{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-29 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3315,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5486007.json","updb_database_id":5486007}
{nd} Observed large rectangular object that appeared white or reflective during the day

On Tuesday, Dec. 29, 2015 while on vacation in the Davis Mountains region of Texas, we had to drive from Ft. Davis to Alpine to get a new tire. Once completed we decided we'd just drive over to Marfa, TX to see what was there and then make the loop back to Ft. Davis. This was somewhere around 10-11am CST. On that drive west from Alpine to Marfa, at about 10 miles from Marfa, my wife and I noticed a white rectangular or perhaps trapezoidal shape in the distance to the west. I first thought we were seeing something reflecting off the distant mountains, but as we got closer it was apparent it was up in the sky. It appeared to just be up there. As we were driving, I could not tell that it was moving at all. Just hung there in the distance. My wife thought it must be a weather balloon, but I said it was too rectangular for that and it didn't appear to move up or down. It was just a very odd sight. And I have to admit, being in the area of the famous Marfa Lights didn't help any. 

As we got closer to Marfa, we realized it was beyond the town to the west and still appeared to be almost the same size as when we'd first observed. To do that, it must have been very large. We lost it as we got into town behind buildings. We ended up driving around the town for a few minutes. Then I decided we had to see if it was still there, so we drove to the west side of the small town and by that time we could no longer see it. 

On the drive, I took an iPhone picture that clearly shows the rectangular, white or reflective shape that we saw. I eventually took at a better camera and took another picture and a small video. This camera picture and video don't show up as white. I assume it has something to do with the type of lens, white balance, etc. It's a better camera, but the images aren't as defined. This picture and video just show up as a dark spot in the sky. 

Our hope in submitting this is that someone knows what this was and can explain it in real terms. I've never posted anything like this and was hesitant to do so. But, it was a strange site, and I am hoping someone knows what it was.  

I've included the original iPhone picture and a blowup of that, as well as the picture and video from the other camera.
