{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-17 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5522007.json","updb_database_id":5522007}
Thought I was looking at a huge star till it started to move. When I would pinpoint it again for a better look it would move again. Saw with binoculars not a plane, satellite, helicopter, or planet. Husband and child witnessed also.2 retuned at 11pm acend

I was sitting on my porch looking at the early evening sky when I noticed a huge star. At least at first I thought it was a star till it started moving. It was very large and a very bright white light. It was just behind a tree line which is what made me really notice the movement. I would get a clear view of it then it would almost play peek a boo with you. Still unsure of what I was seeing I got my husband to clarify that it was moving. Still thinking at this point it was a plane or helicopter I grabbed my high power binoculars to look for the classic blinking lights. Instead I saw the huge white light no pulsing but the white light was surrounded by a greenish blue color not visible with the necked eye. I obseved this strange left then right up than down flight of this object for over an hour till it was no longer visible. Let me just say right now that I have watched this same sky my whole life! I know ever star, planet, satellite, plane, comet, helicopter, and shooting star. THIS WAS NOTHING LIKE I HAD SEEN IN MY LIFE!!!! On the other hand it was something I have waited my whole life to see. Later around 11pm I again went outside out of pure curiosity to gaze at the sky. In the same general direction as the first encounter there were 2 moving almost in tandome this time. One was way way way up in the atmosphere and almost did look like a satellite. The second object was following behind the first and seemed much bigger and brighter. I continued to watch them clime into the heavens until neither was visible. Planes don't do that and satillites follow a clear flight path. I am not the only one seeing these strange moving lights in SC!!! Last night an hour before my first sighting a woman in Polk county Florida had also seen something similar. I had posted on Earth Sky on Facebook trying to get a logical answer. THEY tried to tell me its Venus. Ummmm I know Venus and sorry it does not move left to right up then down. When I stated that in my post they never replied again. Like I stated before I KNOW this sky!!!! That was not suppose to be there!
