{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501007","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/007/mufon-5501007.json","updb_database_id":5501007}
{cak} Dark wedge crossing road really lowly, clear skies

35.918788, -116.26697 (roughly)

On vacation from out of state, traveling from Los Angeles to Las Vegas with a detour into Death Valley. Driving at night, no other vehicles on the road. Wife was asleep. Radio started acting weird. I couldn't get a station in so I turned it off and rolled down the window. I slowed down looking out the side window and looked up at the stars. So much light pollution from where I'm from I was amazed at how much I could see. I continued glancing up at the sky from time to time and suddenly noticed there was no stars in a section of the sky. It was as I was pulling into a tunnel. So I slowed down and looked closer at the sky. 

I realized what I was looking at. Possibly about 100 feet over the road and towards the shoulder was a pale black wing/wedge shape craft. I had slowed the car to near walking speed. There was no wind or clouds. The car I was driving was a hybrid and completely silent except for the tires slowly rotating. I could recognize the surface texture as well. 

I jumped up onto the window where my arm was and coasted the car while trying to steer and not blink or make a noise. After a few minutes I realized how huge it was. I had coasted for a few minutes underneath it and I was still less than half way down the side. 

The skin changed into a generic star pattern. Slightly light stars and black sky. I was able to still clearly make out its outline. It looked like an optical illusion that would have fooled me had I not been looking directly at it and it changed. 

It dawned on me as soon as I saw it, that this could possibly be bad. It could be a government thing or something people don't want told so I kept my mouth shut. This is why i didn't involve my wife. When it changed its camo/skin I then decided it was time to get out of there. No pictures, no one knew it happened to me so there was no foul. I hit the gas and got out of there. Oddly enough 10 minutes later my brakes overheated and failed while driving down into the valley. I had to use the e-brake to slow the car down. Almost skid off the sheer drop on the side of the road. Not sure if the 2 are related. I didn't connect the 2 then. I don't have mountains where I'm from. 

I waited until on the plane home before I told my wife and years before I said anything to anyone else. After some recent research I feel this would be a wise item to report. I'm a skeptic. I felt as though most of these reports were crazy people, mistaken identity and secret military projects. There is nothing I've seen that suggest it was man made with that tech or size.
