{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-19 20:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38249","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5518753.json","updb_database_id":5518753}
Red glow with randomly flickering yellow/white light

I was alone in the backyard, with a small cooking fire in a pit, going to embers. I was looking in the sky hoping to see bats in the fading twilight. I noticed a red glow at what appeared to be a high altitude that was moving due north at a moderate speed. Assuming that the altitude was as high as it seemed, the speed was consistent with a conventional jet aircraft. The character of the light was nothing like any aircraft I have ever seen. It was a red hazy ball of light with a yellow/white light that seemed to be at the lower extremity of the ball, and which was flickering at an inconsistent pace. The yellow/white light almost appeared like a flame, but the red hazy ball did not seem to vary in its appearance. As the object traversed the sky it changed course and speed slightly. When I first noticed it, it had just come into view from the obstruction of a large tree. I realized that I had my camera with me, and quickly switched it to video mode. My camera is an Olympus FE230. I had nothing to steady the camera against, but some of the footage is pretty still. I also tried to get some trees in the view while zoomed out, but it was almost too dark to capture them. I called for my wife to come out to see, but she was in the bathroom and was unable to come out until it had faded into the north sky. In the footage, I saw two light dots that seem to move in and out corresponding with zooming the camera in and out. I feel that those two dots were caused by the lens, as they remain stable in relation to the frame. I was quite excited to see this phenomenon. The object gradually faded from view in the distance. I am a pilot and am very knowledgeable about aircraft and atmospheric phenomenon, and this sighting was unexplainable to me. I would also like to point out that the sky was perfectly clear. there were a few stars just starting to appear, and they were sharply defined.
