{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-08-25 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4052,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5285753.json","updb_database_id":5285753}
I am following up on a report i made in early September 2001 ..I hope you still have on record...

I am writing this more than 20 yrs after the event occurred ..I reported this event to Mufon in early September 2001 just after my experience....I received a message back but it was just before 9/11 ..i was very close to Towers that day ..so things went weird ,my old iMac got dust in it and broke and email address with it.We ended up moving back to UK ..(hence UK address)..

  The sighting of which i speak took place around August 25th 2001. I along with mywife and two children,(5 and 1 ) along with two friends were travelling on a private prop plane out of Teaterbourogh Airport in New Jersey..we took off at approx 4pm on route to Marthas Vineyard Mass.The plane belonged to my friends father and came with a pilot..whom I've been told was a very experienced pilot in regards to that route..

  It was a hot humid and cloudy day..But as we rose above the clouds ..near the Twin Towers s(trangely enough)..we broke through the clouds into full sun clear skies. Uninhibited visibility.

At that moment...(i was seated on the right side rear window of what was a 10 seater plane.) if the planes direction was 12 o'clock ..at 4 o'clock just out the corner of my windows and above and behind i saw an enormous,rust coloured boomerang shaped object ..The point of the boomerang was pointing in the same direction as our plane ..it was at least a mile from us ..back and above somewhat. There were no lights ..it was stationary and silent .There were rectangular recesses along its rounded hull that resembled windows perhaps but they were indistinct...It looked metallic..like a rusty old iron triangle.V shaped tubular...Scale was hard to define but at least (my approx is based on cloud size below) was 700 to 1000 ft in length..from nose to tip ..both "wings"...

  As soon as i saw it i shouted to my friends. Two of them got a glimpse ( perhaps 10 seconds).My wife was seated on left side of plane holding my son so missed it.As object was stionary and we were flying away from it my sighting was no more than 20 second.My friends both saw it as did the pilot.

  We became very excited and were shouting and questioning the pilot as to what it may be. He said it wasn't his first sighting and wouldn't talk about it any more but acknowledged and corroborated our sighting.

   A very strange ..almost dream like state overtook us all and we sort of all forgot about it..or more exactly it didn't mean much anymore..It was fully remembered..but the actual import of it lessened .As if almost it was partially erased.Very odd.
.We landed on time at MV Airport. Deplaned and went about enjoying our weekend ..yet we vaguely remembered and would often discuss it..... it had very little importance in some way or so it felt.

     I made my initial report several days after the Labor Day Weekend 2001. As mentioned the events of 9/11 overtook me and I've always wanted to follow up on this.....

 I hope this is helpful..i read that near that time there was a mass sighting on the New Jersey Turnpike of a huge boomerang shaped object and I've always wondered if the two were linked...

 Please if you can find my original post from early September 2001 It may be more detailed and shed greater light.

  Please don't hesitate to contact me .

  I hereby declare that what i have stated is the truth in regards to this event

M. Richards
