{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-21 23:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5500753.json","updb_database_id":5500753}
around 8-10 UFO'S emitting light hovered above the cloud for around half an hour.

Well I really can1t believe that I am writing about a real UFO viewing. On that night I was watching TV and it was around 11:00 PM and my younger brother was walking on the terrace. Suddenly, my younger brother shouted and asked me to come on terrace , I really thought that he might have seen something like snake or may be some insect moving on the terrace and that is the reason he is calling me. I just rushed towards my ground floor terrace and then my brother asked me to look at the sky...what I saw was amazing. There were 6-7 flying objects in the sky just above our terrace and they were moving in changing patterns. Initially they were hovering then they took the straight line path and again they started moving randomly. The objects were looking transparent source of light but after some time we realized that it1s not the transparent light rather it1s coming from the object itself. It was like the object were emitting light and the light could be seen covering the entire object. It was difficult to see the object through the light. The most interesting part was the speed with which the objects were moving. Those objects were just moving like a flash of light and all of sudden they were able to change the path. At times they were moving to and fro in a straight line. At times we felt that the object was coming close to us and suddenly it appeared moving away from us. To be honest it was difficult to believe that we are watching the UFO'S. I am calling them UFO'S because I could not relate those objects with any flying machine that exist on our earth. They were different in every aspect. They stayed in the sky for around half an hour and after that they vanished. We could not see in which direction they left. In the mean while we called one of our neighbor and asked him to look at the sky, he was also surprised to see those objects and he termed them as " God's Miracle'. During the entire episode we were so surprised that we forgot to take the pictures from our handy cam but fortunately I had my cell phone and I tried to take few videos which are attached along with this from for your verification. The camera quality was not good so for me the video cannot explain what we have witnessed on that night. Before I conclude I would like to mention that I felt like a tank like structure is being surrounded by those bright light. I am using the word 1Tank Like" because the object under the light was having some sharp edges. If you would ask me to draw the motion of the object in the sky, then I would ask you to imagine a football ground consisting of 6-7 or may be 8-10 cars emitting light and moving randomly. Few cars were moving in a straight line on the edge of the ground. Some of the cars were moving together in a straight line. Some cars were covering half of the ground and again would start from some another point just like a zigzag motion. Some of the cars were moving like pendulums. And suddenly few of the cars would start flying and coming close to the spectators. I missed the chance to call the news reporters because I thought that they will not believe me. But now after watching the episodes on TV I am sure that we encountered UFO'S on that night. This is the feeling/ experience which are going to last forever. Now I believe that aliens do exist and may be one day we are going to encounter them. I feel good to know that we are not alone in this universe. I feel good to know that one day we all be able to coexist. But those planes were truly amazing. But, what I don't understand is why they came to this remote place, why they were moving in the sky for half an hour and trust me they were not alone.
