{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-08-11 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63681","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5495753.json","updb_database_id":5495753}
My self and 4 friends saw the real deal up close.

Please excuse my spelling and punctuation, not my strong point. 
1994 -1995 lightening ridge Australia. my self and 4 friends arrived back to my camp / caravan on the out skirts of town, at just past 3pm in the afternoon.

On one side of my caravan was plastic BBQ chairs we where all sitting on. to one end of my caravan was a large gum tree. I lent back in my chair and looked up and hovering directly above the gum tree was a Craft. The surface is very hard to explain. But shimmered a variation of colors primary reds, orange, yellows over a solid surface that looked like machined cast iron aka (not real shinny) like alloy or steel. Best way to describe it was like paint swirling on the top of water.
The surface then began to change the best description i can give is the surface of the object started to protrude. closest thing i can put it to is when you see and object dropped in a bucket of water in slow motion, The way it peaks. The whole surface did the same thing and the shards got longer and changed color to a ghostly white until it consumed me. Everything even my peripheral vision. i was just enveloped in the light its self.The light its self characteristics where like looking up at a waters surface from underneath the water. The way the light refracts, only white. i remember being conscious of standing with my toes pointing down. Witch should not have been the case as i was sitting in my chair like the other 4 people with me. 
After what felt like around 30s to 1 minute i was sitting in my chair with my arms crossed on my lap to one side looking at the ground. As i lifted my head i noticed all the others where sitting in the same position and starting to look up at each other. 
Truth is i thought i had some heat head spin or something like that and was not going to say anything. Then steven 1 of the 4 who was sitting just across from me said. "Call me crazy but did any of you just see that" We all jumped to our feet saying "hell yes it was just" .... we paused because the object was still above us back to its original shape and color. After a few "F&ck me" expressed by us all it started to move away. There was a clearing from the back of my caravan of around 100 meters to the tree line. We literally brisk walked next to it as it moved away towards the treeline without a sound. I could have thrown a rock at it, it was that close. as it passed over the tree line Arron said lets get torches and follow it see if it lands. I remember Arron and i exchanging a quick look of recognition as it was almost dark around 5:15 pm non daylight savings time. We all ran back to Arron's house to find torches and told his mother and also Shaun's parents who's house backed on to Arron's naturally they called us crazy. we spent the next few hours trading descriptions of what happened and all seemed to match my own. It was spotted around 350 km away that night in a town called Dubbo. Witch made it to the local paper. 
Now the odd thing to this day that bothers me... The light that surrounded me / us. and what happened to the time. I know 100% the craft exists but i can not say i or we saw aliens. I left lightening ridge not long after and lost contact with the lads i was with. Over the years i have had endless dreams of being on craft, dreams of alien faces a few inches above me. i wake regularly out of a deep sleep to such an uneasy feeling that i get up and check on my kids and look in every room. I have watched almost every video over the years on hundreds of social media in the hope to see or hear something that looks or sounds close to what we saw. and with the exception of maybe 5 i have read or viewed i never have. People who post picks or video of dots of light. are just that dots of light and nothing more. Im still waiting for that one photo or video that i can say that is the real deal. Their is one incident that i saw that im not ready to debunk. A laddie over in the stated while at a busy intersection claims to have see an object and it let off a odd light. And the guy who hosted the show tried to debunk her by saying to many people where around and someone else would have seen something. The light i / we saw consumed you and held you captivated by it completely. IMO it could happen to 1000s at once and you would never know. 
Arron still lives in lightening ridge as i found a post in the paper from their in 2014. Sean Invest, Steven and Arrons older brother Lee im not sure of his whereabouts. 
I have recently gone to a physiologist and told him the story but he can't help as it was the first time anyone has ever told him anything like it. So at current time im left with unanswered questions that i may never get answered. All i can say is it changed my life and continues too till this day. I will take a polygraph test what ever it takes just to get answers. Thanks and i hope this helps in some way shape or form. Feel free to ring or email me with any other questions.
