{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-08-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5496753.json","updb_database_id":5496753}
{cak} landed in ocean then quickly traveled to shore

I was with my girlfriend on the beach at fire island ny watching the perseids meteor shower in august of 1972. a large object appeared over the ocean. we first thought it was just a large meteor. but it hovered above the ocean and changed direction. it settled into the ocean approximately 1/2 mile from us. we could see it shining under the water. it traveled quickly through the ocean towards our location. I had never seen anything like it before or since. there was a jetty and a small light beacon that I climbed on to get a better look. the object was coming quickly. the next thing we both knew was that it was almost 3am. over 4 hours passed without any sensation of time passing. both myself and my girlfriend were shaking and had an incredible sensation of fear. neither of us could remember what happened during the lost period of time. I will also add that neither myself or my girlfriend ever used drugs or alcohol. we were both sober and wide awake at the time of the event. my girlfriend was never the same after that. she withdrew from the world and never wanted me to see her again or to ever remind her of that night. as for myself. I have had a severe sleep disorder my entire life since that night. I have the same nightmare that I am being chased several nights a week for over 40 years.
I never get to see what or who is chasing me and I never know why I am being chased.
 this is a fact. i am not crazy or a liar. I have told this story to many of my friends most of my life. I did not make it up, and I have been laughed at most of my life because I told people about this event. I have actually talked to someone else that swears that he had the same missing time happen to him. that made me wonder if this happens often, that most people that lost time never remember what happened. I am willing to answer any questions that you might ask. i have always wondered what happened to us. i have never been able to forget it. the memory stays as fresh as if it happened yesterday.
