{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-20 21:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5460753.json","updb_database_id":5460753}
{rjl} Blinking White sometimes Redlight flew then hover at the Hangar & 1 Landed Craft

Me & my brother were heading to a birthday party it was 9:15pm April 20th 2019 when we turned 2 blocks from our house is when we saw this 1st UFO. It was hovering at first then moved to North then the house blocked our view but it came out moving to West direction from our point of view and we lost sighting when the building blocked our way. So moving on we went out of our neighborhood and when we get to the Main Street 4-5 blocks after. It was 9:20pm, me and my brother noticed another blinking light on our right side at Walnut Avenue right after we passed the bridge from were we live. We followed its path and we observed the UFO stopped hover for couple seconds then move, it was pulsating Red on its front side every 2 seconds while a white light stay lit on the front end of it while in its back side Red light is constantly lit and a blinking bright white comes on and off every 2 seconds. Then it stopped again and hover for couple seconds and start moving to the West from our point of view. Whenever it moves, 1 side of the craft is tilted downwards and 1 side slightly tilted upward. The side that is tilted downward is the side from which direction the craft is going to. When we saw it the left side tilted downwards a bit and right side tilted a bit and the craft were heading West from where we were watching it but whenever it hovers, it stays at an even position and the blinking lights remained the same. We lost sighting of it when it get blocked by tall trees and then buildings, we tried to follow its path were unable to. So we try to move on with our night and go to our friends birthday party but again on our way at the Tustin Hangar Area we saw another blinking light that resembles what we just have seen. It has a blinking red lights when we saw it flying over on top of 1 of the hangar but when it came out on the hangars west side from how we were watching it. The light dimmed and white lights were noticed only on the left side and the right side and it seem to land at a close by housing community, my brother was driving and urge him to try to go that community but driving ahead he saw another blinking light he pointed it to me and told me there's another one. On the view of the stop light ahead of us, we observed it together as it slowly fly low approximately 200-210 feet it was lit small white and pulsate red every 2 seconds. The hangar itself measures 192 feet in height and passes over one of the Tustin Hangar like the previous one did.Then noticed it to slowdown, hover began to lower down with 2 bright white lights on its left and right side and 1 dimmed white light on top. As it lowers down slowly it shut off its white light on top. We lost the sighting as the Hangar blocked the view when it seem to land on the other side of the hangar. I was filming what we were seeing have my windows open my brother was driving the area is barricaded all around it with green turp around sometimes just the metal wires and so I stick out my arm up and just film it. When we get to the party I reviewed what I got and without noticing while we were watching the 2nd UFO my brother noticed coming. On its way over to the hangar there is already 1 silvery metallic flat chocolate Kisses looking UFO with Red light stripe that goes all around the craft and its light with dimmed part that circles around it. Sometimes white flashlight would come out of the Red wrapped around light. And then I look very closely and noticed an entity came out running from the craft. It has 4 limbs just on the right side. It runs like a lion, very fast & in about 2 seconds of the video approximately it run a full basketball court. It has no clothing, seems to have a tail. It has no lips but just big opening like how a puppet. No nose but it looks like a birds beak, a big rounded beak. Big round 2 eyes. Its face has a different color from its body. From the photo its face look flesh in color unto its forehead beak and mouth then 2 big eyes then from the forehead and all lover its body it seem to have dirty white appearance or very light grayish appearance. Its head is very pointed upwards like a cone head. The best way to describe it is it looks like a gargoyle, or a Pteroductail flying dinosaur but has 4 legs on the right side, I can't tell how many on its left side. And its back looks like it has a carapace, it is crooked like how an alligators back would look, it has a lot of uneven surfaces and a thick tail. Its first right limb seems to look like our leg, it has a knee in the front that bends backwards like how legs would. Its right 2nd 3rd and 4th limbs I cannot tell how it folds but it seems huge and ripped with muscle. Its left arm seem to me carrying something. It runs very fast it looks like a car on the video until you look frame by frame. There is only 1 frame on when you can take a good look of how it look like.
