{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522753","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33264","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5705,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/753/mufon-5522753.json","updb_database_id":5522753}
Floating humming orbs seemingly made out of thin glass containing a smoke like substance which had a dark orange color

The reason i did not entirely filled in the form is because i didn't understood everything, like i don't know how much inches a football or basketball is and couldn't find it on google :p plus english is not my language nor did i follow english class.
And i don't know which month or day it occured but i had to fill something in, rest assured it did happen in 1996 yet i think that's pretty irrelivant 

Copied from my facebook, it's basically a very detailed report.

WTF Flying glassy orbs containing orange smoke!?
Here's the story;
When i was 8 years old i had my room shared up the attic together with my little brother ([Name removed/cms/tg]). Though he would probably deny what happened that very night, i can assure you anything you're about to read has truly happened.
How it happened and why i do not know yet it was so fascinating and supernatural that i still remember that day as if it were yesterday.
The reason why i did not share this with anyone else (excl. close friends) is because noone would actually believe me until recently this topic came up when i was speaking to my other (older) brothers ([name removed/cms/tg]) his girlfriend ([name removed/cms/tg] something something) who told me her mother actually saw the same thing, coinsidently she was also 8 years old when it happened and she also remembers that moment as if it were yesterday.
There was no doubt, she described it to me exactly how i remember it, in short; glassy orbs the size of a regular football containing orange smoke and making a humming sound.
Now onto the real deal.
The attic is separated by a vertical wooden beam construction in the middle and on each side of the crooked walls there are a few other horizontal beams in the middle separating the walls in two, now if you got all of that, that means that i have 8 seperated wall sections which are covered in some kind of white carpet.
Me and my lil brother (who was 3.5 yrs old at that time, hence i don't blame him for denying it and not truly understanding what happened that night, it's a shame though) were sleeping when we both woke up around the same moment from a rather loud humming noise, i coudln't and still can't compare it to anything i've ever heard 
When i opened my eyes the first thing i noticed was that the entire room was illuminated by a bright orange glow coming from the northern part of the attic and a strange noise coming out of nowhere, our beds were positioned next to eachother in the souther part.
I quickly noticed my brother was already hiding crying under his sheets screaming at me to make them go away, when i looked back at the light i saw 5 (damn or was it 6?) of those orbs floating below the ridge of the ceiling (where the two walls come together).
On my knees i crawled to the end of my bed and got a very clear view of the orbs as i was just 2 meters away from them, i was so scared but i had to protect my younger brother so i stood up and spread my arms as wide as i could and shouted; leave us alone, what happened next was even more extraordinary.
The orbs vanished into the walls(more like getting absorbed into the walls), half of the orbs into the eastern upper part and the rest into the western upper part, as they did they made a strange sucking sound also incomparable to anything else and when they all vanished the entire upper parts illuminated and the glow was so bright it stretched out about 2 meters on each side towards the other side, the weird part was that the light did not blinded me as it did not illuminate the rest of the room nor was it bright to look at from my point of view.
Then the light slowly started to shrink until it completely vanished.
And that's the whole story.
I've looked all over the internet but anything i found about orbs is rubbish and a lot of people even though they never saw one say they can't be real, this really saddens me.
There's loads of discussions around it though but people tend to say they are other lights such as chinese candles and any pictures i've come across are bull@#$%, i wonder are they really that rare, howcome Steph her mom saw them as well? I'm sure there's other people out there who witnessed such event and I really would appreciate it if anyone else that has any legit intel on this issue would share it with me even if it's not your own, thanks. I hope you enjoyed the story and goodnight (jebus it's 5am)

Up until this day i hate myself for making them go away so fast, why didn't i touch them? Why didn't i try to communicate with them? They did almost instantly vanish when i asked (insisted) them to go away... Why am i so *** damn curious, argh!
:(

I forgot to mention the "glass" which contained the smoke was a perfect round shape and around 1cm thick, and the orange smoke inside it was constantly moving. Hotdamn it still makes me shiver.

And any light in the room and coming from the walls had the exact same color as the smoke. Thanks FB for and edit tool /sarcasm

mispelled 'an' -_-
