{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11005,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5530381.json","updb_database_id":5530381}
Hovering black triangle for 90+ minutes, Observed extensively but at high altitude during Perseid Meteor Shower.

I was in my backyard with my 4 year old son watching the Perseid meteor shower. He was excited to finally see a shooting star. We were watching the sky and mostly due to light pollution I suspect, we had very few meteors visible-over the hour we watched together I only saw 5 and my son missed 2 of them and witnessed only 3. Luckily, being 4 years old that was excitement enough for him. I had planned to allow my son to watch for 30-60 minutes starting at 10 PM as this was way past his bedtime and we made a special occasion out of it. My wife was tired and went to bed at about 10:15 after seeing nothing for 15 minutes.

My son and I were carefully searching the skies for the Perseid show and were spending an extended period of time doing it. Had I not been paying such close attention, I likely would have missed what has instantly become the strangest thing I have ever seen. My son saw it as well, but I downplayed it's significance to him due to his young age and not wanting to scare him. 

At about 10:30 I noted what I thought was a star in the sky just like any other except that it seemed to be twinkling more than other stars so I kept my eye on it. I then realized that it wasn't just twinkling, but actually moving. It was moving in a way that immediately made me realize it was not a typical fixed wing or rotor aircraft. At first I took the light to be a very distant object at extreme altitude that was moving perhaps greater distances and with less conventional motion, akin to old videos I have seen on television when people used to watch form the "black mailbox" at Area 51, although less dramatic. Fascinated, I pointed it out to my son, who also was able to see "that moving thing" and then as we watched it together I realized that there were 2 more lights below the one that I was looking at that were intermittently visible and had a reddish hue, VERY dim. The light I noticed at first was more of a white light that at times twinkled red or blue like a star can do, which is anther reason I at first mistook it for a star. Connecting the dots I realized I was not looking at a craft at extreme altitude represented by a single point of light but rather a triangular craft that had a light on the front and was pointing toward me, perhaps with the nose angled up somewhat, and that this made the 2 lights at what I took to be the back of the craft sometimes visible to me and sometimes not from my vantage point in my yard. This craft was really close to my house in a very densely populated area so I was surprised that it would just sit there.

But sit there it did, for at least 90 more minutes. I put my son to bed and went back outside to watch it and took some audio notes I recorded then attempted to take video and photos with my cellphone then video and photos with my 10 MP point and shoot camera. Given how dark it was I ended up going and getting a tripod and mounting the point and shoot to take long night mode exposures as otherwise I knew with the equipment I had on hand there would be nothing visible in the images at all. I will not attach the images here as even after cleaning up on my computer this object is barely visible due to the black on black and dim lighting. If MUFON wants the images they can contact me and maybe they will have some tricks I don't to bring out more detail, but as I know where to look in the photos I can still see the outline of the craft in them.

The motion of the craft was a hovering, at times nearly motionless, at others sort of what I can only describe as sloppy. The craft was utterly silent. Based on a visual observation of an occasional faint purple-blue/black plasma like haze misting over the bottom and edges of the craft, I had the impression it was airborne via some type of field it generated. This was enhanced by the strange manner in which it hovered which was unlike a helicopter and more akin to a blimp but clearly not a blimp either. The craft at times seemed to struggle to stay in one place as if it were balancing on top of a sphere and occasionally lost it's balance and had to hustle to get back to the perfect center. This gave me the impression that whoever the pilot was was an amateur. Strange, I know-I expected to assume that the craft was other worldly but my impression was that it was man-made with technology we haven't yet mastered based on what I witnessed in the motion of this craft which was far less precise than what I would have imagined would be the result of an extra-terrestrial race's efforts but maybe I assume too much. At times the movement seemed like a kite on a string in the wind or perhaps a bobbing balloon. It just sat there in the sky while I watched and I had the impression it was up there to watch the meteor shower too (another strange impression that made me think it was piloted by a human). The object was able to move in any direction with equal ease it seemed. At times it tilted, raised, lowered, scooted forward, scooted straight backwards, all with equal but imperfect dexterity. At one point it seemed to move a bit out of the way of a passing plane which made me wonder what the pilot of the plane thought or if they saw it at all. 90 minutes after I started watching it almost exactly at midnight cloud cover rolled in and obscured my view of it and since I had to be up early the next morning I went to bed. I did not witness it's arrival or departure and it stayed in a very small area in the sky throughout my period of observation.

Other details of the appearance of this craft include that the triangle was not 3 even sides. It was a rather sharp triangle like a slice of pizza (though not curved in what I assume is the aft part of the craft). It lacked a central light or lights around the edges. Only the light in front and the dimmer lights in the rear. I saw 2 lights in the rear portion at most times but occasionally the nose would tip up enough that I had the suggestion of perhaps more lights on the back as well that perhaps I could have seen from another angle. It was matte black on all visible portions as far as I could tell but the craft was at some distance from me which I will try and give details about below. It seemed to be thin from top to bottom which gave it a nearly 2 dimensional quality, like a puppeteer had a paper plane on strings from above. While watching this object I went on the MUFON site and noted another report of the object I was witnessing from my area earlier the same night with the only difference being 5 lights in the back while traveling. I suspect I witnessed the same craft or one identical to it, as to why it essentially parked over my house I have no idea except as I noted above.

I live in a busy air travel corridor and many aircraft were in the vicinity of this object and most seemed to be flying below it, which was one clue to the object's altitude. Another was the fact that the clouds obscured it when they rolled in, so if someone had data on the altitude of those clouds we could say it was at least that high up. Similarly, with how long it was there, somebody had to have radar hits on this thing. There are many local airports both GA and commercial in my area and the airspace is tightly controlled. I suspect it would not be too difficult to get radar data for the area at the time if you knew the right people. I don't. But I witnessed both airplanes and clouds under it so it was fairly high up. 

The object's size is tough to say, except that it was clearly quite large given how high up it must have been. I have some photos with my roofline that could be used to judge scale if nobody can find radar data on this thing. With my arm outstretched and thumb extended looking along my arm to it, it went from the tip of my thumb past the first knuckle somewhat. It sounds cliche but it could have been as long as a football field. 

In my excitement when I first was noticing the object I started looking around to see if there were more since it was essentially hiding in plain view in the sky. Of course I connected all possible stars into triangles and thought I may have noted others but quickly realized I could confirm only 1 craft was present. However, I am absolutely certain of what I saw. I watched it nonstop except to put my son to bed and grab camera equipment in my home for about 90 minutes total until the clouds rolled in. It was a physically present object that occluded stars when it moved in front of them and was itself occluded by things passing underneath. 

It moved in ways utterly unlike any aircraft I am aware of and it was too high in altitude and too large to be an object tethered to the ground. It seemed to be on some type of slippery surface that it had to balance on just right to hover motionless or else sudden clumsy adjustments had to be made to maintain its position, and it seemed to bob a bit like a cork on the ocean. It is an experience I will certainly never forget and I would be willing to discuss it with MUFON investigators if they were so inclined. Otherwise I hope this detailed description helps somebody get to the bottom of what this thing was. 

There are many things I am certain it wasn't. It is to me in the truest sense of the term unidentified. A Google search of photos of black triangle aircraft seemed to demonstrate that what I saw was less common than many other descriptions/photos out there but it has been seen before. 

I am not sure what significance this has but what will last with me is how this thing was nearly cloaked over my house for such a long period of time motionless in the sky and I could have so easily overlooked it, yet once I saw where it was it seemed like such a bad place for it to be if it wanted to remain hidden or discreet or specifically wanted to avoid being seen by eyewitnesses. It was almost as if it was trying to see how many people would take note if it sat there for hours... or maybe it's pilot just didn't care either way at all. I will certainly study the nightly stars much closer from now on as for all I know this could have been there every night and I might never have noticed it. But now that I know what to look for I suspect I could pick it up more quickly and will file another report if I am lucky enough to spot it again.
