{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1942-02-24 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5292381.json","updb_database_id":5292381}
During a Blackout in WWII an object larger than our two story beach house hovered before our front windows filling with light from round port windows.

Your question for 'Date of Event' only allowed me to go back to 1970 for a actual sighting date, so I had to put in an incorrect date of 1970 in order for my story to be accepted by this questionnaire. The actual date is some time around February of 1942.

In approximately February 1942 when I was 7 years old, my mother, my grandmother, my older brother and I heard the sirens go off for a "Blackout". That meant everyone in the town had to turn their lights off because of a potential threat. The siren usually lasted only a few minutes. This wasn't uncommon in Ventura during WWII. We turned our lights off and went to the sun porch that was all big windows and was the full length of the house. We always did this during a blackout to see if we could spot a Japanese submarine or plane offshore. 

At about 9pm as we were all looking out the windows an object came into view hovering over the water moving slowly up the coast toward Santa Barbara. Our two story historic home was the first home on the sand at the beach, at the end of Palm Street. The sun porch windows were approximately 15 feet high from where the sand was and faced the ocean.

We could not make out the shape because it was so large and so close to our house and it filled all the windows with brightest of light. I can't say that it hummed or wined, but we could feel it like a vibration. The house did not shake that I can remember. 

We all observed it hovering slowly past our windows and it continued on its path up the coast. It felt like it took forever, like slow motion, but in reality it was probably only seconds. About an hour later we heard the siren sound to tell us to turn our lights back on. 

At the time, and even now I do not know of anything that had that type of capability, size and lack of an engine sound. Also, at that time the Ventura Fairgrounds up the beach from us was used as an Army military post but did not have planes, aircraft, or a runways.

My grandmother said don't you ever say anything about this to anyone because they will call you crazy and take you away from us and put you in the local insane asylum. I was scared of the object but I was more scared of what my grandmother told me!

The next day and for years after no one talked about it including us for fear it was something real and scary to be afraid of, or to avoid being called a crazy person. People didn't talk about weird things like that in those days. 

The night of February 23, 1942 there was shelling on the coast of Santa Barbara, near us about 20 miles up the coast. Everyone at the time was afraid of the Japanese subs off of our coast. I believe this was the timeframe we saw this object because we were all afraid after Pearl Harbor was attacked in December of 1941 and then Santa Barbara was shelled on February 23, 1942.

The house and the street is no longer there as the area was changed when the 101 Ventura Fwy went through in 1963. Now the area has a boardwalk on the beach.

My family has always been interested in our story especially my daughter who encouraged me to contact you after reading about the Battle of Los Angeles which took place on February 24-25, 1942. We wondered if there is some connection between the two. 

What I also thought was strange is that years later in 1952 my older brother Leon who was present with us at the time of this sighting, was in the Air Force and working at the Pentagon. He and his commanding officer got a hop to San Diego where the commanding officer lived. His CO let my brother use his car to come and see us in Ventura. While he was driving on the 101 highway (now the 101 fwy) by El Toro Marine Base, he saw a low flying object to the right towards the base and it was pacing him. It continued pacing him close enough to where he could clearly see it was a flying disc. After a bit, he felt deathly sick at his stomach and had to pull over. The disc continued going. The area is very flat with low lying mountains and very few obstructions to spoil his view of the object. I thought it was interesting that he was lucky enough to see two UFO's in his lifetime! 

I am now 85 years young and happy to finally tell our story to those who find it as interesting as it has been for us. Hopefully one day we will learn what it really was.

Thank you, [ Item Moved to F I Report {tjd} ]
