{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-10 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5504381.json","updb_database_id":5504381}
{nd} reptile bird like creature with wings and feathers

I was at my boyfriend's apartment and we were leaving his apartment to get in my parked car that was in the alley next to his building. We were sitting in the car listening to music and talking with the sun roof open. So then we started to look up at the stars and we both seen about 10 or so black flying helicopters or something flying in a V like shape. The black flying objects kind of looked like birds because they were small but they were moving too fast and it was about 10pm at night to be birds. So then the black objects flew off into the distance. So we both got out off of the car to get a better look at the sky and that is when I saw a reptile bird like creature with feathers and wings. And I knew that is was a bird because I could see the wings flapping like a bird but also the feathers were blowing in the wind. The creature was like a pterodactyls because it was huge and it look like a mix of reptile and a bird. I only seen the bird for less then a minute and it flew off behind the apartment building. The weird thing about these sighting are that I also seen another flying object at the same location. But it was about a year earlier. I seen the other flying object in the same way around the same time in the car in the alley next to the new carver apartments in downtown los angeles. This flying object was different from the black objects and the bird like creature. It was brown moving in a waving motion or moving like a snake in the sky. It was also like a hover craft because it looked like it was floating in the sky. Once my boyfriend and I saw this object it shape-shifted into the color of the sky. And we both could feel the energy of the flying object it was almost like the flying object knew we were looking at it. But we could still see it in its cloud form. After less that a min of looking at it somehow we lost sight of it.
