{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-17 20:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5492381.json","updb_database_id":5492381}
{rjl} UFO invisible unless a red light from a tow truck propeller shined on it. Golden Gate Bridge location.

I've seen many UFO shapes in No CA since I was a child. But I want to report this one due
to the it being visible and then invisible depending on a light flashing on it. 

This occurred about 14 years ago (although I've seen others in more recent years including 
a couple of years (2013) ago and also about 4 years ago) 

I was driving north over the Golden Gate Bridge and as I was nearing the north end of
the bridge I could see an object against the rocky hill close to the Waldo Grade Tunnel.
As you come off the road and onto pavement, there was a middle section where 
Tow Trucks and other emergency vehicles can park. Traffic moves on both sides
to this lane. The Tow Truck had it's propeller turning and the propeller had red
lights. The UFO ONLY APPEARED WHEN THE RED LIGHT SHINNED ON IT. 
WHEN THE LIGHT WAS OFF OF IT, THE UFO WAS INVISIBLE!  As the propeller
turned and the red light shinned on it, I could see the UFS for a few seconds
at a time. Since I was traveling toward it, I had a very limited time to see it.
It was disc shaped and had at least 3 levels and each level was smaller than
the previous one. There is a similar illustration on Shutterstock. It's Image ID is
70711765. However this image is still not accurate. I did question if what I was
seeing was real and if I was really looking at rocks in a UFO shape against the
hill. I've looked at this hill many time and I've never seen any rock formation
that could look like what I saw. 

I AM DOCUMENTING THIS SIGHTING OVER ALL OTHERS BECAUSE YOU CAN
USE A RED LIGHT TO VIEW AN OTHERWISE INVISIBLE UFO. At least I was 
able to. It's worth investigating and installing on US Aircraft that might be
called to investigate a live sighting. 

Locations where I've seen other UFOs include: Napa, Novato (over area called
"Black Point" which is all flat land, Larkspur near the Larkspur Landing 
Ferry Terminal, Lagunitas in the country, etc. I've seen all different shapes
and lights. When I was a child I questioned if I was being spied on by UFOs
because I would wake up in terror inside my bedroom and felt like something
was inside. This was during a time when I was seeing UFOs in the sky. This
was many years ago where there were only a few wineries in Napa. There
were many orchards around with fruit trees until the technology was available
to put vineyards on hills. All of my sightings were in No California.  I reported
many to the police but not all of them. Many sightings were when we didn't
have cell phones.
