{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-27 22:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5464381.json","updb_database_id":5464381}
{rjl} the aircraft passed over head very slow and then it took off extremely fast.

I was at my Mom and Dads house. They live on the outskirts of town in farm country. I was at the house by myself and I was standing in the kitchen looking out the back window into the woods and I started to see different color lights at the bottom of the tree line. There is nothing behind there house for over a mile. The next night it was the same thing about the same time. The next day I went to the wood line to see what I could see and the lights had to be from across the hill so I walked over there and found the hay field grasses was swirled, flattened, and missing. So I walked around the edge of the field and I could hear something moving that sounded like a squirrel, rabbit, or chip monk or something that would shuffle its feet kind of a sound. The sound followed me around the field and if I would walk towards the sound it would go the opposite way. Then once I would walk away from it, the sound would once again follow me again. The sound seemed to have gotten about 5 feet from me in the clearing and I couldn't see anything at all. Then I sat there for about ten minutes it seemed like but when I got back to the house my dad said I had missed dinner but I left the house before breakfast. I was gone all day and I don't know how that was real but then the next night I went for a walk down the road and then when I returned home, that is when I seen the aircraft coming from the direction of the field where I heard the sounds. The aircraft had to be 125-150 feet triangular. Completely silent but put off some kind of a vibration low frequency hum that was kind of like the air pressure got thicker, then the aircraft passed over and the air seemed to be very light and clear. I have been hearing and seeing things for years and many of my family that I have been with has seen things they couldn't explain.
