{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-22 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104191","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5457381.json","updb_database_id":5457381}
{tjd} VERY dark matte black unmarked aircraft

Hi, I never believed in UFO sightings until a Wednesday morning, 10:30 a.m. in late May 2019. I need to speak with someone about this because I need answers. It has been keeping me up at night. On this morning, I was driving south on route 109 towards my parent’s house. I was driving alone. I am passing the old dance hall on my right hand side and on my left hand side there is a field with homes that were built 10-15 years ago. I looked exactly 90 degrees to my left while driving 25-30 miles per hour. Right in front of me I saw (4) aircraft, very slowly flying over the field in the opposite direction in diamond formation. The aircraft were really traveling in kite formation, the last one was trailing slightly behind the others. They were the size of a 3 car garage perhaps, and they were moving 10 miles per hour max. The aircraft were shaped like an f/18 hornet or superhornet. None of them were armed but they were unmarked. They were the blackest black I have ever seen, and I work with all colors for a living. They were matte also, no shiny finish. There were no markings on any of the aircraft, which was alarming to me because every photo that I’ve ever seen of these has some military symbol or number on them. Also what was alarming was they didn’t shift from one another at all, as if they were grouped together somehow in motion. I cracked my window a little to see if I could hear them and I heard nothing from these four aircraft. They were not emitting anything either. Where I was driving is on a fairly high ridge for the area which can view as far northwest as Shanendoah, NY. I felt like I was being observed. I don’t how to describe it, but it was a feeling that I got similar to when you know someone is looking at you but it was much more prominent at this time and it instantly made me fearful. I didn’t stop because I was on a main road and was almost at my destination, and to be looking exactly 90 degrees to my left for 20 seconds or more I felt like it was becoming dangerous and I was also frightened by the intensity of the sighting. Why were they so close to these homes and the tree tops as well as with one another (250ft. Max. in the air)? I need answers and I need to speak with someone as soon as possible about this with knowledge of aircraft. These absolutely were not drones, they were too large and truly resembled an f/18 hornet. They were not landing and looked like they were either hovering or moving very slowly, all the same exact speed. Do we really have aircraft this advanced? Someone please talk to me. Call me or email me. I can sketch an accurate portrayal of my sighting per request.
