{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-28 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5494381.json","updb_database_id":5494381}
{dr}Star like orange light appeareared and got brighter. I waved to it and some sound was projected flying over my head

Camping just outside of Warm Springs recreation area,5 miles from Anaconda,Mt alone I set up my new camera and tripod. I camp at least 4 times a week and see unexplained lights every night now. So often I bought the camera to document their appearances. I soon realized I was being surrounded by coyotes, as they circled me and cackled. They always make me nervous alone, so I put the tripod back in the car and grabbed my bear spray. I picked up a large stick and smacked it against a tree three times, so hard the last one broke the stick and the sound reverberated up and down the mountain valley. The coyotes continued their encroachment so I started making lots of noise and howling at them. Around 10 pm with the dogs still bothering me, I looked out in the western sky and a star like light that was orange appeared to be traversing nw and it got bright orange and faded out. Excited as always, I waved and said "Hi guys", like I always do, sometimes the light blinks in response but this time a sound, like and electronic pulsating force invisible force was headed directly at me. It came over my head and I ducked in primal fear, I can't really describe the wicked way it sounded, it sent fear from the bottom of my spine to my brain, adrenal glands dumping fully. I was dumbfounded at the sound that just flew over my head. I ran in a small circle and tried to open my car but fear made my hands weak and dumb feeling, I couldn't open the hatch! Feeling watched I spun around in the direction of the moving star and exclaimed "was that you guys?" and there was a flash of orange that sent my hairs erect and my heart pounded in my throat! The star like light ten went slowly left then right and I clenched my bear spray, feeling very exposed and very alone. I watched that light in silence, with the dogs cackling again, when the sound had come they fell dead silent. I watched the light move back and forth for a half hour then retired to my car and watched the light from inside for another half hour before I fell asleep. I have never had such a personal experience. I am humbled, but I am going back for more documentations and will list all new experiences here.
