{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-03 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282381","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121074","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/381/mufon-5282381.json","updb_database_id":5282381}
A cluster of both stationary and moving lights that went from as many to 7 to none at different points over the course of 45 minutes of observation

My wife, 3 children and I were traveling SE on Peachtree Industrial Blvd in the Suwanee, GA area at approximately 7:30 PM on 3/3/22. It was a completely clear evening with no clouds. We noticed a large red light in the sky at about 500ift up in altitude n front of us and apparently several miles away. Over the course of a few minutes several more appeared, with all of them seemingly just appearing. Several maneuvered together and at least two seemed to head in both southerly and northern directions, with the remaining cluster staying in view as they faded in and out of existence. 

These were NOT blinking or pulsating lights; they seemed shaped as orbs with steady lights that would just disappear and reappear periodically. We took several photos from within the car of this initial period of the sighting. We made our way to a higher elevation with a clean line of sight and recorded video and took more photos. 

We never saw 7 again, but we did see as many as 5 and at one point all seemed to disappear before 2 - 3 reappeared. There appeared to be a larger, reddish light that was visible most of the 45 minutes of the sighting (although it disappeared briefly at one point as well), with smaller white globes appearing, disappearing, and moving in close proximity in the sky. 

At several points we noticed normal aircraft in the area as well; I find it difficult to believe no pilots saw this phenomenon.   

Living in Atlanta we are very familiar with all manner of aircraft in the sky at any given time: commercial, military, private, helicopters and drones. These objects did not look or behave like any traditional aircraft.
