{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-08-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64078","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5495364.json","updb_database_id":5495364}
{cak} starlike above atmosphere ascending, stopping, moving, changing direction, leaving

This happened in about 1965 or 1966. I reported it also on the Alex Bennett talk radio show in about 1970. I was ridiculed and asked by the host if I was on pot at the time. That was the last time I told this event to a large group.
  I was about 15 or 16 years old at the time so my eyes were very good.I became a private pilot a few years later, so I have a scientific interest. I was standing on the side of our public school waiting for my buddy to finish saying good night to his girlfriend. He was around the corner of the building a few feet away while I waited for him.
  While looking at the starlit sky, I noticed that one of the stars started to move, relative to a telephone pole across the street. The star like object seemed like it was above the atmosphere. It moved straight north about 1/2 the distance of the telephone pole and then stopped for a second. Then it moved again about a foot, based on a ruler held at arms length. Then it stopped again. Then it moved northeast about another foot, based on a ruler as a guide. Then it moved to the right about a foot at arms length,before stopping. Then it moved north again so that it was now about 60 degrees from the horizontal. As it stopped, it began to get dimmer and dimmer. I could see that this "star" was wavering or spinning a little before it finally diminished so that it could no longer be seen. It appeared to leave the area and the sun's reflection seemed to be the source of it's illumination. I've never seen a satellite move in any direction other than in a straight line. We didn't have sophisticated satellites back then, as far as I know, that would change direction and leave the Earth's area. I brought this to the attention of my buddy, who was too busy kissing his girlfriend goodnight, but he does recall seeing something like what I described. To this day, I can not explain what I saw. If there is a reasonable explanation for this, and you have similar reports, I'd like to know what I saw. To this day, I'm still mystified.
