{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-19 12:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5548364.json","updb_database_id":5548364}
Disc Hovered Near Surry Power Station

At about 12:20 pm, 19 May 2008, I observed what appeared to be a large, metallic disk hovering very near the Surry Nuclear Power Station. (This is a little more than hour from the time of this writing, so the memory is still fresh and vivid).

I was on my bicycle riding east on the Colonial Parkway when I spotted an object over the James River, moving from east to west at a very slow speed. At first I thought it may have been a kite because it was a very windy day (the winds were gusting out of the SW at 20-30mph) and people do come out and fly their kites from the beaches when the winds are good. But when I came to an open spot in the road unobstructed by trees I stopped to get a better look and decided it was much too large to be a kite. It is a about a mile across the channel to the Surry Station and what I saw appeared to be just over the beach, but near the station1s twin domes. Using them as a reference point it must have been at least as large as they are, and perhaps larger. The object was moving very slowly against the wind, left to right from my vantage point, when its upper surface caught the sunlight it reflected like a sheet of aluminum foil. Its underside was dark. I thought that it might be an advertising balloon or dirigible, but the shape did not seem right. This was definitely a flattened disk. And, because it was so windy it did not seem like a day to take a blimp up. (And, with security so high these days it does not seem logical that anyone would be permitted to fly that close to a nuclear power station. I have seen military helicopters on training missions over the river, but even they keep their distance from the power plant.)

I have eliminated helicopters and small aircraft because, as I say, this object was hovering/drifting and appeared to be making a very leisurely circuit of the power plant. I walked down to water1s edge to see if I could get a better look, but without binoculars I couldn1t make out any other useful details. I watched it for a good 15-20 minutes. In that time it had moved around the station, going against the wind the whole time.

Unable to see anything ales, I decided to hurry home, grab my binoculars and camera to see if I might get a better look. It took me about ten minutes to get home and another fifteen to get back on the Parkway by car. But, by the time I returned the object had gone. I drove a few miles down the Parkway hoping that it might have drifted elsewhere, but the sky was empty except for a few clouds. Now, I wish I had stayed until it left. It would have been interesting to see which way it went.
