{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-15 23:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5474364.json","updb_database_id":5474364}
{cak} Path was not concurrent with what we presumed a satellite. Continued to watch acceleration intervals then object took 90 degree nosedive.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
Stepped outside for a cigarette in my backyard. My husband joined me.

2. What made you first notice the object?
Bright sky, late night, not so much light pollution from recent fires, hoping to see end of Perseid showers.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
Presumed it was a satellite.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
It was the right size and glimmer of a satellite to the naked eye, but the path wasn't the typical smooth route. It seemed "wobbly" and there weren't clouds or smoke to give it the illusion of erratic movement. As such, I pointed it out to my husband who watched it with me. His distance vision is impaired, but mine is not. We watched the object and my husband agreed that it wasn't a satellite or a high altitude plane. After approx 30 more seconds of observing the whitish blue glowing dot, it took an abrupt 90 degree drop, as though it was a rock falling off a ledge and it was no longer visible which is odd because the horizon was black and the ocean is the only element in the distance. It could not have disappeared behind a mountain or building. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
I was elated and confident that I'd seen an object that was operated by a source of intelligence and not a fluke of nature or environmental circumstances. When I spot the space station or a satellite or another high altitude craft, I tend to tick the moment off in my mind as "not a UFO". The moments that have left me with "I don't know" are far and few between. I can go years without seeing something inexplicable. When it does happen? Those are great moments. They have a different effect on my senses. I'm left with a sense of wonder and awe. Maybe even gratitude?

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
It disappeared in the middle of the descent. It did not "fade" away. It was there, and then it was not.
