{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5530364.json","updb_database_id":5530364}
Saw object flying west to east, stop for few seconds, then change direction and fly out.

I was out on my balcony skywatching,as now that I am retired, I tend to be a bit of night person. It was an exceptionally clear night, quite windy, and any clouds were quickly blown away. My balcony faces north. I was looking at a group of stars almost directly above, but slightly north. I was using a set of high powered field glasses/ binoculars.
I noticed a silver disc shaped object move away from the star cluster and fly for a short bit going east. It then stopped, and sat still for a few seconds after which it changed direction by about 45 degrees and headed in a mostly north/north east direction. I thought, at first,that it may be a satellite, but realized quickly that they do not stop, change direction or leave orbit. When I moved the field glasses away from my eyes I could not see it, so it was far enough out that it could only be seen with them. After several seconds it flew out of sight, straight out. I felt as though it was 'scouting' or searching for something.
At this point I must tell you that this is not the first time I have seen a 'UFO'. I am sixty years old now, and have had several of these encounters, the first one being when I was 15 years old. The subsequent ones were incidents where the crafts got so close that I could easily see the shape, size, lights, etc. I must say, however, that at no point did I feel uneasy or scared. Quite the opposite, in fact. I do have them logged, but sadly, only as as afterthought, so the specific time and date were only as close as I could remember.Luckily, I do remember what I was doing each time, so the dates are fairly close to the actual. I must add that every time I always had another witness with me, but not the same one for every incident. I would welcome any queries, as I have never before made any official reports. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
