{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5511364.json","updb_database_id":5511364}
{nd} Solid equilateral triangle with star-like light on each of three tips.

This happened on a fairly warm, very clear night just outside my home around midnight. My friend and I were outside, laying face up on my paved driveway, talking and idly stargazing. Id like to note that wed been focused only on the area of the sky directly above us this whole time. About 15 minutes pass before I notice what I believe to be three stars. All of them are subtly brighter than the other stars in the sky, and even more striking is that theyre perfectly arranged in an equilateral triangle. At this point Ive been looking at it for approximately 45 seconds and have no reason to believe Im not simply looking at stars, but I decide its interesting enough that I point it out to my friend. I believe I said "Look at that perfect triangle of bright stars" while pointing. As soon as I complete my sentence, the triangle formation begins to spin slowly. We both sit up. The triangles spinning increases in speed, though it never gets incredibly fast. Were both saying things like "Oh my God," and "What is it?" This goes on for perhaps 15 seconds. Then it flashes, like a giant camera. The flash doesnt illuminate the sky the way lightning does--it seemed to flash "on" us specifically. I feel that this is an intentional acknowledgement that it knows weve seen it. Whether it was meant as a positive, negative, or neutral gesture, I cant say. Within 2 seconds of the flash, it begins to travel along a northwest path. This is where I can confirm that its a solid craft because it blocks view of the stars as it moves. Its slow at first but rapidly gains speed. Its moving faster than a commercial airliner but not faster than a stealth aircraft. We begin to chase it, both of us felt a kind of happy awe at what were seeing. Were laughing and panting as we follow it, but it quickly disappears into the distant horizon. Half-serious, I yell "come back!" in its direction. We both express some version of "no one is going to believe this." Never saw it since.
