{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-02-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5505364.json","updb_database_id":5505364}
{cak} Bright star-like object that zigged-zagged and zoomed in so it was oval and the size of a fist at arms length and then disappeared to the west.

Date & Time: Approx 2 a.m. on 1st Saturday in February 1967 (Feb 4th) the two of us who were and are still good friends were out for a walk on a snow covered country road just north of a dairy farm. Weather: Crystal clear skies, temperature approximately mid 20s with a light wind. Location of Viewing: Approx. 900 feet south of the junction of Tommy Thurber Lane and Bullet Hole Road (currently named Holmes Road) in Brewster, NY in Putnam County. Orientation of Sighting: Facing south and looking up at not quite a 45-degree angle. Mars was in the east-southeast and Jupiter was in the south-southwest not too far west of the object which initially appeared as a twinkling bright star with a bluish-white hue almost as bright as Jupiter. Object initially appeared to be an exceptionally bright, large star in what was a crystal clear winter night sky. Object than did a zig-zag laterally along a slight arc or saddle which got our attention immediately. It then began to get bigger and zigged vertically up-and-down a distance about twice the diameter of the object. It then got noticeably bigger and seemed to zoom in towards the two of us (ages 17 and 18). This spooked us (we felt as if the object knew that we were there on the road) as it now winked and blinked at a low frequency and would get closer and larger with each wink until it was approximately the size of a closed fist at arm1s length and now oval in shape. The two of us then took off running up the snow covered dirt road to my parents home and woke up my brother who was just out of the Air Force. We lost sight of the object as it zipped away at high speed to the west. Duration of sighting was not more than five minutes total to the time it disappeared off to the west. There was no noise of an engine. Note that this was before I-84 had been built which now runs just to the west of what was then Bullet Hole Road and is now named Holmes Road.
