{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1959-10-09 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68204","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5491364.json","updb_database_id":5491364}
{cak} I looked up and saw several lights of different colors and they were hovering and wandering.

It was a warm early fall evening and I went outside to see if there were any fireflies that night. I saw maybe two in the cedar trees, certainly nothing like the spring of that year when there were thousands of them that appeared every night for almost a week.. What a delightful and awesome sight to see all those fireflies coming out like that. The county agent said that there were several swarms of fireflies during the same time in several locations around town and the county. My dad was City Manager at the time and knew all the county officials. 
On this particular night, when nothing seemed to be happening and the small town was getting sleepy, I strolled through our yard looking at the stars (which was something I always loved to do when I was younger). I had thought of getting my telescope out that I had got for the previous Christmas but it was too late and just settled for looking at the stars. After several minutes, I noticed a string of multi-colored lights moving from the NW towards my location. When they got directly overhead, they stopped. They moved out of position and began to wander as if they were looking for something. They went back and forth and just wandered over the area for several minutes. I had gone inside to tell my dad knowing he would be interested in this since he's the City Manager. He came out immediately and my mother came too to see "these strange lights that were wandering around the sky". My mother exclaimed, 'Oh my gosh, what is that?' and my dad replied, 'I have no idea dear, I don't know what this or these things are'. At that time, several of our neighbors had also come out to witness the colored lights. After about 15 minutes of wandering around in the sky right over us, They suddenly came together very slowly and formed a tight circle and hovered there in place. After less than a minute, a bright white object came towards the circle of glowing orbs and it also came from the NW. As it approached the circle, they slightly parted as if to let the white light in, and there it came to a stop in the middle of the circle of multi-colored lights. Slowly, the colored light circle began to turn as if in a carnival ride. Now this was getting frightening. After about 15 seconds of the circle turning, the colored lights began to peel off of the circle. I believe the first one to leave the circle was a blue one. As it broke the circle, it headed to the SW and the rest of the colored lights also peeled off and followed the first one in a straight line. After they had traveled slowly towards the SW for 15 seconds, the bright white light left behind also joined the line as the line headed straight SW. We all watched until the lights were out of eyesight. I unknowingly had walked backwards down our street about a half block before I had realized where I was. The neighbors all congregated in our yard and discussed the incident. My dad assured them he would check it out and let them all know something. He never heard a word from anyone he contacted and that was the end of the ordeal unfortunately.
