{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71281","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5488364.json","updb_database_id":5488364}
{nd} To see not just one but 2 possible UFO

I was in Stockton, CA. With some others and 3 of us were standing by the dark lit street when one friend said he was going to go in to use the bathroom and the other person went to get some water and was going to bring me some upon return and just after they had went in, something caught my eye in the night sky. What I saw were 2 round objects that were not horizontal, but on edge spinning counter clockwise and the colors that were being put off were creating a strange pattern kinda like when you spin a bicycle wheel and it creates a pattern that was consistent and the color(s) was red and black. The black may have been the night sky behind whatever the 2 objects were that I was watching. After maybe 30 seconds, I pulled out my new Galexcy s5, hit the camera icon and then hit the video icon and I began to describe what I was seeing. I wasn't sure if it was filming or not, but I was talking out loud and just holding the phone at the angle I thought would catch these objects. Both objects were slowly moving across the night sky heading in an easterly direction, zig zagging back and forth around eachother and then the stopped and hovered for a moment then the objects resumed there path easterly continuing to zig zag, go up and down back and fourth in ways far beyond our technology. They then we're beginning to get farther away when all of a sudden they both made a hard right as to avoid hitting something and out from behind them came a satellite going north. It's like they had to turn to avoid hitting the satellite and they were now heading in a south easterly direction and disappeared into the distance. You can hear my audio from the phone recording, but I can't see the objects that I hoped to capture. These objects might be able to be seen with the right technology if someone knows how to either lighten up the video or look into the darkness of the video. I stopped filming just before they made an abrupt right turn as I was just in awe as to what I was seeing. I would have to say that I have not seen any technology or aircraft that we as humans may be able to create. These objects appeared to be pretty big and I really want to see what's in my video again as this was probably a once in a lifting experience.. I really hope MUFON can help me with this technology to find out what these objects are in my video.
