{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-21 02:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3275,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5483364.json","updb_database_id":5483364}
UFO appearance similar to 'a silver or grey plate with three white eggs on it' flew under and to the left of the ISS

I was looking at the HDEV on ISS at the above stated date/ time using my ipad 4. The object suddenly appeared from the far lower left of my screen and moved steadily ahead and to the lower left of the ISS which was showing the earths surface coming towards the camera at the time.

The object was rotating slowly clockwise horizontally at the same time as it was slowly 'overtaking' the ISS, all the while moving ahead on a straight path. It managed about three complete rotations prior to end of the sighting.

I saw it had three large white egg shaped additions that covered most of the upper surface of the anomolous flying object. These remained in position as if glued to the top and the whole object was rotating all together as one. I am not sure that the 'eggs' were all pointing outwards at the same angle though. One of them may have been more outwards and the other two halfway outwards 'in support' of a main one. You can judge yourselves from the images.

I was excited to see it and reacted quickly, pushing the little buttons from a cramped position slipping a little and thereby stuffing up my first attempt at image capture. I immediately precisely positioned my fingers on the minute ipad buttons and successfully managed to take the image attached just prior to NASA cutting off the signal. The whole event lasted 6-10 seconds at most.

I felt releived that I was successfull in getting evidence on this occasion because I had had a much better sighting previously which I could not capture due to me not knowing my ipad could capture images at that time! This was reported nevertheless (investigation#74568).

I have never seen an illustration of any satelite with this design but would be interested to know whether you may have. Obviousely, this is a factor that will need to be checked upon in order to eliminate it as a possibility. Space debris aswell..but. My feeling is that this object is so unique, so unlike anything I have seen before, even in UFO terms (in print or personal sightings) let alone human ones... I must entertain the distinct possibility that I may have captured an (another, please refer to report 74568) unusual extraterrestrial craft in close proximity to ISS.

I have attached the original image along with a close up of the anomolous object.

I await your conclusions with interest.

Yours Sincerely
(The Witness)
