{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-23 21:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481364","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/364/mufon-5481364.json","updb_database_id":5481364}
Morphing burning fireball craft, Vancouver,BC

While going out onto my roof for some air, I immediately took notice of an exceptionally brilliant, and vibrant red star to my right side, or directionally due NNE. At about 50 degrees elevation, it grew to a size that seemed to me to be travelling directly toward me at an incredible speed. It appeared to come to a stop, where it neither 'grew', nor shifted in any noticeable manner.
I had about 15 to 30 seconds, in which I stared at the object as it rhythmically pulsated an extremely vibrant, and intense red. Almost as if it was burning, yet it had more of the quality of light, only exceptionally brighter. It also had a vibrating, arythmic throbbing shiftiness accompanying the consistent pulsating.
At this time, it began its travel, in a straight line, to the Western skyline over what seemed like the Strathcona, Downtown Vancouver city center. I'd say it travelled 3-5 kilometres in half as many seconds. It then came too dead stop. Pausing for a split second, then shot up about 50-100 feet. While doing this movement, the glow steadily diminished....

At this time I ran inside, to my apartment, to grab my partner so she could witness is also. I knew that I shouldn't, I should've stayed, but my cameras were inside as well. I love need up grabbing my phone and ipad for cameras and ran outside...

At about 1-2 minutes later, I'm fiddling with turning these contraptions on while I'm watching the object top burning almost completely, and 'morph' into a flat, convex black shape, retaining some of the red, but weakly. 
The resulting 'object' shot off to the WSW for no more than 2 seconds and vanished, leaving no trace.

It was then that I heard a jet overheard racing towards the area, where it made 6-7 circles over the area where it vanished, before heading back east, over my head.

I never managed to capture any images; it all occurred far too fast, and if I was to stop for a second, I maybe missed crucial information.
