{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490694","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/694/mufon-5490694.json","updb_database_id":5490694}
seen while camping about 10 / 15 miles outside Northampton, also saw again outside Brighton.

The first sighting occurred while I was on one of my frequent camping travel trips around the UK, I had stopped on the back roads about 10 / 15 miles south-east of Northampton. While getting ready to go to bed,I was enjoying the beauty of the late night sky. It was then I noticed a strange grouping of lights, at first I only saw the three white lights. They were at about 30-40 degrees above the horizon and travelling in a northeasterly direction to my position, at about 75 - 100 feet in height. As the object moved I then then noticed it made increases in height and direction that just seemed to be bizarre. I was totally fascinated by what I was watching although at that time I had no fear of it at all. I watched as it rose in the sky, so it was now about 150 ish feet high, I took my torch and started to flash at it. To my complete surprised the object stopped dead where it was and just hung there motionless. It then headed straight at my location and it was now I began to feel uneasy and called myself every name under the sun for being so stupid. Before I had finished berating myself the object was on top of my location. Now I had a view of the object. It was a black triangular craft about 35 - 45 ft { in length on its 3 sides }, in each corner was a brilliant pure white light while in it's very centre it had one reddish orangey coloured light. It just floated there about 30 ft above me in complete silence, although the air felt like it was full of electrical energy { like during a massive thuthunderstorm }, this reddish orangey light had become a pure cylindrical beam which totally encompassed me. I still felt no fear although I don't know why, it was almost like I was being reassured that I wouldn't come to harm. The next thing I knew was watching the object head north for a few minutes before it shot upwards so fast that it had completely vanished from sight in seconds. As I was packing my camping gear on my bike at first light a black saloon car pulled into the lay-by. Two men walked over to me and asked me about what I saw, as I hadn't been able to tell anyone { I hadn't a mobile phone in 1991 } I felt uneasy but I had to tell someone, I thought they had seen it to. It was during my retelling of this event I became increasingly nervous and concerned about these men. They hadn't identified themselves or even introduced themselves yet hear I was telling them this fantastical story. I stopped and asked if they had seen something aswell, but to my complete horror and surprise I was now being told I hadn't seen anything and nothing had happened to me. The two men had made it very, very clear that the consequences of doing so would hurt those around me { my friends and family }. I have kept this to myself ever been to since as I totally believed they would do what they had threatened. I had another encounter with this object or one identical to it three yrs later outside Brighton in 1994,although the encounter was slightly different.
