{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465694","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/694/mufon-5465694.json","updb_database_id":5465694}
Saw tic-tac shaped black object hover. Videotaped it. While videotaping on my phone, a second object rose from below. The first object disappeared behind clouds. Second object flew slowly out of view behind a building.

I was on vacation in Medellin, Colombia this summer. I was on the second floor of a building and looked out the window. I am always looking at the sky. I saw a black oval/ tic-tac shaped object floating in the sky. It was difficult to judge the distance. I immediately got my Samsung S9+ smartphone and began video taping the object. The object simply hovered in place. The object was pitch black, but there was a glow outlining the object. After about four minutes, the object started to fade behind clouds that moved in front of it. The clouds were large and far away, but the clouds were in front of the object. This leads me to believe the object was relatively large given the distance it was viewable with the naked eye. Almost as soon as the first object was blocked by the clouds, I noticed a second object rise from below. In the video, you can see the second object rise before I actually noticed it with my eyesight. The second object was more of a diamond shape. It moved slowly upward and wobbled/pulsated as it slowly ascended. This object also had a glow around it. At times, the second object had a shimmer. At this point, due to the 5 min video duration limit on the phone I stopped recording momentarily. I then re-initiated the video recording of the second object. I continued to record the second object for an additional 3 minutes 26 seconds before it moved out of view behind an adjacent building.

I have the videos posted to youtube and I can provide that to you if requested.

For some reason, my copy of the second video is corrupted and won't play on a computer. It does play on my phone. when I try to transfer it from my phone to my computer, the 1.81 gb file on my phone will only transfer 446 Mb to my computer.

These objects appear to be remarkably similar to the craft captured by F-18 gun cameras and released by the Department of Defense in December of 2017.
