{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-31 02:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488694","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/694/mufon-5488694.json","updb_database_id":5488694}
too many to list. since i was 5 years of age. many encounters

Since moving to Bundaberg I have had the heaviest Draconian encounter ever. Bundaberg is an open Masonic town. I strongly believe my house which is still being rented in my name, though not for long, till January. Is a hive. I've heard them speak about a tunnel under my house, when I googled the town it was found to have many war tunnels underneath. I've had green flashing lights in my house, a small, under 1 ft alien run around my room. My children have all experienced them as well. When I look out my window, id see 4 tall beings in the empty house across the road. They were after my 3 year old daughter and me. Look this is just far too much to list here. Under and out of hypnosis I can provide everything. I just need an expert team here asap before the window of opportunity with the house being in my name closes. This will not disappoint you. You will be excited to see such high levels of bad alien activity. I've had experiences with both. Please contact me and talk to my kids and I. Id also like the draconian implants removed. I have many. Back of neck, feet, hands, eyes, arms, stomach. My kids have some but not as many. I was first abducted by memory at 5. Been paralysed many times. Had 3 shadows surrounding my bed at age 21, rape me and implant my ears, saying 'she knows too much'. These things have been after me since birth making my life extremely hard. I wish for all influences to be removed so that I may live a normal life without constantly being tracked and having my life turned upside down. Your help would be greatly appreciated, loved and welcomed. Much light and love and I really hope, desperately hope to hear from you soon. Oh and my Dad RIP was followed by a craft many times as well.
