{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-04-10 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496694","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62697","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/694/mufon-5496694.json","updb_database_id":5496694}
{cak} Triangle craft with whites lights on corners red light in center made no sound

I was driving my girlfriend and her 2 cousins to their house. I had drove this road many times before. We came around a curve where you could see their house about a quarter mile or less away. Across the street from their house we saw at that time just a light over the tree line at the top of a hill directly across from their house. We could see it the whole time from when we came around the curve. We got to their gravel road and pulled in I stopped and all 4 of us got out of the car. We stood there about 2 or 3 minutes trying to figure out what it was. It started moving toward us. I saw it was a triangle at that time. It glided down the tree line of the hill never making a sound. It flew about 30 feet above us and my car. Looking up I heard no noise and there was no wind coming off of it. The lights were bright but not overpowering. It was about 20 feet from point to point of the triangle. It had white lights on the corners and a red light in the center that was way less bright. It had what looked like metal ribs on the sides of it and it appeared to be only a couple of feet tall. It had weird looking symbols on the bottom, 3 of them. It moved slow. It kept moving until it flew across the road. It went over a cattle field up over another hill and went down over the other side.We watched it till it was out of sight. We jumped back into my car when the shock wore off and we were only about 200 feet from their house. We were all screaming what was that and freaking out. It seemed like it lasted a long time but it was only about 8 or 9 minutes from when we first saw it till it was out of sight. After that my car stereo never worked right again neither did the clock in my car. We told some people what we saw including my girlfriends aunt and uncle and everyone thought we were crazy, even though all 4 of us saw the exact same thing.
