{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-24 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512694","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45616","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/694/mufon-5512694.json","updb_database_id":5512694}
Caribbean Sighting of a Bright White UFO, Shot To Infinity, Lit up the Entire Sky.

I am a Navigation Officer in the Merchant Navy, at the time of the sighting I was training as a Cadet. It was a product tanker transporting fuel throughout the Caribbean, mostly the Lesser Antilles, where the UFO was spotted. We just left Antigua and was heading south to Trinidad, it was 02:00 UTC -4 and the 2nd Officer and I were on the bridge, the Captain and the 3rd Officer just left to get some sleep. So as usual the 2nd Officer and I made some coffee and sat down on the high chairs overlooking all the bridge equipment and looking out to sea, everything was quiet and perfectly normal. The 2nd Officer was sitting on the chair to the Port side and I was on the one to the Starboard side. The island of Guadeloupe was in the horizon as a dark shadow against the nights clear sky. Then Suddenly a Brilliant White Light appeared just off the bow of the vessel on the port side. It was approximately 300 ft away and 50 degrees high off the horizon. It was quite large about the size of a House. It appeared and almost instantly exploded out so Brightly it lit up the ENTIRE nights sky with Brilliant White Light. Then shot straight to infinity disappearing leaving an afterglow trail, like the afterglow of an incandescent light when its switched off. The entire event was under 10 seconds. I ran out the bridge wing door but everything was gone. I came back in and spoke to the 2nd Officer who was still fixed in his seat. Both of us said "What the Hell was that?". But later in the morning when the other Officers came back to the Bridge I told the story, the 2nd Officer played it down, like it was nothing. He told me after he didn't want to tell because people would think we were crazy. Ive carried this sighting myself. As an officer in the Merchant Navy you become very apt in distinguishing lights of different sources, and this was not a airplane, jet, helicopter, flares or anything identifiable. The strangest thing was, that it made NO SOUND. Not even when it exploded out......
