{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-10 19:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484694","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/694/mufon-5484694.json","updb_database_id":5484694}
{nd} Star-like light on dark part of moon during local TV broadcast

During our local Denver 7 ABC affiliate station news and weather broadcast this evening, they showed an awesome "live shot of the Moon" for perhaps 10 seconds. Their camera was good, and the thin crescent was dim enough that stars could be clearly seen in the background around the mostly dark moon. What caught my eye, and made me jump up and take a quick photo of my TV screen with my Turbo 2 smartphone, was a "star" that was obviously either on the Moon, or somewhere between the camera and the Moon. The light was steady, just like the stars, and did not move. It appeared exactly like a very bright pinpoint of light on the surface of the Moon would appear, and it was well away from the crescent, definitely away from any stray sunlight effects. I'll attach two photos. One is my original photo directly from my smartphone, for better analysis, although we really need the station's footage. The other is cropped so it's easier to see the light, which appeared at about the 1 o'clock position near the top edge of the moon, and definitely in from the edge of the Moon a ways. I reported what I'd seen to the Channel 7 news room and have not heard back from them yet. Perhaps a station engineer can verify the camera's integrity, perhaps I can acquire a copy of their footage. I'm working on it. I also checked immediately online to see if any real-time live images of the Moon are available, but to no avail so far. The time of the live image was 7:48 and 35 seconds Mountain Time. Perhaps there are images available from one or more observatories at this same time that could support or help debunk this light. I know my "sighting" is not that great, but with some connections to better lunar imaging sources, this might prove to be a very good TLP (transient lunar phenomenon). Also, I'd very much like to know, if anyone else saw it, how long it remained, when it first appeared, how it disappeared, and any other observational details. Thanks.
