{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-08 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549435","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/435/mufon-5549435.json","updb_database_id":5549435}
Motionless craft with triangular base and bright white lights hovered over Route 287; lights on bottom changed to green dots outlining the base

I was driving north on 287 between the Montville and Route 23 exits and was in the middle lane. It was a little after 8:30 at night. There were only a few cars on my side of the highway. None was immediately next to or before me. I saw a very, very bright ball of light in the sky ahead, over the highway. It appeared to be about a mile ahead when I noticed it. It was at the height a helicopter might fly. My first thought was that it didn't look right. The ball appeared to have two small wings coming out of the sides. It was bigger than a private plane. As I drove closer I kept expecting the ball to resolve into the shape of a plane. It did not, and I realized that the craft was stationary. As I drove near it, I saw that the base looked like a flat triangular surface, with the point facing toward me. The underside of the base was dotted with little lights. As I was driving under it, I looked up at it. The lights went out suddenly and then a new pattern of lights came on. These were little dots of light green lights along the underside of the base that outlined the triangular shape. There were also a few dots within the triangle. As I drove away I tried to look for the craft in my rear view mirror but could not see it. Within two or three minutes I turned off 287 onto Route 23 North, which runs perpendicular to 287 and is elevated above it. I looked down 287, at the direction from which I had come. There was nothing in the sky over the highway. I looked to the right and left of the highway and saw nothing in the sky there, either.
