{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-25 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288435","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114932","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/435/mufon-5288435.json","updb_database_id":5288435}
Plano Texas Bright lights high up in daylight. Balloons???

Was at Arbor Hills nature park in Plano Texas. Found a spot to lay down and watch the sky. Had brought my new Nikon binoculars to test out. While lying on my back looking straight up (my feet were pointed to the south) I noticed a tiny bright spot to the west, just a bit to the south. It was high, higher than the planes that were around me coming from DFW and Love field. It looked to be twice as high as a planes cruising altitude. It seemed small like a pinpoint of starlight, but if it was as high as it seemed it could have been the size of a single engine plane perhaps??? 
Grabbed my binoculars and was able to locate it. The object had 2 to 3 luminous areas that were extremely bright, lime green/gold/yellow in color. As it travelled to the east, northeast it seemed to wobble as it went along its path, like twisting to the right and then to the left. The "lights" got dim and brighter, sometimes instantly, sometimes over a few seconds. Couldnt tell if it had 2 or 3 sources of the light, but they were intense. Watched this for 2 to 3 minutes before it vanished over the tree line.
I gathered myself and laid back down and withing 5 minutes there was another directing overhead. This one seemed to not move, maybe it moved slightly to the north but not much. This one looked more blue/white and a single source of light. It seemed higher up, less defined. I watched this one for about 1.5 minutes and then i just lost it. It was gone. It definitely wasnt moving like the other one, it seemed still, but for some reason it was just gone.
I called my daughter to tell her, this was about 7:45-7:50pm. While on the phone I noticed a mylar balloon coming from the part, about twice as high as the tree tops. It was clearly a balloon, a "O" shape and rainbow colored. It traveled from S to N .
I almost want to say the other two were Mylar balloons, except they were soooo sooo much higher and the light was intense, but who knows. It was sunset so perhaps they were reflecting sunlight?
No idea but wanted to report. Hoping someone else saw this and can add more or clarify. Was too far to get pics with phone. Looked like two bright pinpoints to the naked eye, much different and higher than the nearby mylar "O" balloon
