{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-05 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488435","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71208","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/435/mufon-5488435.json","updb_database_id":5488435}
Looked like a small comet with a tail, flying around in different directions, at different speed, and flashing slowly, not like a fast flash of an airplane wing.

On Monday Oct 5th, 1015pm i witnessed a UFO flying over Bucks County, PA (Warminster)

I went outside for a cigarette, and I looked up just to look at the stars as i usually do, but especially tonight because it was a very clear night and we don't get too many of them here. 

I saw a slow flash in my peripheral vision coming from the Perseus constellation, and i turned my head but there was nothing there, so i turned back around and looked elsewhere, then my eye caught it again but it was gone by the time my head turned again, but this time i knew something was there so i kept looking, and then i saw it clearly. 

It looked like an orb, it flashes slowly, much slower than an airplane wing, and it was brighter than anything else up there (I always imagined that's what a supernova would look like from earth if i ever saw one) except this thing moved. 

It was very, very far away, i almost thought it was a satellite at first just reflecting light and it looked like that's where it was coming from, maybe even deep orbit because of how bright it was. But then it kept changing direction and i knew it was no satellite. 

I also know a lot about Astronomy and i have never seen any satellite reflect light like that.

It moved quick then slowed and disappeared, quick to slow in a different direction, then disappear again. It did that 5 times and I counted exactly 8 seconds in between the appearing and disappearing). It moved smooth though, almost like fish. 

It had a small tail, exactly like a comet, it looked like a very tiny comet, and when it moved smooth like that it looked like an angel flying around.. it lasted for about 45 seconds, then disappeared.
