{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-18 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498435","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/435/mufon-5498435.json","updb_database_id":5498435}
Like a fire ball in the air with stregth movements and lights

18.10.2014, 21:15h i was driving to my home and i saw in the sky a fire ball moving fast down... i thought was a comet in contact with the atemosphere and fallig down, i pay much atention cause i never saw one before so i was watching it. few seconds after the light was gone and i thought the comet was destroyed few seconds after i was surprised because the light cames back but this time was not moving like before it was the same light but i can not say it was hovered in the sky cause i was driving i had not so sure about the movement, and then the light was gone again. i went to my home and i told my mother and sister what i saw was not something normal and maybe i had the chance to watch a UFO with my own eyes. Some time later arround 23:30 i must to get my father, he was working, when we came back home i saw the same light... near us... in our direction it was not to high, i was excited and i said my father i saw it before maybe it's a UFO... my father didn't belive me he is a skeptical person.The light shout down again and we just could see litles lights red and blue blinking, i wanted to stop the car but i could not. My father opened the window of the car and he put the head out to take a look cause that thing passed over us. There were any noice... was not a plane was too close of us to be a plane there were any noice and there are no planes around this area. In the next day i spoke about this again to my family and my father said the shape of it was a circle shape. I'm gratefull because i saw something that not every persons can see everyday, for myself it's hard to belive but i saw it, THEY are WATCHING US. We just need to pay atention and have a a open mind to accept them existence. I thought was a good idea to share my OWN experience with a UFO sighting. Maybe can help a little bit to our mental evolution. Thank you
