{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-26 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504435","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/435/mufon-5504435.json","updb_database_id":5504435}
appeared rapidly from the north (on our left) and shot by quickly, but suddenly stopped just below the constellation Scorpio, backtracked a little ways, then began zig-zagging all around until it finally sped off to the south.

We just returned last night from a week stay in Cancun. We had an ocean front room,(facing the east) and left our balcony doors open each night to hear the surf. Our first night in Cancun, we went to bed early, tired from our travel from Ohio. We awoke about 3:45 am to see a beautiful crescent shape moon out our balcony, and a brilliant shining star called Altair above it. We use our iPad Skyguide app. to see what constellations are around, satellites, etc. At first, I thought I was watching a shooting star. It appeared rapidly from the north (on our left) and shot by quickly, but suddenly stopped just below the constellation Scorpio, backtracked a little ways, then began zig-zagging all around until it finally sped off to the south. Within moments another object, which had the same soft orange glow as the first, appeared from out of nowhere above us, stopped in mid-flight, changed course, and began to zig-zag before flying off. I tried to video and photograph using my iPad but they were so far they looked grainy on the screen, and were way too fast for me to follow. Another orb appeared as the first two, and shot off in an erratic manner. We were stunned at what we'd seen and sat on the wall of our balcony searching for more, when suddenly two appeared, flying in tandem, much closer to us than the others, and much slower. We could see these more clearly and they looked like they were orange, transparent orbs with whirling wings. They made no sound, and moved steadily along, then zipped off down the coast. They reminded me of two big dragonflies, sort of, but in a mechanical way. It was as if the first 3 were testing us, knowing we were watching, and then the last two came closer to show off a little. My boyfriend is a USAF veteran, and he said what we saw were definitely UFOs. They were not planes, satellites, drones, helicopters, searchlights, balloons or anything else. We were so excited and so amazed by what we've seen. We have told all the people who were on the trip with us, but no one else was up at that time so they missed it. It has made us both even more sure we are not alone in this vast universe! One of just many universes.
