{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482435","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/435/mufon-5482435.json","updb_database_id":5482435}
{nd} Silver, mirror-like disc seen slowly hovering from north to south at a pace of about 2-3 mph

I was fairly young when I witnessed this; probably about 7 years old. I remember the event very distinctly and what I did during/after the sighting. I believe I must have been on a break from school or it was a weekend, because this event occurred during the late morning. I should also mention that the weather was bright and sunny (I can't remember if there were any clouds or not).

The sighting occurred just outside my home. I was walking around my house, and had been walking from the kitchen area into the living room. There is a large window in the living room that looks out over a clearing where a small pond sits. I liked looking out at that part of the property, so I turned my head to look out at the pond. 

Just to be clear, the clearing is about 125 ft across and is surrounded by trees on all sides, save for the side my house is on. The treeline is probably about 55 or 60 ft tall ( with some variation).

When I looked out, I thought I had noticed something moving among the trees in the northern part of the clearing. I stopped and stared out towards it. 

I thought that it was a shiny, metallic balloon when I first saw it. It made no sound whatsoever- if I hadn't been walking by at that moment, I probably wouldn't have seen it. At first, it was hidden behind some trees, but it slowly started to come into better view out of the trees. I was viewing it at a distance of about 100 ft. It was fairly large, approximately 12 or 13 feet across, and about 4 feet tall. It hovered around 30 or 40 feet above the ground, and was slowly making its way south at a rate of about 2 or 3 mph. It was moving very slowly. The object itself looked like a flying saucer. I couldn't see the bottom of it, as it was almost parallel to my line of sight. The saucer had three 'steps' to it. The surface was totally featureless and looked like it was made out of a really shiny, reflective metal. I couldn't even tell if it was spinning or not- there were no features or markings on the object. The whole thing looked like it was cast from a single piece of metal, no seams or bolts. 

After watching it for a few seconds, I got really excited. I had never seen a UFO before and wasn't really scared or anything, so I ran back into the kitchen to try to find a camera that is usually in a small storage cabinet. I couldn't find it... I started yelling for my mom to look out over the pond- and she could hear me. Unfortunately, she was attending my brother, who needed vitamins, and told me she would be finished with him in a minute. Not knowing what to do, I ran back to the living room and continued to watch it as it slowly made it's way south. I was not observing it for about 20 seconds. 

I've asked my mother about the event and she recalls me yelling to get her attention, but she did not actually look out over the pond to witness anything. 

I lost sight of the object when it started to reenter the treeline at the southern end of the clearing. I must've watched for another minute or two until I couldn't see it anymore. I didn't go outside to investigate further- the thought never crossed my mind.

I have always been really curious about what had happened back then, and so I've finally come to the decision to make a report on this. 

While I did not check to see any effects on the vegetation as a kid, I should mention that the forest is quite thick near my house: any straight path that an object of that size would try to follow would be bound to intercept trees somewhere. I don't remember any trees moving or being touched/affected by the object as it made its path. 

On the making of this report, I decided to look at the trees around where I thought the craft may have touched the trees... I couldn't find anything abnormal.
