{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-12 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456308","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105289","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3349,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/308/mufon-5456308.json","updb_database_id":5456308}
{tjd} Viewed Black Triangle flying low and slow.

On December 12, 2019 I was on my way to work, just after 5 am, when I spotted a large red light (solid) and small yellow light (blinking) in the sky. Both lights moved in tandam which suggested they were part of the same object (it was still dark outside). This was odd as the distance between the lights was significant. I live under the flight path to Ohare Airport in Chicago and so it is a common event to see lights in the sky. This was different. The object was close and low to the ground but did not appear to be a private plane which I also see frequently. While viewing this I left my neighborhood first driving N on Oak St (the object was moving east) for about 500 meters, then turning left onto W. Hillside Rd. At this point I could see two large red lights (not blinking or pulsating) and between them two small yellow lights in line and between the two red lights. I continued to drive up Hillside Dr wondering what it was. It was travelling very slowly and very low to the ground. At one point the situation became clearer to me when the object appeared to bank and a third large red light became visible. The red lights formed a triangle. At this point I would guess the object was approximately 100 meters away and approximately 30 meters across. (I admit I am guessing and it could have been closer.) After banking the object levelled out and again I could only see two red ligfhts and the two small yellow lights in line and between the red lights. The banking resulted in the object turning right and was now heading south. It continued moving in this direction, flying low and slow, until I could no longer see it. It was headed toward, and must have crossed, Route 14, the major highway in the area. The duration of the sighting was approximately 5 minutes.

I have had a keen interest in UFOs since the mid-1960s. I know the history and I understand this might reduce my credibility but I don't care. I believe all UFO sightings should be reported. I also witnessed a UFO in the mid-1970s along the coast highway outside Gold Beach, Oregon. I reported that sighting to the National UFO Reportng Center (3 total witnesses). In the lastest case, I was shocked when the object banked and I realized I was looking at a triangle. I kept telling myself it must be something else. I just couldn't believe it. I still can't but it happened. I inquired with the local newspaper a couple days later whether anyone had reported seeing a UFO on this date. The answer was no. I also told colleagues at work about the sighting that day. Nobody was interested and nobody cared. For me, it was amazing.
