{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-25 18:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529308","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26222","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/308/mufon-5529308.json","updb_database_id":5529308}
lights in sky , then gone

I was on my way home from school. I was driving home on the us54/patriot freeway going south. First thing i noticed was that there were 2 lights in the sky. I noticed this very quickly because i like to look at the sky at all times to see whats up there. On this freeway you can pretty much see all the way to Mexico. It was dusk but still a blue sky. First thing i thought was that it was a planet, but there were no stars out yet so you couldn't really see a planet that brightly. Second thing i thought was its a plane or helicopter, but they weren't moving. So I kept driving home while looking at these lights. About ten minutes later i stop on a road on the way home because i need to take a picture. While I'm stopping i noticed that a plane was flying by the lights. At this time the sun was setting over the mountain so it was sort of dark but they were still there. As i looked down to get my camera and to take the picture they were gone. The plane continued on and the stars began to be visible but the bright lights weren't there anymore. If they were planets they would still be visible. planes and helicopters strobe lights would be able to be seen. I work at the airport so i see these all the time even when they are at 30k feet. 

The thing that makes me wonder is maybe they were still there but we cant see them in the dark. Maybe the sun reflects off of them, but in the dark they are invisible. 

Today the 30th i asked around at work and my friend told me his wife saw the lights. She told him that she saw 3 of them and that they were there for about 15 minutes and they were diamond shaped. 

The picture I attached is just an example. Keep in mind the time of day is not the same and it is from google maps. It just to show the positioning in the sky. 

I also saw the lights that were skydivers a couple weeks ago. I knew they were skydivers as they left the plane. You could see them from where i was perfectly and the plane was around them on both jumps. 

I also saw another ufo type object on the 13th at 3am on the way to work. Nothing major just a light in the sky that took off into space. Was not a meteor, or comet, or shooting star. It took off at light speed. Just fyi so you know that i am looking up all the time.
