{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509308","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/308/mufon-5509308.json","updb_database_id":5509308}
{nd} Pulsating luminous lights with very fast directional changes and hovering..

Im an experienced UFO watcher and since tonight is the super moon I decided to take a look outside of my window from my home in Coral Springs, Fl facing west towards the Everglades.. I then spotted an object in the sky pulsating with the typical colors and hovering in the air like a boat floats on water.. I have the ability to really get a better view of the movements once the crafts circular (magnetic field?) comes into view which takes some focus on my part.. Thats how I can get pin point accuracy on the vertical and horizontal movements within the circle.. I then noticed as is ALWAYS! the case what seems to be a scout plane that always flys just close enough in the direction of the UFO as if to acknowledge that it can be seen.. This plane is not that big and always has a distinct red light that blinks on and off.. Upon looking at the plane I noticed that there were about 3 more UFOs both West and South West above and below 30 thousand feet around midnight then gradually hovering down to what appears to be a destination before 3 AM all at simultaneous times.. They were all at one point above tree top level then one by one just centered in on an unknown location and were now out of viewing range.. I was very excited and upset at the same time because my iPhone couldnt record the activity.. I would love to know what is the best affordable camera I can buy to record such activity? I viewed the UFOs with a decent pair of binoculars but that was not satisfactory for me.. I have been interviewed by both Brian Vike and Jeff Rense live on air back in 2005 in regards to other sightings both here and in New York City.. This is nothing new to me but I do see an increase in activity as of late and would like to discuss my findings with MUFON in the very near future.. I am more then certain that I can film future activity.. I just need to know what camera to purchase..
