{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289308","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/308/mufon-5289308.json","updb_database_id":5289308}
Orb seen in bedroom, buzzing, and passed out.

I had what I call a "ping" earlier in the evening when I was laying down. Hadn't experienced that since 2003. Felt kind of a tug at my mind, I (in my mind assertively) pushed back at the contact. Basically responded by saying, "I don't want you here." I may or may not have used an expletive or two. I don't remember my exact words. I do remember the response. The response was a clear, "What, what, what?" Three different voices with a second in between words. The inflection was kind of like, "are you serious?"

Woke up after a dream to my wife telling me about a dream she had. She was walking down a tunnel, and started floating. At the end of the tunnel was a computer screen, and "someone" was showing her what was on the monitor. She couldn't remember what was on the monitor or who it was that was showing her.

While she's telling me this, I notice there's a flashing glow on the wall to my right. I look at the wall and think, "well, that's odd." A moment later I realize it's a little darker in the room aside from this blue (high rate) flashing. So I turn to my wife. Behind her seems to be the source of the light. So, I move her aside, and as I notice the source, I say, "Don't you see that?" What I saw was a blue orb probably about 2"-3" across, very bright. It was like staring into the sun.

She asks, "what are you talking about?"

My "brilliant" response? I give it (the orb) the ol' California Hello; I flip it off. Both hands. Why? I have NO idea. What's going through my mind is, "great, they're here, I didn't ask for this yet." I hear a buzzing that gets louder, and louder, and finally the light starts moving back and forth in all directions very quickly and I pass out. I wake up staring up at the ceiling with my sheets off of me. After waking up my wife I looked at the clock: 3:23 am CST. My wife doesn't remember what happened.

When I woke up my eyes were sore and the tips of my fingers were really sensitive and red. They felt like they do after you're outside in the sun all day, and your fingers get a little sunburned. My eyes kind of felt like I had been swimming in pool water. Had I been thinking *at all* today I would have taken pictures. The redness is gone, but my eyes are still sore and my fingers feel like they've been rubbed raw. To be honest I was shocked that anything happened, I'm still processing it. This was the first fully conscious experience I've had since 2003. I've seen orbs in the house, but not this bright.
