{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-03 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526308","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29385","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/308/mufon-5526308.json","updb_database_id":5526308}
2 Objects with brillant white strobes.Maybe close to size of 737 Jet.

I live in western Vermont on NY/VT Border. We had just come in from store and had noticed how beautiful the Stars were and the night was cloudless. About an hour before the sliver of the Moon had set in the West. Was going back out after being inside maybe 30 seconds. As I opened the door looking West, for the NY border is only a mile away accross the Lake, about 30 degrees up and coming from the West, directly towards me were 2 objects, side by side. They were about 2000 feet apart with the right one slightly higher and at an altitude of maybe 5000 feet. The brilllance of the white strobes was incredable, and each object had well over a dozen. No conventional marker or position lights were visable. Each did have a dimly lit white area to the rear and upward from what seemed to be the rear of the craft. They both had a pattern of rapid flashing like I have never seen before where at any one time, 6 to 8 strobes would be flashing at once and all sequencing in less than a second. Knew there was structure but kind of like a large sphere with randomly placed strobes.At maybe a mile distance they changed course and headed SSWest with one object moving to trail behind the other by maybe 1000 feet. I would estimate their speed to be 150 to 200 mph. The nearest small Airports are 20 miles east or West and these were the size of a passenger Jet and definately not from there or going to and we don't exactly get much low level air traffic here and not lit like these were. I have been a Pilot for 40+ years in both fixed wing and had a Helicoper business. These were neither, and NO sound whatsoever was erie. My Fiance and just ariving neighbor witnessed them also. I have never seen lighting like that in my Life. Burlington Vt is a 2 hour drive and Albany Ny the same. There is no Airport they could have taken off from or been going to land at anywhere around here if they were aircraft. This is the middle of nowhere. Not planes re-fueling for sure. The Pilots would have been blinded. The were a few flashes of red also in the lighting. Their last direction was towards Manchester Vt, a 30 min drive. No airport there. Movement was steady. No Military around here either. Whoever was their Pilot would need a welding mask to see. They were following no air corridors I know of. Just joy flying for lack of a term. Had just used up my 8GB card in camera and was too in awe to get it. There will be more. That I'm sure of. Many other strange lights up here that I could have reported but this I had to. Have seen many other silent strange lights up here and more frequenly in he last several months.Thanks and don't always take those lights for a plane. There is some good acting being done by "Someone",up there!!Oh. I don't drink or drug at all..
