{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-22 05:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285308","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/308/mufon-5285308.json","updb_database_id":5285308}
Photo from a trap camera my husband put on our upper balcony {bright light caught on camera only}. - {djs}

We had had trouble with our neighbor trespassing on our property so we have cameras on all around our property except for this one section that faces a public access and we wanted to keep track of our boats if there was any activity on the lake. My husband put a trap camera on the upper balcony of the house and didn't think anything of it let it run probably a month and a half and he got out the pictures around July 4th so we could take a look at them and then this thing came up where we had a night time trigger at 12:00am on June 22nd then another one I think it 1am and then this one at 5:02 a.m. and at first we thought someone was flying a drone outside my bedroom window because my bed is right there then it was so bright and it was between the trees and the house I'll send some pictures so you can see how it was set up so if it was a drone it was creepy but it ended up being just this huge light that went off and we lived near an airport but they don't come that low I mean this was below the tree line. Between the trees and the house 25 to 30 feet in the air. We were also on the lake looking for a place to fish in June around father's day and this Hugh snake looking thing showed up in our fish finder at 110 feet down. I wasn't going to submit this form but I decided since you may have a way to help figure out what is in the pictures that would be great help. We also have a video on our home security that is a bright light on my neighbors house around this 5 am put my husband thought is was just a car lights. I didn't agree and saved that video.  I attached photos from the trap camera so you could see on a normal day during the day where the trees are situated where everything is then that night and then wear this light came from I also put in the snake at 110 ft from my fish finder I didn't attach the video I don't know how to do that I'd have to figure that out but I did save it of the light on my neighbor's house..
