{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-15 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287562","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/562/mufon-5287562.json","updb_database_id":5287562}
Strainge Bright Object observed hovering on night sky of Dhaka

On the April of 2010 (April approximately),
The night sky was very much clear as there were no clouds. Stars were shining as beautifully as they are. From my 12th floor Balcony there was a big view of the city available as there were very few tall buildings at that time. From my apartment I was very used to seeing the miles away airport blinking lights, airliners taking off and making turns and going away different directions or coming towards the airport and making final approach by turning on their landing lights. The nearest airbase was straight to the west few kilometers away from our home. I was used to seeing helicopters hovering in the sky above the city. It was very common for us to see military helicopters taking off from the base and circling above the city, making turns after turns and descending at the base. At that time I was so practiced by watching those aircrafts that I was able to easily identify which one is an aircraft and which one is a helicopter. Also I was used to seeing the airliner's blinking lights traversing the night sky at very high altitude many times.

On the night of the event just like many other days, after finishing my dinner with family I went to the west side Balcony of our 12 storied apartment to spend the rest of the night listening to my favorite FM shows around 12am. I was sitting on a chair almost lying and putting my legs on the balcony railing. I was calm and relaxed and enjoying the FM broadcast by using my phone. I used keep a small flashlight always with me incase of any load shedding. At that time load shedding three to four times a day at Dhaka was very common.

Around 2.30 am of the night, when I was looking at the sky straight above me, suddenly my eyes got something like a dimmed star hovering on the sky. At first I got confused and looked at it again very carefully. At first I thought it might be an airliner at high altitude. But there were no blinking lights of an aircraft and it was not moving like usual airliers do. The light was like a star but I could see it differently from the night sky background. Then out of nowhere in my mind I did something unexpected. I grabbed my flashlight and pointed toward the sky by turning it on. This is the time when I got shocked. The hovering star also blinked downward at the same time just like a car halogen headlight and I could see the thing clearly hovering on the sky and the movin from south to north. It took 2 to 3 seconds and the hovering light disappeared and there was no sign of it. I double checked the sky above me but found nothing.
After the incident I was so scared and my body started shaking. I ran into my bed right away and never got back to the balcony. 
I thought that the incident might be a paranormal one but later learned from the internet that I was not the only one who had seen things like this in the sky. After that day I spent many nights on the balcony and watched many aircrafts come and go but I have never seen anything strange like that. I have told the story to many of my family and friends but nobody believed except my mother. Because she said that she had also seen things like this before.
I still convince myself that maybe I was wrong. But the moment I cannot forget is when that object blinked back at me. I don't know what it was, whether it was an aircraft or a UFO, but there is only one question in my mind. Why did It give me a response???
-Marib
Dhaka, Bangladesh
28 May 2021
