{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-02 07:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488562","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/562/mufon-5488562.json","updb_database_id":5488562}
{jpg} The sun was very bright and the cloud cover looked very odd but that has been the norm these days however today there seem to be dark streaks like a paintbrush coming up from around the sun and what seemed to be a piece of a rainbow shined through.

This morning I had noticed that the clouds in the sky especially around the sun looked stranger than they normally have been looking these days. While on a stoplight (I had to wait for this like to change three times before I was able to make my left hand turn onto Lagrange from 143rd St.)  I was looking up at the sky and noticed streaks of dark coming from the cloud cover where the sun was peeking through it almost looked like someone had taken a paintbrush and used it to create this effect. Also to the left of the cloud covering the sun there was a partial rainbow. There are no rain clouds in the sky it is a pretty sunny day today and the sun is very bright. My daughter loves rainbows and because of how peculiar the sky look today I figured I'd take a couple of snapshots. ( this light always takes for ever to change)  After I got home I started looking at those pictures I had taken on my phone searching for the rainbow . I didn't see a rainbow home but what I didn't scene was even more bizarre . I even put the pictures up on my Big screen TV to see if I can get a better look at it because when I zoom in on these objects there is not much detail.  I had seen airplanes in the sky at this very same time you're not in my photos the were not I focus.  I noticed that there were many black dark gray type spheres dots in the sky just above where the sun was shining if you zoom in to the blue sky on these photos you'll see what I'm talking about . I'm going to send you the original shots they should you time and date stamped they were taken on an iPhone 6 Plus I'm wondering if you were able to enhance his picture somehow if there is more detail that may come out on these strange things in the sky.  It may be nothing but because there are so many and depending on where in the frame they are located they look anywhere between dark almost black to light gray there's one or two or maybe even three in the cloud cover on the white clouds and then there are some that are in the blue sky as well take a look maybe you can figure out what they are because I'm stumped. The sun was very bright so you were really not able to look on that direction for very long and that was while squinting. I'm guessing I might have seen these things with my bare eyes if I wore sunglasses.
