{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-08 21:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492562","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4543,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/562/mufon-5492562.json","updb_database_id":5492562}
{rjl} Jupiter Fly-By

On the evening of June 8, 2015 at 9:12 pm, I was looking at the planet Jupiter and decided to take some video with the intention of modifying the focus. My intention was to observe the effects of increasing the size of the image over normal basic image integrity and detail. The direction was basically West at 2611 and 361 altitude when I shot 48 seconds of video. 

Upon review of frame by frame images, I discovered that three separate craft flew by the planet from my perspective of view. Attached are some images.                                            
                                                                    
It was pure luck that I even saw the craft. Had I been using a normal focal point, Jupiter would have been rendered to just a small bright dot and I would not have caught the images of the three craft that flew nearby in the sky. My initial thought was that the distance of the craft from me was 2 to 3 miles.

The first craft flew in a straight line upwards to the left at a 251 angle.  The second craft did the same, but at a 501 angle. The third craft actually came from the lower left and did some curving around the planet before continuing on upwards to the right at about a 401 angle. Clearly craft were flying around without lights that evening.

After researching it, the direction of the sightings was toward the Lakewood Lakes.  Two of the craft appear to travel from the southern end of the lake and one from the northern side of the most westerly of the two lakes.  The lake is at a distance of 2.5 miles from me and the craft appear to be 172 yds in length, according to my calculations.  They could have been closer, or further away. But it is the closest large lake in that area.  Most of my observations have been over Blue Springs Lake and Lake Jacomo. Logic tells me that this is occurring here as well. 

I have seen another very large craft on two occasions over Blue Springs Lake that was approximately 117 yds in length. One of the dates was in a report of that sighting on November 16, 2014. These three appear to be 47% larger. The sighting also coincides with the fact that at least two other persons have reported seeing a 1football field1 sized craft in that same vicinity. They were reported to have been seen while the individuals were walking along Woods Chapel Road, which is also in the aerial photo of the lake.

Craft #1 travelled through the screen in 14 frames, or .23 seconds. Craft #2 travelled through the screen in 16 frames, or .27 seconds.  Craft #3 took 27 frames do to its extra movements, in .45 seconds.

After calculating the speed of the first craft, it appears to have been travelling at a rate of 6 miles per second, or 21,734 mph. Of course all of this is based on the estimate that the craft were in the vicinity of Lakewood Lakes. If they were in reality closer, then the speed and size would drop incrementally. Conversely, if they were further away, then the speed and size would be even larger. However, the logic of the sightings being captured over the precise location of the center of the larger of the two lakes is compelling.

Summary:
This may be the first observation and video capture of craft operating in the vicinity of Lakewood Lakes.
