{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476953","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2668,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/953/mufon-5476953.json","updb_database_id":5476953}
{rjl} Observed ufo hovering above horse in corral

My younger brother and I were riding our bikes to town as we did every Saturday to visit freinds. We pass a horse farm on the way. As we came around the corner we heard a humming nose and looked in the direction. In a small corral there was one horse and a few feet above it was a disc shaped object approximately 12' by 10'. It was grey in color with no visible openings. As we were trying to figure out what it was we observed 3 tube like arms come out of the sides and one end, all the tubes had 3 pincers on the ends. As this was happening I got really afraid and turned and told my brother we needed to leave. (I was 13 years old and he was 10) I don't remember looking back at the object. We headed to town and and our first stop was always to stop at the town store to get snacks and drinks. I also always check the clock to see what time it was. When I looked at the clock out was 2 hours later than it normally was when we would arrive. Again I felt afraid because it didn't seem like we spent that much time looking at this object. I told my brother we couldn't stay long because it was almost time to head back. When we started heading back once we got closer to the farm I again had an overwhelming fear come over me. When we reached the farm the horse was laying on the ground next to the far end of the corral. When I observed it earlier during the sighting it was in the middle of the corral. I knew that the horse was in trouble. 2 days later I was going to school and asked my freind who lives on the farm if the horse was okay. He didn't know about it so asked his father later after school. Next day he yells at me and wants to know how I knew about the horse so I told him what we saw. He then told his father what we said and his father told him he was not allowed to talk to its anymore.
