{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528953","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3244,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/953/mufon-5528953.json","updb_database_id":5528953}
i was walking down stairs in my house which is on the water and faces the LI sound. I saw 2 planes that were too small to be planes and too big to be toys.

i was walking down stairs in my house which is on the water and faces the LI sound. I saw 2 planes that were too small to be planes with people pilots and too big to be toys. I heard the engine first then looked and saw these 2 planes nearly missing each other in some acrobatic manuever that I could best describe by the planes being completely vertical, flat and fanning each other, nearly missing each other. then they disappeared. there is a point to my west where the Bight (I live on Petty's Bight named so because it looks like someone took a bite out of the beach) where it jutts out, the plane seemed to disappear behind a bush but I thought that would be impossible since I did not see or hear them again. my 2 daughters were sitting in the living room and when I asked them if they just saw that event that took a matter of seconds. one said i saw it and the other said i didn't see it but heard plane engines. I am a pilot and always observe the sky. there is a small private airport next to my house called Rose Airport which is rarely used and harbors no planes. These planes were never seen again. I could describe them in detail but the defining mark was at the wing tips appeared to have round plates, not oval which I have seen before, these looked like pie plates. Please contact me if any question. 

I appreciate your organization in every way and Jesse Ventura too. I would always be available to house Jesse and his crew if he were coming here to investigate Plum Island and he could use my boat too. I am a resident of Orient Point, I can see Plum Island from my window, and happy that he is investigating Plum Island. 

Also, I own this house since 1995. 2 times I saw what I call "shadow images". Once a gray ball flew across my path into the empty lot across the street and the other day I swear I saw a shadow/grey image of a cat leaping through the air into the bushes. Not a UFO but something I saw. 

Also, in 1993, I will never forget, I was driving in a jeep with my boyfriend on 8th street in NYC and about 6 pin lights, colors red and blue, came into the jeep and appeared to be scanning us. these pin lights appeared to not have a source. I am a photographer and looked all over for the source of the tiny bright dots that went all over our bodies then left, we even stopped the car and looked outside, there was only the pin light, no stream of light indicating a source. They were inside the car, all over, even out feet, how could a light even get there?
