{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493953","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65547","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2939,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/953/mufon-5493953.json","updb_database_id":5493953}
{cak} Not a UFO it was a Block of Light

I was sitting on the porch. It was a block/band of light that came out of the sky. The light reached up into the sky into perpetuity. I could not see anything creating the beam but it was coming from a great distance. The light was a rectangle like band. It had edges to it and it lit up what it was landing on but it did not have any "overflow". Meaning it did not put off any additional light in the area, the light was "Solid". It only lit up exactly what it was on and it was completely dark outside of the edges of the light. The beam suddenly appeared across the street on top of a house and went straight up into what seemed like to space. It moved across the top of house onto the driveway, then onto the street. It moved at quick right angles as if it were a spot light but like I said it was rectangular, solid and it had distinct edges. It moved across the street, into the neighbors trees. It moved onto my deck about 6 -8 feet away. it was there for about 2 seconds and then moved onto the top of my roof. Once it moved onto my roof, I stood up and moved to the other side of the porch so I could see it on the roof. It stayed illuminated for a few seconds and then just turned off. I sat back down wondering what I had just seen. All of the sudden I realized that it was brighter on my deck than it should be. I looked down and I could see lite and shadows moving around on my porch around and under the chair next to me. I looked under the chair and there was a lite that was spinning. It was about 1 1/2 feet tall and 6 -7 inches wide and it was like a cylindrical tin candle lantern but it was not solid, it was just a soft lite that was emanating a pattern like what a tin candle lantern would cast. It rotated slowly. I looked at it for a few - 10 second not really believing my eyes. Suddenly I realized that I was actually seeing what I was seeing and it was really there. I suddenly began to feel a very intense feeling of fear. I went into the house, locked the door and went in and wrote down in my journal exactly what I had seen so I would not forget it. My first reasonable thought was that I was seeing a reflection off of satellite, but the light was not a normal type of light beam. And then there was the spinning light on my porch. Has anyone ever reported something like this?
