{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501953","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57073","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/953/mufon-5501953.json","updb_database_id":5501953}
{dr}Black, semi-circular object. Shape was wobbly and not solid. Moved very slowly at low altitude for 5-10 minutes.

I have never really believed in this sort of thing, but I just saw an object in the sky over south Charlotte at 8:00 p.m. 6/15/2014. It was black and seemed to be a semi-circular shape but seemed to change shape in a slow, wobbly manner. Almost like a blob or jellyish type structure. It did not look natural. It either had a bright white light or some sort of reflection of the sun, but it was slowly spinning so the light would come and go. 
  It was directly over me and in plain sight at low altitude. Someone with terrible eyesight could have easily seen it. I watched it for over five minutes, probably closer to ten. It moved very slowly, gaining in altitude pretty steeply in regard to how quickly it became too difficult to see. I recorded it from my phone, but it has no zoom. By the time I decided to find my phone and record, it had floated quite a distance. It was indistinguishable on the screen because of it1s altitude and the sun and lack of zooming ability. My neighbor walked out as I was filming. He watched it with me. By the time he saw it, the object was at a greater distance and higher altitude so he asked if maybe it was a weather balloon. It was not, though. It was almost thickly transparent-like, but then it would 1morph1 into a jet black with absolutely no plasma look to it. It did not look like it was 1made of matter1 in the sense that we usually perceive matter.
  I am somewhat shocked because I am a hard sceptic of almost any phenomena reported on any subject. I called the airport. They said that they know of nothing in the sky, that there is a National Guard Base nearby. Really though, I1m not sure why I called them because this 1object1 did not look natural and moved in a very unnatural manner as well. It was not a 1vehicle1 per se. I am truly at a loss for words. 
  I saw it earlier this week too, but it was very far away so I did not call or make a report because I was not sure what I saw. On that day, it seemed to hover in a completely still position and darted off at an extremely high speed. I was intrigued as to what it could be, but it was very far away and pretty much a small, dark spot in the sky. I am certain now that this was this object or something very similar that I observed.
