{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460953","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/953/mufon-5460953.json","updb_database_id":5460953}
{tjd} Light in the sky

Saw a glowing light in the sky. It was night time and we were driving on the highway in Utah. I was around 14 years old when this occurred. At bright light caught my eye and it behaved differently from a star, it was blinking randomly. I had a thought in my mind that said if you can see me blink 3 times, and it blinked 3 times. I was absolutely shocked, so in my mind I told it to blink again 3 times and then 2 times, and it did. Next, thing it did was split from one bright light into 3 bright lights and they began dancing and moving around each other. I was totally freaking out by this time so I told my Mom and her boyfriend who were also in the vehicle we were in. I told them what happened and to look up in the sky to see if they could also see it. My mom's boyfriend was so shocked by this that he pulled over on the side of the highway and flagged down a trucker. The trucker pulled over and we all got out of the vehicle to look up in the sky at this bright flashing light. Next thing you know as he was pointing to the sky showing this truck driver the light began to descend towards us. It got to the point I became terrified and I jumped into the vehicle and told my mom I wanted to go now! Her boyfriend finally jumped in the drivers seat of the vehicle but by this time the light was directly over the back of our vehicle. We were screaming at him to drive fast! It began chasing us down the highway for about 20 miles. It took a long time for it to ascend back into the sky. I kept telling it in my mind to go away we didn't want anything to do with it. I started praying and asking it leave us alone. If finally backed off until it was a distant light in the sky. It watched us from above for a long time and finally disappeared. it was one of the scariest things I have ever experienced. Since then I have had many more experiences it is very strange.
