{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-11 15:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548875","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/875/mufon-5548875.json","updb_database_id":5548875}
Power interruption, flashing in the sky, missing time, UFO photos

At about 1:45 pm EST the power flickered in my Clarklake, MI (Jackson County) home.  After a moment of thinking what possibly could've made my power momentary interruption, I instinctfully, without prior thought, grabbed my camera and went outdoors to photograph the daturas in my garden.  I am a semi-professional designer and amateur photographer and have been recently posting photos in a Flickr.com account.  As I began to set up my SLR-type Sony Cybershot DSC-H5, I saw a flash in the NW skies, toward Jackson, MI (it is now about five minutes after the power flicker).  I set the camera to auto and 'burst' two series of five photographs.  Immediately I viewed them through the camera's 3-inch lighted view screen and saw one image with a definite black dot infront of a small cloud.  At that point I went indoors and downloaded the images onto my computer and found that there were at least two objects, one definitely metallic and disc-shaped, flitting about the skies.

I seem to have been missing about an hour's time while outdoors between the power interruption and photos.

I thought that the photos were taken around 2pm.  I recall that when the power was interrupted, I looked at the battery-operated clock on the bathroom wall it was about 1:45pm or so.  I went outdoor right afterward and began to photograph my garden's flowers.  I dodn't feel that I was out more than ten or fifteen minutes.  When I looked at the computer clock and saw that it was well past three.  I became very confused and slightly agitated. I looked at the digital photos and they were all stamped with times after 3pm.  

There is no way that I was outdoors for an hour or so... The 'segueway' was seamless...I do not recall the 'jump cut'...like when a movie is edited back together after snapping.  You're in one place or whatever and suddenly you're somewhere else or doing something or you're just standing or sitting and completely confused.   I don't recall any of that happening.

Maybe the flashes of light I saw in the sky were some sort of indication of the 'experience' being underway or ending???

Wow...
