{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481875","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/875/mufon-5481875.json","updb_database_id":5481875}
A massive Triangular craft that slowly flew over my boarding school

To be honest I have had many encounters in my life and although technically this is not the first encounter this is always the first that comes to mind when I think of encounters I have had in the past.
I will briefly elaborate on where I was. I was 14 and this was when I was in a boarding school in the midlands of England. I was in my dormitory which normally had three occupants including me, but it was a Sunday morning and the two other occupants of the dormitory lives close enough that they could go home every weekend.
As it was I was alone in the room and for no reason what-so-ever I awoke in the morning. I normally never awoke that early and it was early enough that I could look out of the dormitory window and see the early morning glow of the sun-rise outside and I could barely make out the tree-line of the hills outside.
I remember looking up and seeing this huge craft filling the sky overhead. I got the impression of it being triangular in nature but in truth I could barely make out the sides let alone the horizon. I watched it for several minuets as it very slowly drifted overhead.
At no point did the craft make an attempt to shift or suddenly jump away. Instead it continued to slowly drift across the sky.
I will describe the underside as best I can. The underside of the craft of either dark grey or black, every now and then I could make out small lights, the majority of which were still but a few blinked. I think most were either white, or some shade of yellow through orange but defiantly there was no shade darker than this.
The underside of the craft was Not smooth, no in fact it was filled with ridges and what looked to be tubing or pipes although to be honest it was far enough away that I could not make out details of these tubes or pipes on the underside.
As I watched it I remember getting the impression that I was watching a floating city, although in truth I have no idea how my teenage mind would come to such a conclusion. I spent several minuets watching it until it was gone, I did not see any engines on the craft and when it was gone I remember having a still feeling.
Come to think of it back then even until now I have always had this kind of still, almost blank feeling when I remember seeing this thing. I have heard in some cases people feel awe inspired or it changed them and I will be honest this is the First and Only experience I have ever had with these things in regards to seeing them with my eyes and yet. In truth I have always had this bland feeling when remembering it. Which in itself feels a bit disconcerting because I feel like I should have more awe when thinking about these things. But anyway. This is my account. Given to the best of my ability and hopefully someday it may be of service to you or humanity at large.
