{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-20 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281875","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/875/mufon-5281875.json","updb_database_id":5281875}
White light and also dark grey triangle later

When I was 17 yo I was on a camping trip on a small island at crater lake in western Washington state. Earlier in the day I was driving a small boat on the lake and had to go to the bathroom. I stopped on a west shore and walked up a hill when I felt really uncomfortable like I was being watched. I quickly left the area got back in the boat and left. A few hours later when at camp myself and several other witnesses camping with us saw bright lights on the mountain on the west side of the lake. It looked like someone was using off road lights but brighter. Then the light went up off the hill and slowly traveled over the lake to the east over the small island we were on. It made no sound. Then it disappeared over the east mountains of the lake. A few minutes later another light did the same thing. This time I flashed a flash light at it but nothing happened. It also disappeared over the east mountain of the lake. Later that evening it was very windy and I woke up for no reason at all in my dome tent. The tent had a see through screen on the roof. When I looked up I saw a very large dark triangle shaped object with a bright circular light on each corner and a red light in the center move over our camp and stop. I was terrified and grabbed my flashlight but it didn’t work. The craft made a very quiet hiss noise but other then that it was quiet. I could see a frame like design along the edge. It was maybe 100 feet above and very large. Maybe the size of a football field or bigger. It was hard to tell. I finally got the courage to jump up and run to my sisters tent to wake her but when she got up to look it was gone. She thought I was playing a joke on her and was very mad. The next morning she said she was woken up the night before before I woke her up by bright colored lights shining into the tent outside. Being half asleep she thought it was the police outside with their emergency lights on and it irritated her but she just went back to sleep. The next morning she realized there was no way it was police because we were on a small island in the middle of the lake. The island was maybe a few hundred feet long and a couple of hundred feet wide. I don’t remember seeing these colored lights she was talking about so that’s always bothered me. It was a really fantastic experience.
