{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-28 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468875","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/875/mufon-5468875.json","updb_database_id":5468875}
Humming sound investigation

Last night I had a similar event that I had on On the 04/04/2017. 
The weather was raining and I sleep with a small bedroom window open. 
I heard a dull humming sound coming from outside and got out of bed to look out of the window. 
Seeing some lights coming from behind the trees I got dressed and went to get my sons friend who is staying with us to come with me to Investigate.
The time was about 11.30pm. 
We both went outside and started to walk towards the field. 
We both saw dull Lights coming from behind trees and after my last experience I knew what it was. 
We both took our phones with us but they did not work. 
There was a ship about 50 to 60 feet across and the hight was about 25 to 30 feet and as last time, it did not seem to be touching the ground. 
Somehow I found myself inside the craft. I have no recollection how I got there, my friend Joe was not with me. 
The inside was very dimly lit and had a very strange smell of almonds that I recognised from last time and again I saw small figures moving around in the shodows, 
I couldn't hear voices but had the opinion that they were having a conversation with each other.
I was held on top of a floating table that was monovering around the room
I had no comprehension of the time but I was in the ship for around two hours.
I found myself in the field where I found Joe who said that he could not move until I reappeared he had a memory of me being taken up and into the ship but was unable to to move. 
I have no knowledge of anything happening to me but my neck is very sore. 
I don't recall seeing or feeling anything being done to me. But I did feel very light 
The whole thing was very traumatic and I am certain what we saw and experienced.
This time I have a witness and that makes me feel a lot better.
