{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506875","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51873","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2577,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/875/mufon-5506875.json","updb_database_id":5506875}
Le disque pulsant, vu sur la cam1ra, d1gage une d1charge d'1nergie assez importante, peut-1tre EMP.

It appeared differently on camera than it did using a mono-scope and field-glasses. By far the most interesting event was possibly a rather large EMP discharge seen only on camera. This discharge followed a couple of smaller ones. As a former Senior Aerospace Research Engineer and private pilot this intrigued me the most and something that I had never witnessed visually. Each discharge radiates out in two invisiable-to-the-eye waves from the center. 

It also appeared that the flight crew was having great difficulty attempting to regain control of the craft in light of a possible mechanical problem. The craft also appeared to lose altitude following each discharge but did appear to regain a little more control. After a period of time they soon dropped down behind a saddle in the mountain but its glow was strong enough that it could still be seen for many miles.

Note that this event took place near the area of Bugarach mountain and Rennes Le Chateau, both well known as possible energy centers.  

Also note, that my son and I are still on vacation and staying with our friends Chris and Sue Ingram in Southern France and have not had a chance yet to down load the video from our camera to the computer, but will up load the video when we return in a couple of days. Both Chris and Sue would be excellent to interview and are both English living in France. Chris is a well know writer that can describe most everything to its smallest detail.

One last observation is that one would think that the military, police and others would have taken action to investigate and/or recover this craft but none appears to have taken place. This craft appears to me to have made a possible hard, simi-controlled landing but did not explode and probably remained in tact.
