{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490875","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/875/mufon-5490875.json","updb_database_id":5490875}
{jpg} I witnessed what I first thought were three stars, then I noticed the middle of the three was moving slowly across the sky from north to south, after following a straight line for a couple minutes, started wobbling until I couldn't see it any longer

I was in central Ohio. It was around 1am, and I just arrived home from work. I was letting my three dogs outside to relieve themselves. I leaned back up against the railing of my deck, to "crack" my back and I was looking up at the sky. I noticed a cluster of three "stars", and it seemed the middle one was slowly moving. I looked away and rubbed my eyes. I looked back and it was still moving, but maybe a little quicker. It started a little north of my location, and was moving southward. Still not fast, but clearly moving away from the cluster of stars I thought it was with. It always maintained the appearance of a star; just a glowing white light that didn't blink or change color. After a couple of minutes of watching, I had pretty much convinced myself it was some aircraft flying at high altitude, with no blinking lights that I could see. Then it suddenly started to wobble from side to side like it was negotiating a curvy mountain road. The speed never seemed to appreciably change, and it kept up the side to side meandering as it disappeared out of view toward the south past the rooftops and tree line south of my location. The total time I was able to view it was at least 5 minutes, but no more than 10 minutes. I kept hoping it would speed up and "zip" away at a high rate of speed thereby making me feel like I had seen something truly special, but its rate of speed seemed very constant. The aspect that made me doubt I was seeing some kind of man-made, conventional craft was the odd wobble or side to side motion that it made. At that height, I just couldn't imagine that it was a helicopter or other conventional craft making that maneuver at that perceived altitude. Nor could I imagine why a craft would be making that type of maneuver at all. That makes it a UFO to me.
