{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-04-25 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5506314.json","updb_database_id":5506314}
{nd} 2 events w/in 1/2 hour; 4 objects total. The 1st resembled silent helicopter-ish motion/altitude. Then 3 high-altitude objects. Dark Clear night sky.

This is a two (2) part sighting of four (4) objects which occurred during an approximate half hour period.

Part 1.)
1977, Dark, very clear, quiet, Spring evening. Suburbia, 45 minutes North-West of Manhattan, NY, USA. I was age 18, sober, waiting outside for my friends mom to pick me up for a weekend trip. 
Topography: Standing on the East-side of the bottom of a valley running straight North-South where a commuter train and nearby highway run parallel; creating a clear view looking South-West. 
I observed in the sky, at a distance of approximately less than 1/4 mile, a steady flashing red light moving either straight down or directly toward me. I assumed it was a helicopter but heard no noise. I did however, very clearly hear intermittent vehicular traffic which was coming from a farther distance within the valley. The flashing red lights moved downward, slow, straight, and steady until reaching an altitude of approximately 100-200 feet. Then the object stopped and hovered motionless at which time the red light changed to blue and stopped flashing. After several minutes I ran inside the house to tell my parents who were watching TV; they were asleep so I didn't wake them. Less than 10 minutes later the blue light began flashing and moved due South away from me at a slow steady rate, then out of site.

Part 2.) 
I started scanning the sky for more activity but the only objects observed were at a very high altitude. There were 3 white lights, which I thought were jet-liners flying in completely different sections of the sky. I continued walking around the front yard trying to scan as much of the sky as possible, from different angles. Over the course of several minutes the only thing moving in the sky were those same three jet-liners which now appeared to be moving toward each other; but at that great distance I had no perspective as to their relative distance or altitude from one another. Those 3 lights kept moving on a course, and at the same steady rate, toward the same part of the sky. I held my gaze on their potential collision course. I was astonished at how extremely close they were converging. Just prior to crossing paths, all 3 lights stopped dead. They formed an equilateral triangle and did not move. They now appeared to look like any other star in the sky almost directly above me. I did not look away until my ride finally arrived several minutes later. 

Now I know that apparently stationary stars may very well be UFOs hovering in our atmosphere.
