{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-06 18:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5284314.json","updb_database_id":5284314}
Star-like objects in the western sky, moving up and down, getting bright, going dark, changing colors and shape

Star-like objects in the sky I've been seeing for about 2 or 3 months now. It began with this 1 brighter than normal object that gets super bright, then will go completely dark into nothing like it's gone, and then get bright again. It always appears around dark in the southwestern sky and gradually goes across the sky until by around 1 or 2 am, it is directly dead center of west, where the sun does down. The color changes from white, to red, to yellow, to orange. The very first time I noticed it, I went inside to grab my phone to take a picture, but when I came back out, it had went dark. So I took my camera back inside and went back outside again. And then the light reappeared. I took that as a sign that it didn't want to be photographed. And here I am now, with some pictures about to share with everybody. That was like I said about 2 or 3 months ago. Alot has happened since then. On the other side of the back yard, in the back yard of the neighbor's in the wood above the treeline, one night, I saw a bright reddish orange orb, that at first I thought was the sun trying to come up, but it was at night. The orb changed colors to white, like it could be the moon, but this orb was way too small for that. But it did rise above the treeline behind my house, and it scared me half to death, and made me freeze in my tracks on the back porch. I couldn't move, I was very scared. But then I watched as it just as slowly lowered itself back down below the treeline again, and when it did, I went back inside and locked the doors. Recently, I've been seeing more than one bright star-like object in the sky at night. It all begins with the 1 brightest one, like always. But as the night continues, I'll usually see twinkles of others. And the way I will know that they are all connected is that they will also shoot upwards just like the big bright object does, and they will change colors too, and dim and get brighter just the same. But these other objects are always much farther away than the 1 big bright star-light object. But I've always seen them towards the west. But always much farther away. Anyways, I guess I could keep writing about them. But I will just upload the pictures and the short video. The video doesn't really show much, other than a bright dot of light that I track for about 45 seconds in my back yard, yesterday evening. That is the 1 big bright star-light object. You just can't get a good view of it from my old phone camera on the video. But I took some photos right before taking the short video. And I am uploading the photos too. The photos I have zoomed in as well. So you will be seeing the short video, a set of photos of the object from the viewpoint of my back porch, and then where I cropped the pictures, enlarged the object, and brightened and sharpened it. You will see that it appears to be changing shape as I am taking the photos. And it is emitting off energy. Each photo was taken about 10 seconds apart.
