{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8862,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5515314.json","updb_database_id":5515314}
{nd} Hovering strobing octagonal shaped craft with cylinder of blue pulsing light concealed in a thick low hanging cloud

On December 14, 2007 around 9:30 p.m. my husband and I were heading home. We had been a dance recital at a dance studio on the Southside of Birmingham. The weather was in the mid to upper 60s and overcast and a bit gusty and there was rain in the forecast.  Not really unusual for the south but for some reason it just felt odd almost the way it feels before a thunderstorm in the Spring or Summer except it was winter. 

As we turned on Carlisle Road, which is quite winding, I even remarked to my husband that the wind and the air just felt real weird. It wasnt blowing in one direction or another but almost circular. We rolled down our windows and were driving quite slow. Not suspecting anything at all and pretty much talking about the recital we just attended. We continued on our way way home, which at the time, was in the Irondale/Eastlake Area. 

To give an idea of the area, this part of Montclair is heavily tree lined, two lanes, and runs next to a ridge that is lined with homes. The area is not very well lit mostly because of the heavy tree canopy. The speed limit is 25 and at night only has light traffic....mostly because its a favorite place for Mtn. Brooke Cops to hide out. There is a power relay station on that road.  After you reach the intersection that takes you out of Mtn. Brooke, the lanes open up to 4 and its easier to see the ridge up to your left. There is some medical buildings, hospital, Jewish Community Center etc. 

Now back to the story: When we turned right out onto Montclair from Carlisle, we had driven a short distance approximately a quarter of a mile to where the Pilgrim Church is (was) and we noticed through the trees and up to the left a flash of a very bright blueish light that lasted maybe a second. We both expected to hear thunder or a boom from a transformer but we heard nothing.  We didn't think much of it so we continued on, drove up a little further...saw another flash. Waited for the boom...nothing. This time we did look at each other and comment that it was weird, turned the radio down and kept traveling but with a heightened sense of awareness that something seemed weird.  We passed the relay station shortly there after and although the station seemed okay we did realize that the power was, in fact, out.   We were slowly approaching the red light and intersection, which is past the relay station...Id say maybe a quarter of mile or so maybe less.  It should be noted that its at this point that you have a clearer view of the ridge up to the left that runs parallel to Montclair and at the intersection there is a post office to the left and just up from there is another building that houses the Orthopedic Specialists. The ridge is mostly residential.  The road goes from a two lane road to a four lane road and is more open and less trees obscuring your view. Up from this intersection is the Jewish Community Center, which sits near the base of the ridge. 

As we slowly approached the intersection, we noticed that all the power was on in that area but then something so extraordinary happened that it would make you doubt your own sanity or your own eyes...so we were both relieved that we were seeing this together.   The brilliant blue light reappeared but this time we could actually see it and what it was coming from and it was not a transformer, it wasnt ball lightening, it wasnt a helicopter..the power went out on that block/section...Id say it happened almost simultaneously.  The brilliant blue light, which formed a cylinder was coming down to the ground and when you followed the cylinder up...there was no mistaking that it was coming from a very large craft/ship that seemed to be shrouded in a type of thick cloud and was just behind the Orthopedic Specialists Building.  We were maybe 500 feet from it so there was no missing it. The light that made up the cylinder was a brilliant sort of plasma blue. It was beautiful. It seemed to pulse, it was bright but not blinding. It was a solid wall of light but you could see through it. The cylinder was very large in diameter Id estimate approximately 50 - 60 feet across and about 100-120 feet tall.  There seemed to be a cylinder within a cylinder. The outermost cylinder had a very 3D appearance I would describe it as circular but my husband described it more as a Hexagon. It was slowly rotating/pulsating almost like a frequency in a counterclockwise direction. The innermost cylinder was smooth but it seemed to rotate or pulse clockwise on a different frequency or pulse.  You could see through the cylinder but because of the light, it definately had a hazy glow to it. The cylinder extended up towards what appeared to be a circular stack of levels starting with the lowest level closest to the cylinder, which was made up of rectangle shaped lights arranged around the perimeter of possibly the bottom of a pretty sizeable craft. It too was rotating in a counterclockwise direction. The next 3 levels stepped up and out and disappeared into a very dense low hanging cloud. 

You absolutely could not see what was up in the clouds beyond that point and I have to say that the cloud was unusually low and very dense and despite how windy it was seemed to just hang there concealing the upper part of the craft, which just hovered there. It lasted only about 5 seconds. Then just like a light switch it turned off. There was no way to tell if the craft disappeared or if the light just turned off.  

We had the windows down and there was no sound that seemed to be coming from it like an engine or a helicopter and although it was gusty outside there was no debris nor the force of wind and noise associated with any type of man made craft. The best I could describe is a sound of electricity. Our car was still moving although by now we were coasting through the intersection. We didn't speak, we just looked at it speechless. 
When it suddenly switched off, we looked at each other...both with looks of shock and disbelief and was just about to say something to each other but all we got out was you saw that too right? then it suddenly reappeared! REAPPEARED!!!!  We couldnt believe it. 

It seemed to be travelling very slowly along the top of the ridge. When the light appeared it just seemed to hover over the houses along the top part of the ridge. Again, concealed in this weird cloud. There was no noise, no whir, no sound at all. Just like before when the light shot down, power in that section/block went out.  The entire neighborhood was cast into darkness. The cylinder of light would last only seconds....then it would just switch off.  We turned up into the neighborhood and traveled up the ridge in the direction that it seemed to travel to see if we could get an even closer look and as we were making our way up up, when the light came on one more time...this time actually over a house...before we could get there, it switched off and was gone! Just like that. Gone.  All of the houses were dark, no street lights....very eery but it was just gone. As we made a U turn to go back down towards Montclair there was a very clear view of the other ridge that is several miles away and opposite of the ridge we were on and we could see transformers blowing one after another. Then the event was over. 

The most frustrating part of all of this is that if I would have had my camera handy this sighting would have topped any other sighting ever caught on film. It was that amazing! I know it sounds unbelievable but it is 100% true.  For some reason, we did get the sense that whatever/whoever this was seemed purposeful and intentional...honestly...It was almost like it was refueling from the power. 

I told a friend of mine the next day at work and he and his wife lived in an apartment that faced that direction was is not too far from there and said they had been watching TV and saw this weird blue light coming through their window and thought someone was shining a light into their apartment then remembered that they lived on the 3rd floor and that would be impossible. There was also lots of reports in Bham of weird unexplained power outages that night.
