{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5510314.json","updb_database_id":5510314}
(GS) appeared to be stationary at my first discovery, then decended to a point, then decended vertically, then obstructed by homes

At approximately 8:30 PM yesterday evening, I was in the task of bringing my dog outdoors to relieve himself. I glanced into the starlight sky and noticed a strange glowing object:
The object was orange in color, blurry and I could not identify any specific shape, although it could best be described as being an orb. At first, the object appeared to be stationary, and in a location approximately 45 degrees from the horizontal, and as such, I could not determine its approximate size, other than to estimate that if I were to extend my arm and judge the size by my thumbnail, I would estimate the size from that ratio as being the size of my thumbnail. The position first appeared to be West and appeared to be stationary, however it could very well be traveling toward me, giving the illusion of being stationary. My observation of the object in this apparent stationary position was approximately 10 seconds (again, my time of observation1could have been in that position for a greater time duration).  Without taking my eyes off this object, I reached for the patio door to open it and instruct my fianc1e to come outside immediately to witness my observation. At that point in time, we both observed the orb moving slowly Southward while descending at approximately a 30-degree angle from the horizontal, stopping briefly, then descending vertically, then becoming out-of-view, obstructed by the neighborhood homes. This object was absolutely silent; had NO trail or tail in its motion; was of constant orange-bright light intensity. We listened to the 10:00 PM news, expecting to 1catch1 a story, believing that we couldn1t possibly be the only two witnesses of this event. We both remained calm throughout this experience. Observing that the object was consistent in appearance until our view was blocked by neighborhood homes, we could not determine whether the object landed, impacted, disappeared, or perhaps penetrated the earth. We expected to see a report on the 10:00 PM news; on-line; morning news...heard nothing.
