{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-27 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47055","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5511314.json","updb_database_id":5511314}
{dr}Sighting in Salt Lake City

I was visiting friends1 home in downtown Salt Lake City (locals would call the area the Liberty Park or Trolley Square neighborhood). We were enjoying a backyard fire, and at the moment 2 of us were outside while the 3rd went inside momentarily. I was laying down on my back passively looking at the sky while talking to my friend, when I suddenly noticed a light directly above my body moving from west to east. It was moving deliberately. My first instinct was that it was a satellite, but quickly realized that it was a lot brighter and moving much faster than any satellite I had seen before. I pointed this out to my friend and he jumped up and said 1look! There are more over there, 2 of them!1 I scramble to my feet, and said 1Where, where!?1 He pointed into a dark piece of sky north northwest direction. I then saw what looked like two light grey or light tan masses that seemed to be moving at the exact same pace and direction. The objects looked like they had somewhat of a V-like shape to them. They were very difficult to see, but looked like they had mass to them, meaning they were darker in the center of the vehicles, and their silhouettes were fuzzy and difficult to define. The best way I could describe it was that they were 1cloaked1, and required a bit of effort to see. I lost sight of them once, and then found them again about ten seconds later; again, moving at the exact same pace, and heading the exact same direction. There were no lights on the objects whatsoever save for a random pinhole-like orange light that would blink periodically (I think I saw the dim orange blink 3 times).

The entire thing lasted somewhere between 45-90 seconds; long enough for me to look back at my friend and realize that we were both absolutely seeing something that was abnormal to what is commonly in the sky. 

In the aftermath of the incident, and in accounting to his spouse what had just happened, we realized that there were some major differences in what we saw (he saw lights, I didn't, his seemed very far away, mine seemed to be a little closer). We had no choice but to determine that we saw different things. What we cannot deny, however is that we both saw something simultaneously, and that there was an unshakable sense that the presence of all these objects were absolutely related to one another.
