{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-31 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26216","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5529314.json","updb_database_id":5529314}
Watched light traversing slowly from SE to ENE blinking on every 10 seconds until it disappeared after about a half hour.

Let me first say regarding the time of this event, I had not been drinking and was most definitely not drunk, high, or anything of the sort. I had taken a break from writing a paper for my MBA class and had just returned from watching a movie. It was just before 1am local time, 12:57am to be exact, and I went outside to have a smoke and star gaze since it was a nice, clear night. Even with the light pollution from Phoenix you can still see quite a bit out in the NW valley around the Arrowhead Mall area. Facing S/SE I saw a flash. At the exact same time I saw a shooting star so at first I dismissed it. Still looking in that general direction but not the exact same part of the sky I caught it again out of the corner of my eye. For a few minutes I watched as the light would blink on then go dark. I counted the interval to myself and then confirmed it with the stopwatch on my cell phone. The light would consistently blink on, go dark, then blink back on again every 10 seconds. I was fascinated because it also appeared not to be moving. At this time of night Orion had just risen over our neighbor's roof in the SE section of the sky. I first observed the light slightly farther to the south and about halfway between the star Rigel of Orion and the constellation Taurus relative to the horizon. After watching it for a few more minutes I ran inside to grab my binoculars. I looked at the clock and it was now 1:07am so I'd been watching it slowly move and blink on and off for roughly 10 minutes at this point. When I came back outside, in what had to be less than a minute, I had a hard time locating it because during that time it moved a much larger distance than what I had been witnessing. It moved some relatively large distances a few times while I continued watching it but nothing like when I went inside. Looking at it through the binoculars you could see no shape and the light always appeared white/bluish-white, however, with the naked eye occasionally the light seemed to be an amber or orange-ish color.

At this point it has moved almost into Orion. The light didn't appear to get higher or lower in the horizon, it always seemed to maintain the same angle in the horizon relative to the neighbor's roof line. I attribute this to the Earth's rotation, the stars were moving separately from the light and the light appeared to be traversing the sky in a straight line. I make this assumption because when I first saw the light it was higher in the horizon than Orion and when it disappeared a half hour later it was below Orion. So it actually passed through Orion above the belt stars and ended up just north of E below the star Betelgeuse, the orange colored star in Orion's shoulder, on a path to intersect the Moon's trajectory when I lost sight of it.

Due to its odd on/off pattern and the lack of red and green marking lights along with its slow movement I am certain that this was not an airplane. Also, I've seen plenty of satellites and it seemed to move far too slow to be that as well. When you add the fact that you could see no shape through the binoculars it must either be small, black, or very far away. The thing is I don't think it was far away, whether that be orbiting or deeper in space, based on its straight line movement. I think it was actually in our atmosphere just very high up there. The small distance it moved during the half hour I observed it seemed odd to me too...it did seem to me that it was in the atmosphere which would mean it should be subjected to gravity and fall for how slow it moved, it only covered about a 45 degree sweep of the sky during the entire 33 minutes that I observed it!

I'm not sure if it actually vanished or if I lost sight of it due to light pollution or its proximity to the Moon. Right before I lost sight of it I texted my brother who is camping up near Prescott and far from big city light pollution to find out if he could see it up there as well but never heard back from him. I'm at a complete loss. I have no idea what that light could have been??? This is the 2nd strange thing I've seen in the sky out here in the desert in the last month and a half. If anybody else saw it or has any idea what it might have been I would like to know for sure!
