{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2204,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5471314.json","updb_database_id":5471314}
4 of us witnessed 4 objects travelling west south west past Sint Maarten

We were on the rooftop patio of our Condo in Cupecoy, Sint Maarten (water-front condo). We all saw four objects moving at a slow speed about a mile or 2 off shore travelling away from the island. I swore it was 4 drones doing water photography, but my 30 year old son said it was a UFO. We got my binoculars and there was definitely 4 objects moving in a scouting type of speed. As there were no boats or anything else we could see for miles that could be operating drones, we assumed it was something else. The size could have been small like a golf cart, but probably smaller like a shopping cart. Shape was indiscernible.
The 4 objects disappeared into the horizon and scattered clouds, then zig zagged back in a little while only to head back off to the SW. I am a pure sceptic, but my son convinced me it was not of this earth. I believe him, and given the recent statements from the government, I am probably certain these were not of this world. That scares me a little as I was so certain of drones. I scared the shore line looking for someone with a remote control and scanned the sea with my Marine binoculars for boats that may have had these as chasers while they cruise. No luck - there was nothing. Just these 4 (let's call them orbs) flying above the sea.
I am very sorry, but we did have to guess the exact date because it happened a while ago. We think it was July 1st as we were on the roof for that day. But we are not certain of the date. The time is fairly accurate as it was close to sunset and dusk. This was really something.
