{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-26 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5504314.json","updb_database_id":5504314}
sun like big orb descended and turn to a oval structre hovering in sky and fly away in slow speed at same altitude

we went to marriage reception party then me and my friend were going towards home on foot.
I feel something and saw up and there was sun like glowing something but it was falling from the sky from west. I told my friend to look up at the strange activity. I thought it is a meteorite.
 And as the glowing big oval object got stationary right over where we were standing. it was right above us in the air and I thought I was going to impact on the land. it was glowing as sun in day sky but the light is not spreading in the area and there was no noise coming out of it, it was so silent. suddenly the light shut of and there was a white bluish light colour oval object floating in the air it had windows on it and greed like structural lines on the object. 
   Object was bigger in size then it started to hovering towards east it was suddenly catching supper speed and while changing flying ling it got slow so dramatically and I was so frighten by it my heartbeats gone so fast I thought that UFO wasn't real unless I saw one from two angles as start hovering . it was close enough 150ft above that tree lines. 
the ufo fly away in forth back left right suddenly stopping and again flying and slowly slowly it got away from sight ... it fly towards north east.

my brother and friends told me they have seen strange objects in the sky before few days of my incident but they saw in very high sky but the time of sightings was the same at evening and sometimes at night.

and I don't got any other UFO sightings since then.

my mind was busy in observing the event that I forgot to take photo of it
