{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-02 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5489314.json","updb_database_id":5489314}
{nd} spotted in direction of Ohio River near power plant to the left. Saw vapor rising up to it. Possibly water from river.

Sitting on back porch on my farm enjoying the evening, and was watching the sky to the southeast as sometimes we have planes or heliocopters flying in that direction. Suddenly began observing an object that remained in one area of the sky and at first thought it might be a plane in a holding position, but it is not near any airport. It continued to remain there and then another object suddenly appeared below it and slowly rose toward it, hovered for a few minutes and disappeared abruptly. Neither were airplanes or heliocopters as I grew up around aircraft with my father owning airplanes. I have also studied astronomy at the University of Oregon. These objects did not fit into any known classification that I know. The lights were brilliant. I looked through bionoculars that I ran into the house and got. Just as I adjusted them and spotted the main object that had appeared first and had remained when the second one left I could quickly see that is was round with a lighted dome on top which was filled with yellow light. As soon as I saw it, it disppeared. Three weeks before this time a very large craft flew overhead filling the sky that my husband saw coming home from work at 2:27 a.m. on a Wednesday three weeks before this sighting. I was asleep but woke to lights rotating around my front yard. I thought they were car lights although none had ever shown through my yard like that. I stayed in bed unfortlunately as my husband saw the object from his car and said it filled the sky, was round with lights all around it like fog lights. The moon was full that night and I asked him where he saw it as I knew where the moon was positioned at that hour and he kept sawing the moon was orange but it was not. It would have been white. One week later someone reported to our small paper that they had seen an orange object and wandered if anyone else had seen thus assuring that my husband had seen something. The night of my sighting he said he saw the object again. He wouldn't give me any details as he insists it must be military. Most usually say this as they cannot accept the possibility of an actual UFO. I have had two other sightings in my life many years back. I never believed until I had one. The first one was in May of 1973 Between Homedale, ID and Jordan Valley, OR and someone reported it in Vale, OR. There was a time loss in that sighting for me and a large, round burn mark appeared later on the inside of my left forearm. The doctor did not know what it was. I was somewhat fearful for sometime afterward. I never reported it. The other was in Florida in 1989 summertime and there were a lot of sightings going on and friends wanted me to go watch them and I refused. I was working in a restaurant called 'The Yearling' at Cross Creek, Florida when the electric shut off just as I was leaving work. I went outside to get into my pickup and noticed only that side of the road was without electric. Just as I was driving down the road an object thirty to forty feet above the ground slowly moved overhead following the road. It had three red lights behind it and made no sound. I kept driving and watching until it stopped over a dense area of woods where I saw a large red glow. I stopped the truck for a while, but thought I had better not go any closer so I left and went home as I wanted nothing to do with it. I have never reported these two incidents as who would take me seriously? I only know that I was a disbeliver before my first observation. Thank you for listening to me.
