{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-16 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5523314.json","updb_database_id":5523314}
extreme bright light, saw colored lights, rapid light movement

I saw this on Oct. 16, at about 3-3:30 am. I had gotten out of bed because I could not sleep, I always look out of my bedroom window when I get up... a habit. I saw, in the distance, above the tree line,a very bright and for lack of a better description, twinkling light.

It was a moon-bright night, and stars were out. I noticed this "star" because of its extreme brightness and I didn't remember seeing a star in that sky position before.
I first did think it was just a star but it was too different..
I got my small binoculars and looked at it.I steadied my hand on the window pane. This thing was a good distance from me and it didn't seem to move. 
When I steadied my hand, looked through the binoculars and I could get the best look at it. It had lights that were rapidly moving and I did notice that there were reddish lights and also what looked like fainter greenish lights. The object didn't move from location the whole time I watched it.
I looked at it for at least 10 minutes. 
I know it wasn't a plane, I see many planes day and night here, and it was not a plane.
The movement of the lights are hard to describe. They were so fast and constantly moving on or around the object. I could not get a photo has I have a small digital camera and the object was too far from me, it would have looked like a white blur.
It was fascinating. It wasn't high in the sky or far far away but enough that I couldn't see the colored lights except through the binoculars.
So after watchig it not move away I went back to bed at about 4:30 am.

I am up again very early, and I thought I would check to see if my "star" was still in positon. There is nothing there, where I saw it. The other stars are all viewable tonight and the moon is bright again. It is a true mystery to me what it was. I would like to say it was a UFO, but I don't know. I have never seen anything like it before. I would appreciate your take on this event and your feedback.. still looking skyward... Thanks for listening.
