{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-13 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5499314.json","updb_database_id":5499314}
{cak} For 20 minutes I watched a stationary, glowing inverted teardrop ufo that changed color three times, then faded in size and brightness.

My father was walking the dogs in the nearby hills, and called home just after sunset to tell my mother and I to look at a glowing unidentified flying object hovering in the sky. It was twilight, and the sky was a deep dusky blue and no stars had appeared yet. During the sunset, there had been a pink and purple glow on the clouds, which had now faded away. There was no longer any light or color glowing on the sparse clouds, which remained only on the horizon in the distance. At first glance the object appeared round, emitting a uniform bright, white light. It looked too much too large to be a planet, or a star and too small to be the moon, so I grabbed the binoculars for a closer look. That is when I noticed an unusual inverted teardrop shape and that the glow was slightly mottled, though evenly distributed, like the moon. There was not a basket below it as you would see with a balloon. The lower apex of the teardrop was rounded. We took turns with the binoculars and after a few minutes the object's bright white light color slowly began to change to orange. I snapped some pictures of the ufo in it's orange stage. After a few minutes the object began to glow a deeper orange with less intensity, and then slowly changed to a faded bluish-white glow and seemed to continue to fade in size and intensity of glow, but appeared to remain in the same position in the sky the entire time.
  I went back inside while it was still fading and at that point I was more than surprised that my sister called from Santa Fe, which is 30 miles away, to say she had been watching it too! 
  Today, I am beyond shocked to hear that people in Albuquerque saw the exact same object at the same time...Albuquerque is ninety miles from here! This object must have been a far bigger than any of us imagined! 

Please note: in the picture I took, the shape of this ufo was teardrop shaped but slightly IRREGULAR. A balloon would have had a very regular and symmetrical teardrop shape.
