{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-13 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5497314.json","updb_database_id":5497314}
{cak} 3 objects within our atmosphere arpox 20,000 feet up, illuminated or reflected sun light, as they hovered still for hours.

I take photos for Tahoe Action Photography at Alpine Meadows Ski Resort next to Tahoe City in the Lake Tahoe Area.

It was 12:30pm, as I was waiting for my next group of skiers a male skier who had just come off the ski lift started walking towards me but was looking up in the sky. I didn't think much of it. He asked me if my camera had a good lens. I was slightly puzzled but replied and said the lens is good but I can't zoom that far out, it only goes up to 55. I asked why, he said there was a guy on his chair lift earlier who said he saw 3 unexplainable objects in the sky. You could tell it was windy higher up because the clouds were going by at about 15-20mph. I looked up, didn't see anything and the guy I was talking to went on skiing but kept looking up as he went. 

I kept looking up but didn't see anything for about 5 min until there was a break in the clouds and that's when I witnessed the first one. Basically it looked like a white orb. If you really starred at it, it looked almost rectangular but that could of been just from looking at it too long? I moved over a few feet and waited a little longer for a bigger break in the clouds. After about 10 or 15 min there was a much clearer sky and you could easily see 3 objects that were all hovering perfectly still within the atmosphere between 15,000 and 20,000 feet I'd say just like the skier has said. I pointed it out to almost everyone within earshot distance to me. Everyone tripped out with wonder, excitement and a little uneasiness all at the same time.  

It was definitely not something you see everyday in the sky and everyone knew it.  By the time I left my station on the mountain it was 3:30-3:45pm and I saw that the middle object had move further south.

By process of elimination balloons were out because the wind was clearly blowing fast so balloons would have moved all over the place if they were tethered down. Aircraft, like helicopters were out because you would of been able to hear 1 let alone 3 if they were hovering, these weren't making any sound. Even small drones were out because they eventually have to refuel. If it was military why would they remain stationary in an area that could be hit by passing aircraft? 

I witnessed the same thing about a year ago above the city of Reno. Very similar thing, it was pretty high up, looked like an orb of some sort, remained stationary for a while then slowly moved in one direction alone a straight path till I lost sight of it.
