{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-03 02:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120125","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5283314.json","updb_database_id":5283314}
Two lights perfectly in line extremely bright appeared outside my bedroom window

I was sitting up in bed just having used the toilet, turned off the light and folded my iPad away and put it down on the table next to my bed when two lights extremely bright came on at the same time illuminating the whole room, I would say they were just behind the tree line (trees not very high, they had to be fairly low as my sight of vision put these lights in the centre of the window). These were perfectly still for about two seconds.
In a split second they went out but from my side window I saw a flash of light disappear to the right from my side window at phenomenal speed.
The lights must have stayed bright as they shot off as they kind of faded smaller as they went into the distance seemingly heading over the small village of South Brent in the Dartmoor direction. The speed they went off was mind boggling. I have never seen anything move so fast and there was no noise whatsoever, total silence, as the window was open. I use a fan at night to keep the air fresh so as to help me sleep.

No 1/ when the lights came on there was two lights, perfectly in line, set apart, extremely bright and focused not like the sun where the light spreads out, this light was tight and whitish blue in colour, extremely bright. White on the inside, blue aura around it.
No 2/ the lights appeared to go out but I don’t think they did, I believe they appeared to go out due to the speed of travel which seemed instantaneous like 0- to whatever. I believe this to be the case as the illumination I saw from the right window faded very fast as it disappeared toward the Dartmoor direction. What I am describing was at an unbelievable speed. Oh, and on shooting off there seemed to be a somewhat slight orange tint to the lights on disappearing to the right through the second window.

I am not a person who lightly reports things, I did not consume any alcohol last night, I just felt a need to report this as someone else may have seen this in the same region or area. That’s all. I am 65 years of age.
My email address refers to a Gibson guitar not a ufo. I admit I am interested in this phenomena but I have never witnessed anything like this before. And I don’t believe it was a natural event. I must admit it felt eerie.
