{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5493314.json","updb_database_id":5493314}
{jpg} Travelling home on secondary highway, saw HUGE silvery object with several

We were driving. Stopped at a traffic light in a very busy intersection on highway. My passenger said: DO YOU SEE THAT!!! I said no I have to watch the traffic (not knowing what he was referring to). He said once you get past the intersection pull off. I did but it was not safe being a highway with a narrow shoulder. I looked at where he was pointing and was amazed at what we saw. I only got a quick look at it because I had to continue on. What I saw was: a very large object that appeared flat and rectangular, silvery almost transparent. What he saw was: a very large spherical/oval shape, silvery with several lights that emerged and flew about the larger object. When I was able to glance at it again it was at that time it suddenly disappeared or became invisible. We were both excited, awed and felt "wow, there are UFO's" which means there are others out there. We then drove home and talked about it a lot but didn't report it or anything.

The next day I was driving to work and on the radio a listener tuned in to ask the broadcasters if "anyone saw what I saw over Tsawwassen yesterday morning? I don't know what it was but it was HUGE." The radio then went silent for about 30 seconds, then music came on. I continued to listen but there was no further mention of that question or occurrence.

We both have had small incidences of sightings after that, mostly while camping; but one other "incident" happened while we were living up North.

It was a Fall night, totally clear sky and we were admiring how beautiful and plentiful the stars were. My friend pointed out a slow moving object. I said satellite, he said no, watch, it changed direction, stopped (hovered) and sped up. He watched it for a while. I glanced around looking at the moon admiring how beautiful and clear it was in the night sky when suddenly a very solid beam of light shot out from the moon to a distant object (star?). I exclaimed OH MY GOD. My friend looked over and saw what I saw. The beam was straight, white like a light bulb and solid and considering the distance it was large. It eventually retracted. While we stood there talking about how amazing that was, like, "beam me up Scotty", it happened again but this time it shot out and retracted almost instantly. 

I have no doubt there are things that exist we know nothing about but maybe one day we will.
