{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-16 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5505314.json","updb_database_id":5505314}
{cak} driving back from wichita ks suddenly saw huge lights to the S.Then another sighting.

Was driving back from Wichita Ks headed east on hwy 400 just west of Fredonia Ks. My wife was asleep passenger side. The sky was clear, when suddenly i saw bright lights south of my location quite high in the sky. I suddenly hollered at my wife too look and she did, and exclaimed WOW! I then slowed down, realizing their was no traffic near me, and then it flashed again with 7 bright lights. I have been on high alert because of incoming meteor showers as a result of Comet Ison. I then suddenly told my wife their was a meteor shower, then i realized they weren't streaking across the sky. They was stationary. I had too go take a whiz anyway so i pulled over, and looked in the direction of the (at this time i realized it was a craft of some sort),craft.Suddenly it lit up again, and stayed lit up for about 4 seconds.Then it went dark, when suddenly a second craft lit up to the side of it a little lower with the exact same light configuration, then it went dark and the original one re-lit for lack of a better term. I was tremendously excited at the time and don't know why. I was terribly saddened because the trip was a sad one over a death in the family, but for some reason i was elated! I am a Navy Veteran, and was trained too spot objects. This totally freaked me out, and i really wanted to go to it for some strange reason, but i had too get home. My wife is handicapped and was saddened over the death of her brother. I just wanted to get her home, but i really wanted to go towards the lights which out here in rural Kansas would've meant driving over pasture ground. At first glance of the lights i thought the object was in the upper atmosphere because i was expecting seeing meteors, and i guess my mind was prepared for that. Its weird for me though, my first thought at seeing the first object, was that it was high in the atmosphere, but i should've realized it couldn't have been. I waited for the lights to reappear but they didn't. I found myself looking back to the west as i went east repeatedly even though not safe to do so at high speeds. The lights of the object were mostly yellow but the middle lights were whitish. It appeared to have sides where the other lights were so it had a slight hexagon shape i would guess. BTW if this is the same lights Ive heard about from my mother shes been seeing them for some time. She lives over 14 miles from them. She told me about them about a week ago, and said they go up about 500 feet or so light up good then go back down. This is a regular occurrence according to her. I know pretty dang close where they appear then. I don't know if its a new plane of the Governments or not but i felt elated at the time of the event, and got depressed afterwords, don't know why. My wife said they was stationary
