{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-03-06 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287314","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/314/mufon-5287314.json","updb_database_id":5287314}
Observed a ufo hovering over a field.

Back in 1996 I walked across the street from our duplex at approximately 6am to catch the school bus. Across the street from the bus stop in the opposite direction of the duplex the other students and I noticed the sphere -shaped object hovering over the field. It had several lights which seemed as if they were rotating with another tier of lights that appeared to be flashing. The main surface of the craft was a shiny metallic color which appeared to have windows going around the whole craft. After noticing the craft I ran back home and asked my mother for the instant polaroid camera so I could have proof of what I saw. She denied me the use of the camera and demanded I go back to the bus stop so i wouldn't miss the bus. When the school bus arrived the bus driver and the other students were in disbelief of what we were seeing. As the bus driver drove away all the students were climbing on seats and each other to get a glimpse out the emergency exit door for one last view of the saucer. We begged the bus driver to go back one more time but he clearly stated he never seen a ufo before and he was not trying to find out what it was capable to do. I really only told a few people because even with a whole school bus of witnesses not one adult at the time took me serious. Im only recently coming forward with this information because the government has released to the public that their are ufos. Im not saying that there were aliens aboard the craft because nothing exited or entered the craft while i was present but It was most definitely a ufo.
