{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-17 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5496237.json","updb_database_id":5496237}
{nd} We were hiking back country and left the trail. Used a compass to navigate to the edge of cliff for the night. We sat a while and I looked up and saw it. It begun moving in a vector out of sight. It returned several times in different directions.

I was on a weekend trip in the back country near Ricketts Glen PA. We drove into the woods and parked the car. We did not find the trail head we had initially set out for but set off anyway. We hiked a few miles up the mountain before the trail ended where a tree had fallen. We walked around and observed evidence of mountain lion den. We had observed remains on the trail and spider holes on the ground in the area of the den. There we left a blaze on a tree and left the trail in search of a suitable over night location. We used a Google Earth image and a compass to navigate the woods to a cliff which we identified on the image. Here we set up on a large out cropped rock and began establishing a site. It was still early in the afternoon and there were few clouds in the sky. While we rested on the rock I looked up and first observed the star like object; which momentarily appeared to be stationary, but quickly began to move in apparently unnatural manner toward the tree line across the sky and over and behind us. It did not move fast and appeared to just cruise on a vector. The motion was smooth and with out sound or acceleration. It did not appear to be very high at this time. At first I did not exclaim or make my observation known because I still questioned if it was real because it was so unnatural to me. After a few moments it reappeared high above us, travelling parallel to the tree line now and not in the direction it had disappeared originally. At this moment I exclaimed "O man, I see it." At which time my two companions looked upward to try and observe what I had. My male companion was unable to see it through an over hanging pine and my other companion saw it immediately and explained she had observed them before and just ignores them. My other companion did not make an effort to change his perspective and was never able to observe the object. I continued to watch for several minutes as the vehicle flew at rapid speed in and out of my view. It would disappear on one side of the horizon and reappear on another side. It did this several times, almost as if to impress upon us its ability. It made a final pass parallel to the tree, high in the sky, and I focused hard on the object attempting to see it more clearly. I was able to make out the appearance of a tear drop shape with the widest end forward. It appeared to be slightly a-symmetrical however, and also appeared to be spinning around the axis of travel. After this pass the object disappeared.  

I also find it relevant to include that I had experienced a close encounter of another kind several years earlier but was unable to explain it at the time. This inspired several years of research on my part, which included learning of possible telepathic ET's. In the days before this event I had throught heavily about my past experience, the presence of ET's on our planet, and mentally requested, if at all possible, a visit of this kind. In the moments before I glimpsed upward it had occurred to my mind that it was possible they could be near. The object remained in my site, until only a short moment after I mentally acknowledged I had seen enough. During the time it was above us I did not think or speak,only observed. The male party that did not see the object is my closest friend and my female companion, who did also observe it, was my romantic partner. She is an educated, open minded, and highly empathetic individual. I have a degree in engineering, and had done previous research on this subject. It may also be relevant to include, given the social context of our species, to include that I am of northern European descent and my partner's origins are of south west Africa. This was my first sighting, and I have not been contacted since.
