{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-03 04:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80871","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5479237.json","updb_database_id":5479237}
{nd} object hovered at north window. noise and lights woke me from bed the went to East window

I was asleep in bed when I heard a sound and a strong light at my North window. It lit up my bedroom despite black out style curtain that was not completely set to block out everything. At first, I thought someone was in my back yard with a flashlight. Then I saw this spherical thing at my East window which only had blinds where I could see something of what it was. It was about beach ball sized and it had a single red light about 3" just above center. There were other lights that were golden white, Blue white and a few tiny blue lights. They were mostly on all the time though some went out for a bit before coming back on. My bedroom was lit up fairly bright. The object then move back toward the north side of my house where I noticed a red light on my white painted wall. It was just weird about 1" in diameter size and was about 6 feet off the floor and about 3-4 inches from the wall and about 4-5 feet from where I was in bed. This went on for several minutes as it seemed to turn a few inches toward the south before returning to where it began. It then blinked out. Suddenly, a very bright blue white light appeared in the same spot where the red light disappeared and I felt like I was hit with static charge. I threw off my blanket getting ready to run but I then became frozen in a half rise position from the bed. After what seemed a minute, I felt myself begin to float where a secondary light behind the blue white light appeared that was sort of purplish white. I then suddenly dropped back on to the edge of the bed where I tumbled onto the floor. I was sort of stunned by the fall that I climbed to sit back on the edge of the bed where I looked up and saw what looked like a sort of face in a hazy way. It was sort of like a people describe as a grey I guess but it also did not really look like the traditional depictions either. I am not really certain I can explain in words but maybe I can draw it or someone with art skill can help. This face remained for about 40 seconds then there was a big flash of light like photo flash. The object outside was on the north side of the house as I could see a bit of it about 10 feet off the ground where it went straight up. I needed to go to the bathroom and went where my abdomen hurt. I discovered a half moon 2nd degree burn there at about 3-4 inches across. 

I have not slept in my bed room since and it bothers me that I had such a burn on my person. 

FYI: Bedroom sits in the Northeast side of the house with a North and east wall. Only 2 windows. Additionally, Neighbor dogs barking wildly but then those dogs always bark 24/7 so that owners or other pretty much ignore them. But on night in question they were barking very aggressively. I did look at my clock when the light switch from North to east window as it was right next to my head. It showed 4:19am So event began a few minutes before that and It was 4:57am when I went to the bathroom.
