{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5474237.json","updb_database_id":5474237}
Polished Black Tetrahedral-ish craft with golden spherical aura-like shield; moving east to west. First appeared in east as a star-like golden-brown light; very big light, then saw it full.

BISMILLAH
Peace be upon you;
Around the 1st of January 2015 (I am saying around because that is the date I wrote the event down in my diary with... I lost the diary... So the date is approx. but I can guarantee, it happened in that time-span)
First: 
I was 13 years old, 
and had given up UFOs and stuff for months.
We live in the flat 401 which on the left: eastern side to say.

It was night;
I was doing my homework in my room as normally; but my mother was lying behind me, on my bed (due to some reason). She asked me to close the window, so I normally got up and went to the window.
Infront of the window (to somewhat left) is a Function Palace. 
I saw; at first a star-like figure (by star-like I mean the twinkle star we draw when small, made up of simple straight lines, that are simply horizontal, verticle and diagonals), it was a light, as if a reflected beam of light, I knew it was NOT a distant star, because this star-like light formation was too close to be star, it had a golden brown colour, it moved towards the west: towards Arabia. 
It continued moving west when it finally lost its star-shaped figure. 
It now was a spherical golden-brown aura (like some sci-fi high-tech shield). It opened from the virtual center of the side which I was watching, like something from a moving. And lo!
It was a tetrahedral-ish polished-black craft, with somewhat crystal-gray(ish?) apparent from windows. 
Naturally, I immediately started calling out everyone, I went into my grandparents' flat and called everyone, they came.
My brother came into the balcony and when I pointed towards it, 
he said: "It's just a normal airplane, duh." 
Only my other brother believed me. Still, I could see it:
Clearly a POLISHED BLACK TETRAHEDRALISH AIRCRAFT WITH NO WINGS OR CYLINDER! 
My mother saw it too and was surprised.
Thank GOD, I immediately drew what I saw and wrote down in detail. 
The next day, suddenly I found a weakness inside me, I was unable to speak at times due to reasons unknown, I simply found it hard to do so, and had some weird dreams that night (maybe abduction?).
I rest my case, GOD is my Witness.
