{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58873","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5500237.json","updb_database_id":5500237}
{cak} while trying to take pictures of the moon i unknowingly got pictures of objects i didn't even know were their please contact me

This past Sunday i decided i wanted to get some pictures of the super moon. I live in a townhouse development so in order to see the moon I had to wait for it to rise over tall structures. So about 7:45 i started to take pictures and i continued to take pictures for about an hour and a half . My first reaction to my pictures is that they weren't that good . Later on that night i started to look through the pictures and what i seen in some of them i just can't explain. The first one I really noticed was in the back ground of a picture i took with my wife my first thought was I got a plane in the picture but when i zoomed in it had the shape of a top and was a light green color. I then began to look at all the pictures I had taken. I have a few more pictures with these green objects that have shape not just a blur. Then i looked at some of the first pictures and i found a sequence of three pictures where there is a green object that is in a different position in each picture. The real kicker came when noticed that in one of those pictures there was another object. This object is flat dark grey in color and three white points of light and two red points of light. IT'S NOT A PLANE!!! I am not a big believer in ufos and I really didn't see any of this with my eyes but what my camera caught i can not just write off and assume i know what it is. I took all of my pictures in raw format and are completely untouched, but I do not wish to openly display any of these pictures until they are seen by someone who can give me an explanation or tell me that they are indeed what I think they are. I am eager to hear back from MUFON thanks for reading
