{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3111,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5468237.json","updb_database_id":5468237}
{td} Object was miles away traveling on a straight path. It changes path to zigzag after I waved at it & was soon in front of my 2nd story window.

I was in bed but not yet asleep. I got the urge to go on my porch (2nd floor) to look at the sky.
About a mile away (?) I saw an object with blinking lights in a half circle pattern - the lights were parallel with the earth.
Because I had seen a large red, shiny object with circular windows hovering above the ground to my right as I traveled south through Georgia just a week before, which just disappeared before I got to it, I felt it was the same 'object/UFO and, get this, I waved to it.
Immediately the object changed it's flight path to a zig zag' but was still going forward as if to say, 'Yes, we're letting you know we are NOT an airplane'.
That type of movement went on with me often thinking I had lost it behind cloud cover, but within a few seconds it would be visible. But usually a bit higher or lower than it had been before. It was truly a zigzag pattern.
All of a sudden the object was very close and very low ... a bit above the tree tops.
I felt no fear - just feelings that I, somehow, knew this object with it's it bright circular lights flashing in an unusual way.
I decided to grab my phone to take a photo, although I never planned to show anyone.
Interestingly enough, I totally forgot I'd even taken a photo. (I do think they can make us forget whatever they want.)
The photo I submitted shows three lights still together, shining brightly but not 'glaringly' -- but in the split second it took to take a photo, the two other lights had left the formation and can be seen glowing more dimmly as they depart.
In the blink of an eye there was nothing there but the trees and noises of the night insects.
Was I afraid - no, as I said before it all seemed familiar to me.
More has happened since the night I saw the UFO. (I've seen it twice more....) And twice since then I've head whirring noises during the night which has scared me to death, plus two instances of a very bright flash of light in my bedroom at night which instantly pulled in upon itself and disappeared. One time was when I heard that whirring noise above my roof.
I believe I've been abducted a few times since that night on my porch.... and possibly before.
But that's another story. I'm not afraid... plus being afraid won't stop them...
