{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-06-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5287237.json","updb_database_id":5287237}
Went to bed, next to the window, which was open. Back of house adjacent to Golden Gate Heights Park. Saw a large disk float overhead, no sound.was

As an 8 year old boy, I would look out of my bedroom window (open) at night out at the small park adjacent to the house. I was sent to bed as usual. After a bit, I noticed the crickets stopped chirping. I looked up and saw this disk float overhead at slow speed (10 or 15 its?). It was larger than the house was long. It was maybe 100 feet above ground elevation. It came form the east, was headed due west, towards the Pacific, and parallel to Quintara St. It had a small "beavertail" section in the back. Lights undulated on the bottom of this disk, like light reflected off of a pool, except it undulated every color of the spectrum. It was kind of odd, the lights looked like it shined on the underside of the disk, not emitted from the disk. It was absolutely silent. I do not remember it leaving. I do not know how long it took to fly by, not too long. I do remember a bit of panic on my part, jumped out of bed to tell my mother in the living room on the there side of the house. I was met with disbelief and scolded to get back in bed. Well past my bed time. I was insistent, but, well, Mom's win those discussions. Took a long time to sleep after that. The next morning, around 5 or 6 am, my Mother was getting ready for work and was watching the early morning news. She literally dragged me out of bed, half yelling "is this what you were talking about!?" Crystal clear in my memory, the reporter was talking about multiple reports of UFO's over San Francisco that previous night. "Yes, Mom." I was always told I just saw a helicopter or a balloon. I always knew what it really was. I suspect I had an interest in aviation because of this, and have become a major airline pilot, and drove nuclear submarines before that. The part I do not share, is the recurring nightmare of those SOB's standing over me, unable to move, unable to scream, and a needle going into my right eye...  I seem to remember I was in third grade at the time, puts me at 8 years of age, sometime in 1973? Those details are fuzzy after some 45 years, but not the events of that night. Will never forget. There may be news archives, something from the morning news TV shows, but never tried to look past a google search if any of the others had a sighting like that about then, in the area. Never could find any of it. Wasn't sure exactly what the entities were, until quite a few years later, when I saw a cover on the new book, "Communion." I just started to shake when I saw that cover. Now I'd recognize them as "greys."
