{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-07 23:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5499237.json","updb_database_id":5499237}
{cak} Orange Fireball Over Kansas City 08/07/14

I was on duty as a private officer working the night shift in midtown Kansas City, MO. I was in my Crown Vic. It was just before Midnight. An orange light got my attention out of my left peripheral vision. I looked to my left which would be due south of my position. I was surprised to see an orange fireball the size of an aspirin at arms length. It was moving at the speed and altitude of a satellite descending to the southwest. I grabbed my camcorder and began filming. It looked like a campfire in the sky. It was obviously flaming but leaving no trail or debris. My camcorder began going in and out of focus. I began to lose sight of the fireball as it went behind telephone polls and buildings. I got out of the Crown Vic to attempt another shoot, but it was no good. It was gone. The whole thing happened in probably just under two minutes. Initially, when the fireball was due left of me at approximately 9 o'clock (i.e. 45 degrees), I was struggling to remove my camcorder from my backpack and the zipper got caught in the threading. By the time I got it out the fireball had traversed considerably further to the southwest. In the short time that I filmed it, as the camcorder came in and out of focus, I managed to obtain two distinct focal points. When I got off work, I transferred the film to DVD. I was able to zoom (i.e. magnify) the images to the 4th power. What I was hoping to see is what I refer to as a "Light Signature." A pronouncement indicative of an energy source. I was not let down. What is evident in all of the images, both focused and unfocused, is something white-hot at the center of what appears to be a flaming ball of orange plasma. It is evident that the orange plasma is secondary to the white-hot intensity of what lies at the heart, or the center of the anomaly. Ever-so-often the object or objects at the center, because in many cases I was able to count as many as four would suddenly emit a searingly white-hot burst of light that would flood the whole chamber of the surrounding plasma, and immediately return to an orange fireball with a white-hot center. At this point I am just filled with amazement. No answers. Sounds did not sync up with video for some reason, so we opted to mute the video.
