{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-22 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520237","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2859,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/237/mufon-5520237.json","updb_database_id":5520237}
saw lights on cloud and stooped to see craft come down and turned left

Was returning to kenosha with a freind on a county road traveling east, I noticed a light shining on a cloud, it remided me of a pizza driver looking for an address. Told my freind to stop and he pulled over. I saw the light stop and what I thought was a helocopter come down between 2 clouds. was a bright moon that night an I could make out the cloud shape. I was decending towards us , I would guess at about 45 degrees up coming down slow. It had 5 total lights on the front of it. reminded me of the old round head lights on the 50s and 60s cars and truck. three light in a row and then 2 lights under the top three, spaced evenly. We got out of the car and it got closer to us and my freind got scared and went back to the car. I got really nervous and thought he was going to leave me there so, I ran back and got in the car and looked out the windshield. It got around 2 light poles away from us and I could make out a window above the lights because there was a soft light inside, it turned to our left and was moving very slow like a air balloon. When it turned I could see the bottom real clear, Had an round/oval shape ,longer than wider, it had what looked like plexiglass panels with a stop sign like shape in the center bottom, some were blueish and some were purpleish and they changed in brightness but, nothing in time , just randomly. In the back lower of it i saw a light come out on each side but, not at the same time. reminded me of a flame on a gas stove and had the shape of a flashlight beam. I couldnt hear anything and had the windows down. It wasnt very high over the wires and in the middle of its left turn I stared at the window, I could make out a figure that looked human, I could see a shadow from the waist up, looked like he/she was standing looking out to the front were the lights were shinning. I floated to our left until we lost it in the trees. To me it moved like a ballon with control. We talked about it and decided that it must be from Great Lakes of another goverment place. But, I never sen anything like that again and wanted to report it before I forget a lot of the details. it happenend a little over ten years ago and the memory still bothers me.
