{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-19 19:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501500","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2475,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/500/mufon-5501500.json","updb_database_id":5501500}
Saw spherical light travelling across the milkyway west to east very high up and very fast

UFO Sighting
19 June 2014 Approx 19:30 CAT
Centurion, Pretoria, South Africa
Description of sighting:
At about 19:30 myself and my partner where outside for our nightly walk with our cat when I looked directly up 90 degrees to the horizon and saw a spherical light travelling very high up at a great speed because we only managed to see it travelling across the entire sky for about 4 seconds. That same night there was also a power outage in the Centurion and surrounding areas so it was a very dark night. There was also no moon so the sky was incredibly dark. I am an amateur astronomer and I could see Saturn very clearly with my standard store bought telescope which is on a normal night never possible due to light pollution. The spherical light was about the size of Canopus (much bigger than a satellite) and from my experience looking at the sky was very high up so with the short time we could follow it I do believe it was travelling at vastly high speeds. Centurion is near two major airports and we watch airplanes come and go constantly and they take sometimes minutes to cross small patches of horizon. This object covered the entire sky in about 4 seconds. The spherical light travelled straight for most of the distance but did make a curved adjustment before coming back onto its straight line this took hardly a full second. This object was also travelling in the area of the sky that is the Milky Way and this is also why it stood out so much against all the stars we observe nightly. The object was travelling west to east and just travelled straight out off our field of view.
After seeing the object my partner and I were feeling quite excited as we truly believe this was a legitimate sighting. We have had suspicions before but with this there was no doubt for either of us.
