{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-21 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524500","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/500/mufon-5524500.json","updb_database_id":5524500}
bright yellow orbs, then blue-green orb

Went on a night hike with boyfriend and sister off saddle peak road just north of Topanga Canyon in Los Angeles, CA. Hanging out, star-gazing, and taking night photos with great views of Los Angeles (at close to 2600'). Noticed 3 very bright yellow lights to the N, NE that appeared to be hovering, but figured they could be helicopters or planes moving directly toward us in some sort of formation. Then a fourth light blinked into view next to the other 3 and we noticed a 5th bright yellow light away from the group to the NW. Tried viewing through binoculars, saw no blinking, just steady bright yellow/white light. Called to my sister, who had her camera set up on a tripod, and told her to zoom in and take a picture to see if we could tell what they were. As she was switching lenses and trying to get a photo, all three of us saw a large, bright green-blue orb of light very rapidly descend as if free-falling over by the 5th light to the NW. It moved in a straight line down and slightly to the north then blinked out while still in the sky. No clouds were in that area and we saw no meteor-like "tail" on the blue-green orb. It seemed way too close and large to be a meteor and appeared to be about 45 degrees above the horizon. My sister and I saw it from start to finish and my boyfriend, who was initially facing me, saw my reaction and turned to look in the same direction in time to see most of the descent and the blinking out.

Immediately afterwards, we were all amazed by what we had just witnessed and were basically repeating to each other, "holy *$#!+, what was that?!" We heard a bunch of dogs barking in the distance and, within less than 5 minutes of the event, we counted at least 7-10 aircraft in the immediate vicinity, with the typical flashing/strobing lights. An additional two planes flew almost directly over us at very low altitude with almost no discernible engine noise. These planes had a bright white unblinking light at what appeared to be the tip of each wing, 2 white unblinking lights toward the front, and one red light that blinked on occasionally in the middle. No red/green navigation lights. Although we didn't get photo/video of blue-green orb, we have video of aircraft response immediately afterwards and pictures of the bright yellow orbs that appeared before the incident. 

We continued to see an unusual number of aircraft in the area and also to the west, over the ocean, for the 30-40 minutes we stayed out there. Then, on the drive back, we noticed a bunch of aircraft that seemed to be hovering or moving very slowly over the ocean. We checked Webtrak once we got home and it showed nowhere near the number of aircraft that we counted in the area. We also noticed that flights in the area - perhaps coincidentally - diverted from typical flight paths observed at the same time on other nights. 

We are all very mystified by this event and want to know if anyone else witnessed it or has information that can help explain it.

My boyfriend also wrote a description of the event: 

"Around a quarter to ten on August 21, 2011 (I'd say between 9:45 and 9:51), we were out stargazing in the hills between Topanga Canyon and Malibu. There were patchy clouds and low-hanging mist along the coast, but the area in which we saw the object was certainly clear. Turning at the reaction of my girlfriend, I caught the object (whose undetermined proximity to us felt much closer than any craft or meteor) halfway through its brief descent before it abruptly dematerialized. The object was bright, though a white solid body was visible amidst a glow that changed from yellow to green just prior to its disappearance. I perceived no tail, which would normally indicate a meteor or a small fireball. Before and after this incident, but especially after, the sky was pockmarked with the lights of aircraft which did not register on flight tracks later investigated. Not long before the object appeared, we noticed a strange pattern of various aircraft suddenly "winking on" one after another (as if someone were flipping switches) without any previous indication of their presence."
