{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498500","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/500/mufon-5498500.json","updb_database_id":5498500}
{dr}Fiery Trail of Light

Fiery Trail of Light

In the early hours of Wednesday, October 15, 2014 at 12:06 a.m. I was looking at some various lights that had been moving but not able to capture on film.  I was using my binoculars, and placed them down for a moment, only to notice the last full second or so of a fiery bright yellow/orange trail of light that dove at about an 80 degree steep slope directly into the Blue Springs Lake.  

It would have entered at about direct north, or 360 degrees direction.  Depending on its distance away, there would have been many places in the lake that it could have entered. But since there is a building accumulation of nearly exact location headings that have been accumulating since May, my estimate places it at about a mile from my observation point at home.  The magnitude of brightness was at least 
-10. This means that it was as bright as a half moon. The frequency of such sightings is once in 2 years.  

This now makes the third object of a 1meteor1 like nature in 6 months. However, all of the meteors that I have seen over the years are extremely brief flashes across the sky. None have taken 2 seconds or more in their flight that I have observed1  The trajectories of all three that I have seen since May have gone to the same place within yards of each other. The statistical probability of this occurring in the same spot on earth is so high that it defies calculation.  From the vantage point of entry from my observation point however, the odds would be 36,663.85 x 1064 to 1.

Most meteors burn and are visible very briefly as the air molecules ionize.  They occur 
high in the meteoric area of the atmosphere. This region is at altitudes higher than 65 miles. 
Another item:  Very bright meteors do not reach below 9-12 miles of altitude as their fragments decelerate and are no longer visible if they reach the ground. Therefore, what I have witnessed three times now, including this last one, were not meteors.

Within 2-3 minutes, two planes headed directly toward the same spot. One overflew the Blue Springs Lake and the other on a parallel and slightly tangential course just to the western side of the Lake. Neither plane was seen to return after flying over.

The attached photo is a file photo of the precise location of the occurrence, although it was at night. The line shows the steep angle and location.
