{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525500","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30253","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/500/mufon-5525500.json","updb_database_id":5525500}
it was amber with the naked eye and seemed to faintly flash colors like blue and white

I live in the outskirts of Salem in farm land and there is almost no light penetration from the city so the sky is unbelievably clear. I have seen explainable things in the sky EVERY NIGHT for almost 2 and a half months. My first sighting was over an onion field at around 9:30pm so the sun had set but the sky was still in a twilight state and i saw a bright white light hovering which seemed to be hovering about 300ft off the ground. As I was staring at it it blinked twice and then went out completely and just vanished. I heard no noise. The whole sighting lasted about 30 seconds from the time i noticed the light from the time it disappeared. I started watching the sky at night since then and ive seen bizarre things every night and not just one sighting a night multiple sightings of different kings of objects and different colors. Last week i saw a formation 3 bright red flashing lights that were silent and only red no other exterior lights and they went one by one in the same direction fallowing the first. One would almost disappear from view then the next would appear. The same night i saw 4 orange solid lights blink into existence over a different area and disappear within a 10 minute period. They flew over a hazelnut orchard and looked like they would speed up then slow down then speed up again and they flew like that till they disappeared. I could go on and on. The most frequent craft i see are amber colored and seem to flash hints of other colors like blue and white almost as if it were like a ball of fire and i can see them hover for hours and the whole time they bob up and down and sway back and forth ascending and descending as they very very slowly make their way across the sky almost as if it was observing the ground. Im not sure why im not hearing anything about UFO sightings in Salem Oregon but i suggest someone looks into it because the amount of activity here is phenomenal i am trying desperately to get my hands on a good video camera to get some footage. Maybe some investigators should look into making a trip to see some Oregon lights it would be so worth it!
