{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-20 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468500","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/500/mufon-5468500.json","updb_database_id":5468500}
{cak} Alien ship appeared and upon being assaulted by an alien, my dog was killed and the aliens left.

I was outside, eating some deep fat fried chicken, with my two year old Boston Terrier barking at me for some of the aforementioned chicken, which was deep fat fried. Suddenly, some lights appeared and a triangle shaped ship landed on the ground. My dog, named Iggy, ran towards the UFO, barking angrily at it. I ran after the small pooch, when an aura, resembling a flame, was launched from the upmost tip of the triangle onto the ground at a diagonal angle, causing Iggy to run back to me in fear. From the aura, two Alien beings slowly appeared on the ground. They were tall and muscular, with their figure resembling an ape, however the upper body from the shoulders up was constructed from a steel like material, but colored a bright red. One of them appeared to be bigger and more muscular than the other, which I assume to be male. I took a step back, when the larger alien approached me, it put its hand on my head. Upon this, I saw various events, like memories, both ones that I myself vividly remember, and ones that I either do not remember, or are just not mine. I used to take boxing lessons when I was younger, which I did see vividly during this sequence of events. I was terrified by this, but I also felt a strange melancholy. After the alien removed its hand from my head, my vision was returned to Earth. I picked up a stick to quickly assault the visitor, being taken up in my own fear, when the Alien creature quite surprisingly got into a boxing stance, which I assume an Alien beast would not know. I was stunned for a second, when the creature jabbed at my face, sending me to the ground, but keeping me conscious. As I laid there, Iggy ran over to bark at them, when the smaller Alien picked up Iggy, causing him to instantly calm. They then returned to the ship, and the ship flew off, where I then fell unconscious.
