{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-10 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511500","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46866","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/500/mufon-5511500.json","updb_database_id":5511500}
(GS) 7:45 i heard noise under trailor, went outside and saw flying by me, my mouth dropped i just watched, had blue,green,orange yellow in front of it and a tail

on 9-10-11 at 7:45 pm, i lived in the yavapai desert approx. 15 miles sw of seligman,az.i heard a noise under my tralior i thought it was an animal, so i grabbed my fifle and wentoutside walked to the front of my trailor, i held my rifle as in a position to shoot, as soon as i got to the front of my trailor i saw a large flying obect that appeared tome to be on fire, i lowered my rifle pointing to the ground and my mouth dropped to the ground, i watched this object fly by it seemed to me to be in slow motion, it was disc shaped and it was horizontle, wtih blue, green orange and yellow flames on the top, it also had a tail, don't remember the color. i watched it until it went over the mountains going toward seligman arizona. i thought to myself that if it crashed it would be a very bad explosion. i didn't hear anything. this object was quiet as it flew by me. it was very low and seemed to be going the way of highway 40 ne. i ran in my trailor called my friends and they didn't believe me. so i grabbed my camera and start taking photos of the sky sw area of the sky. there were no lights from city or homes as it was in the desert, it was dark outside. the next morning my friend called me and told me that a ufo had been seen in arizona nevada and california. (not so crazy now) i transfered the photos from camera to my computer as i have a large monitor. they photos were dark of course it was dark outside. i noticed little red spots in the photos and so enlarged them, to my surprise i captured many lights and objects in the sky. i shared my photos with friends and they said that on of the crafts looked like the uss enterprise. obviously they thought it was a joke. but it was acctual crafts in the sky.
