{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T00:21:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 40463687, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870858555531688, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d151-aawsap-dird-cognitive-limits-on-simultaneous-control-of-multiple-unmanned-spacecraft-december-15-2010.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870858054750621, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d151-aawsap-dird-cognitive-limits-on-simultaneous-control-of-multiple-unmanned-spacecraft-december-15-2010.pdf", "source_sha256": "7535e88d474d47ec980b7e35a394f532b297aafb1e32170e044bcc1a7b016402"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ ,<FOR QFFI&il.t.k WSli 8,.kY


                          Defense
                          Intelligence
                          Reference
                          Document
                          Defense Futures

15 December 2010

ICOD : 8 September 2010

DIA-08-1101-001


                          Cognitive Limits on
                          Simultaneous Control of
                          Multiple Unmanned Spacecraft


                          UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFl&IAL 148! 9HtY
                    UNCLASSIFIED//F&R &FFIOIAl l118E 8Hl¥


Cognitive Lim its on Simultaneous Control of Multiple
Unmanned Spacecraft


          The Defense Intelligence Reference Document provides non-substantive but
          authoritative reference information related to intelli ence to ics or methodolo ies.


Prepared by:

Technology Warning Division (DW0-4)
Defense Warning Office
Directorate for Analysis
Defense Intelligence Agency

Author:

AAP Person 73


COPYRIGHT WARN ING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.

This product is one of a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2010
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace
Weapons System Applications (AAWSA) P~ra!i ~m= o:auestions pertaining to
this document should be addressed to jAAP Person 1               ~ AAWSA Program
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, Al      :J A - u       0 - , Bldg 6000,
Washington D.C. 20340-5100


ii
                    UNCLASSIFIED//liQlil OliliiliCiliil,l Wili Qtlb¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFl@IAL Y!H! 8HL'I


Contents
Summary................................................................................................................iv

Chapter 1: Introduction ......................................................................................... 1

Chapter 2: Measurement of Mental Workload ........................................................ 3

   Subjective Measurements .................................................................................. 3

   Performance Measures ....................................................................................... 4

   Physiological Measures ...................................................................................... 4

       Cardiac Function ............................................................................................ 5
       CNS Measurements ........................................................................................ 6
       Ocular Measurements..................................................................................... 6
       Skin Measurements ........................................................................................ 7
       Serum Levels of Hormones ............................................................................. 7

Chapter 3: Studies in Cognitive Workload for Air Traffic Controllers ..................... 8

   Modeling the Air Traffic Control Task ............................................................... 15

Chapter 4: Studies in Command of Multiple Semi-Automated Vehicles ................ 18

Chapter 5: Discussion .......................................................................................... 22

Chapter 6: Conclusions ........................................................................................ 23

References ........................................................................................................... 24


Figures

Figure 1. One-dimensional Representation of Changes in Performance as Workload
Varies ..................................................................................................................... 2
Figure 2. Typical EKG Signal for a Normal Heartbeat .............................................. 5
Figure 3. Air Traffic Control .................................................................................. 10
Figure 4. Representation of Performance Results from Brookings Study.............. 13
Figure 5. Information Processing Model for a Human Operator............................ 16
Figure 6. Examples of Unmanned Military Vehicles .............................................. 19

Tables

Table 1. Variables used in Determining Complexity of the Traffic.................. 11
Table 2. Correlations among Physiological Variables ..................................... 14


                                                                                                                           iii
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OPPICI.AL YSlii &PU,¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFl@IAL Y!H! 8HL'I


Cognitive Limits on Simultaneous Control of Multiple
Unmanned Spacecraft
Summary
Space exploration 40 years into the future may include manned missions to parts of the
outer solar system. A possible scenario may include sending a small fleet of craft with
different primary missions. For example, a trailing spacecraft of nuclear powered
electromagnets designed to shield the manned part of the fleet from solar radiation;
halo spacecraft with powerful radars to scout for incoming objects; exploration and
mining craft, etc. The fleet could regularly travel out of unaided visual range of each
other, joining up when necessary for maintenance, exchange of materials such as fuel,
or other necessities. Piloting these multiple craft could be economically accomplished if
only one remote pilot on station at a time was necessary.

The cognitive limitation of a human astronaut and his ability to perform the multiple­
vehicle piloting task is the focus of this paper as little work has been done in this
specific area. However, a large body of cognitive research on the limitations of object
supervision and tracking for the task of air traffic control (ATC) exists. Additionally,
there is an emerging body of research concerned with multiple unmanned vehicle
piloting for heterogeneous missions. These are the two areas reviewed in detail as they
relate to possible spacecraft missions.

Pilots develop an internal mental representation of the identity, position, mission, and
current direction of relevant objects. This is referred to colloquially as "the big picture."
The primary research question we seek to answer is whether there is a cognitive limit
to the number of objects that can be monitored and tracked within the big picture.
Secondarily, we seek to find whether this maximum number is limited by the
complexity of interaction; how those limiting factors are described, whether there is a
real-time objective measure that indicates when a pilot is approaching his maximum
capacity, and whether that capacity has been exceeded. The maximum number of
tracked objects is highly dependent on the complexity of the piloting and mission tasks
at hand.

Research is lacking in the area of cognitive limits on the number of spacecraft one pilot
could control given any mission scenario. Currently, two models are being used to
examine similar activities in air traffic control and remote piloting of multiple unmanned
vehicles. In both areas it has been shown the cognitive limits on the number of craft
capable of simultaneous control is 16 for simple destination selection, 7 for moderately
complex piloting and/or mission task completion, and 4 for complex heterogeneous
craft. While additional future research may help to increase the automation component
of aircraft and mission control, no current evidence exists to show that a complete
mental picture can be maintained for more than about 16 objects at one time, even
with external working memory augmentation. However, it has also been demonstrated
that physiological variables can be objectively employed to indicate overload. Nominal
success has been achieved in classifying physiological states near high workload thus
enabling both prediction and possibly prevention of overload.


iv
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ ;<FOA: OFFICiI.\k W&li 8Ptl¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR QFFI&iIAk WS& 8,.klf


Chapter 1: Introduction
Due to the complexity, duration and numerous support requirements of future manned
deep-space missions involving exploration, mineral exploitation, and possible
colonization, a likely scenario will be the inclusion of unmanned fleets of support craft.
Coupled with other requirements, an intensive research program is needed to
investigate the cognitive limits on pilots and other operators responsible for the
simultaneous control of multiple unmanned spacecraft making up the support fleet; a
"fleet' approach is proposed in an effort to optimize safety and exploratory reach. This
research effort would also aim at maximizing the functional efficiency of the mission
and reducing the operation costs of unmanned vehicle fleets.

In this scenario there is much about the ancillary craft that are automated in both
navigation and mission. Many of them will not require full-time piloting but given that
they could be hundreds of miles from each other at any instant of time, they need
monitoring to prevent unseen system failure or collision from letting them just
disappear one day during the mission like a Martian probe. Accomplishing this
monitoring task and the occasional piloting task for multiple craft in the fleet could be
economically accomplished if only one remote pilot on station at a time was necessary.

We will focus here on the cognitive limitation of a human astronaut to perform the
multiple-vehicle piloting task. It is not a surprise that there is little work in this specific
area - in fact there were zero peer-reviewed articles in the major journals concerning
remote piloting of multiple spacecraft (published in the last 30 years). There is
however, a large body of cognitive research on the limitations of object supervision and
tracking for the task of air traffic control (ATC). There is additionally an emerging body
of research concerned with multiple unmanned vehicle piloting for heterogeneous
missions. These are the two areas reviewed in detail as they relate to possible
spacecraft missions.

When a pilot or ATC operator is in control of several craft they have developed an
internal mental representation of the identity, position, mission, and current direction of
each object tracked. This is referred to colloquially as "the big picture." This mental
representation is also called situational awareness. Keeping all of the information about
all of the objects straight as long as they are in scope is the goal.

The primary research question we seek to answer is whether there is a cognitive limit
to the number of moving objects that can be maintained in the big picture. Secondary
questions are whether this maximum number is limited by complexity, how those
limitations might be described, whether there is a real-time objective measure that will
indicate when a pilot is approaching their maximum capacity, and whether that capacity
has been overloaded.

For the current treatise we will consider only traditional humans as pilots. Cyborg­
enhanced astrobots are a topic for another tome.

In discussing cognitive limitations, it is useful to introduce the concepts of task demand,
mental workload, and a simplistic model of multiple resource theory. For a given task,
the gross level of neural activity required is a representation of the mental demands of
the task. Of course, a complex task can demand varied resources such as visual and
                                                                                             1
                  UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIJl!tt tl!H!! 8,.klf
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OSSICIAl WSE 8HLY

audio processing, and this is where multiple resource theory enters: different resources
can be considered independent if demands on one resource do not tax the availability of
capacity of the other. Performance of a task can be high or low: in general if spare
capacity is available, performance is high, and if capacity is limited or exceeded,
performance is low. Moreover, task demand enforces a fixed theoretical relationship
between mental workload and task performance: this is shown in Figure l.

               Relationship between Workload and Task Performance


     High
                                        Performance


                                    Workload
     Low

               D         Al                   A2                    A3          B         C


                                    Task Demand

     Figure 1. One-dimensional Representation of Changes in Performance
     as Workload Varies. Task demand increases to the right. In the three A
     regions, performance remains unchanged : A2 is optimal, where a trained
     operator exerts minimal effort to maintain a set level of performance. At times
     of low demand the operator exerts effort to maintain vigilance (Al) until
     demand is so low, the subject disengages from the task (D). The workload curve
     is not well defined at very low levels of demand (dotted lines). At the other end,
     as demand increases, the subject can exert effort to keep up with demand (A3) .
     Additional effort maintains performance until degradation begins (B), and in the
     overload condition, region C, performance is degraded beyond acceptable levels.
     While effort is maintained in overload, some low level of performance exists.


2
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI@IAI: WSE OHl:l/
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ j POI\ OFFICIAL ttSl!! 8HLY


Chapter 2: Measurement of Mental Workload
There are three approaches to measuring mental workload in a subject performing a
primary task. The first is subjective evaluation, either post-hoc self-report
questionnaires concentrating on how "busy" one may have felt, or an experimental
observation of activity. The second is performance measures, an objective evaluation of
how well the subject completes the primary task, a secondary task, or an
experimentally inserted reference task. The final approach is to record real-time
physiological measures, with the assumption that increased workload increases anxiety
and this will be exhibited by changes in the autonomic nervous system (ANS).


SUBJECTIVE MEASUREMENTS
Self-report measures are appealing because they get inside the mind that was
performing the task. There is no absolute objective scale to measure one person's "fully
occupied" from another person's view of the same state; however, through rating
scales and self-drawn graphs, one can obtain an accurate picture of how perceived
workload evolved during the experiment. Perceived workload is important because it is
what needs to be maintained between a subjective minimum, where attention may
wander, and a subjective maximum, where increased emotion may decrease
performance capacity.

The most frequently used standardized self-report tools are the NASA Task Load Index
(NASA-TLX or just TLX) and the Subjective Workload Assessment Technique
(SWAT) .1 , 2 , 3 .4 The TLX is a subjective workload assessment based on a multi­
dimensional rating questionnaire. An overall workload score is derived based on a
weighted average of ratings on six subscales: mental demands, physical demands,
temporal demands, own performance, effort, and frustration. SWAT is a two-step
assessment of three workload factors: time load, mental effort load, and psychological
stress load. In t he first step, hypothetica l activities are ra nked according to perceived
workload. In the second step, the experimental task is eva luated post-hoc, using a 1-3
rating scale for each of the three dimensions. An interval scale of workload is derived,
from 0-100, based on the reference data collected for each subject in the first step, and
the evaluation of t he experimental task. A custom self-report can also be designed by
the experimenter to specifically focus on the research questions in a given experiment.

The second type of subjective measure is evaluation by an expert observer. In this type
of measurement, assumptions are made on the mental activity of the subject based on
the activities being performed. The advantage of th is approach is that there is minimal
variance per-to-person if the same evaluator is employed. The disadvantage of this
approach is the outside observer can miss workload mu ltiplyi ng factors such as task
complexity contributing to an overwhelmed feeling by the subject. An example of this
approach is the concept of utilization. In ca lculating utilization it is assumed that the
subject must cognitively address one issue at a time in serial order. The measure of
utilization is percent t ime busy, or addressing any issue, as opposed to waiting or
monitoring for the next event. In general is it observed for control and supervisory
tasks that at around 70% utilization performance begins to degrade. 5 Arguably not a
perfect measure of workload, utilization has the advantage of simplicity, objectivity,

                                                                                           3
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOA OFFI&IAL l:ISI! er•t I
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OSSICIAl WSE 8HLY

and a quantitative scale, allowing it to be used in threshold detection and prediction, as
well as in computer-assisted workload balancin g.


PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Laboratory, reaction time to an event stimulus is a typical real-time measure of speed.
Outside the laboratory, in a more natural environment, speed is an indirect measure of
a subject's ability to keep up with a given rate of events. a Accuracy is measured in
both the laboratory and naturalistic environments: for example, in an air-traffic control
task, properly handing off a plane to the next controller, as it leaves the first
controller's monitored airspaceb, is measured as a successful task completion.

Performance, when utilizing a secondary task, is accompl ished following two paradigms.
First, in the dual -task paradigm, performance on the secondary task is required and
primary task performance is thus an indication of workload. For the second paradigm,
instruction is given to maintain the primary task performance, and performance on the
secondary task is thus a measure of "space capacity" for additional workload.

Care is required in selection of secondary tasks in order to ensure they affect the
resources one wishes to probe. For example, in a driving scenario, a minimally
intrusive task is to push a button on the floor or steering wheel when a light flashes in
the field-of-view of the driver. This visual "detect-and-respond" task adds to what is
primarily a complex visual and motor coordination task that probes the capacity of
visual attention. 6 This is different than a seconda ry task utilizing different resources,
such as having a conversation while driving. When planning the paradigm, a model
needs to be developed that treats (or explicitly ignores) individual tasks and
interactions among them.

Reference tasks are executed before and after primary tasks. Typically reference tasks
focus on trending in performance due to effects such as fatigue. One important case of
reference tasks is to normalize an individual's current capacity for mental workload.
Such a pre-performance measure can be used to adjust maximum workload to
compensate for day-to-day variation.


PHYSIOLOGICAL MEASURES

The human nervous system is anatomically divided into the Central Nervous System
(CNS) - and the Peripheral Nervous System (PNS). The CNS includes the brain and the
spinal cord. The PNS is made up of the somatic division, which innervates the skin,
voluntary muscle, and joints, and the autonomic division, which mediates visceral
sensation as well as executes motor control of smooth muscle, viscera, and endocrine
glands. The autonomic division consists of sympathetic, parasympathetic, and enteric
systems. The sympathetic system mediates response to stress, wh ile the
parasympathetic system works to maintain homeostasis and conserve body resources.

• Reaction time is not typically measured in real-time in the field as events occur at unplanned ti mes. Post-hoc
analysis can resolve reaction times down to a comparable resolution to innate motor reaction variance, on the
order or lO's of msec.
b Contrary to what a layperson may think, the vast majority of errors in air traffic control do not result in coll isions
or even near misses; rathe r they are mistakes In procedure.


4
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&I:wk WS&: ONlY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAR AEEICl.'1.k W8f! er•tt

The enteric system executes control of smooth muscle. Although the CNS and PNS are
anatom ically distinct, they are functiona lly intertwined. When discussing the function of
the autonomic division, it is customary to refer to it as the Autonomic Nervous System,
or ANS .7

Changes in global arousal or activation through changing workload can result in
changes in physiological activity. These measures are advantageous as changes are
measurable continuously, in real-time, and usually unobtrusively in a naturalistic
setting. The drawback of using physiology alone is that there is no direct measure of
primary task performance.


Cardiac Function
Normal beating of the human heart produces a distinct and repeating pattern of
electrical activity measurable throughout the body for any two sample points that cross
the chest.c The typical electrocard iogram signal is shown in Figure 2.


                                                         R


                                     p                                          T


                                                     Q
                                                          s
Figure 2. Typical EKG Signal for a Normal Heartbeat. Portions of the waveform are labeled P, Q,
R, S, and T.

Detection of the R-wave allows measurement of frequency, time,d and amplitude. For
continuous monitoring, heart rate measurements will vary considerably and in a non­
linear fashion; therefore, the measurement of inter-beat-interval (IBI), the time
between R peaks, is more normally distributed in the absence of signal, reducing noise
in the measurement. 8 Averaging the heart rate over minutes of task performance and
comparing to baseline yields a reliable estimate of increased metabolic function. 9 An
additional measure is the heart rate variability (HRV), calculated by dividing the
standard deviation of IBI by an average value of IBI within a sample period. Additional
measurements can be made by decomposin g the spectra of HRV into low, mid, and

c In fact,a typical introductory physics course for life science students will include a laboratory experiment where
the heart rhythm is measured between electrodes located on the right wrist and left ankle.
d This time measurement is properly a phase measure ment, with the phase relative to some reference event.


                                                                                                                  5
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ OfflelAL WS& €OIL¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR QFFl&IAL l:ISI!!! Brit I

high frequency components which have different noise contributions (for example, core
temperatu re changes, blood pressure or speech, and respiration, respectively) .10

Blood pressure and its variability can also be measured. For continuous monitoring, a
finger cuff filled with water match the inner-arterial pressure and can be used to
monitor variability . 11


CNS Measurements
Measurement of brain activity can be unobtrusively recorded using low -cou nt
electroencephalography (EEG),e or the minimally obtrusive techniques of EEG, near­
infrared spectrometry (NIRS), trans-cranial Doppler sonography (TCDS), or the non­
invasive laboratory techniques of functional MRI (fMRI), magnetoencephalography
(MEG), or positron emission tomography (PET). The latter three techniques are for
brain research only and do not have any current naturalistic research studies (although
see Genik 12 for a prognosis on generation-after-next technologies including NIRS, PET,
fMRI, and MEG).

EEG measurements are typically divided into spectra and the relative power in the
bands 0-4 Hz(!\), 4-8 Hz (0), 8-13 Hz (a ), 13-30 Hz(~), and 30-100 Hz (y). NIRS
measures the BOLD effectt and is related to localized y activity . TCDS measures CO2 as
the byproduct of localized increased metabolism and is also an indirect measure of
neural activity which has been shown to be related to vigilance. 13 For EEG experiments
in mental workload, changes are typically reported in the 0 and a bands, though more
recently ~ and y bands have shown sensitivity .14

Event-related potentials (ERP) are peaks of activity measured at the skin indicative of
several tens of thousands of neurons firing coherently for a short time. For example, a
well-studied cognitive ERP is P300, a lO's-of-msec-wide bump in the EEG signal
occurring 200-400 msec after an event. Some success in utilizing a task-irrelevant
secondary aud io stimulation and NlOO has been shown, 15 but little further development
to this approach has been found in the last 15 years.


Ocular Measurements
Measurements involving eye fixations, dwell t ime (temporal length of a fixation), and
pupillary changes are well established metrics of workload in visual searching tasks. 16
Add itiona l measures of ocular changes include bl ink rate, blink duration, bl ink latency,
and eye movement. These are recorded using one of various types of eye-tracking (ET)
or electrodes to measure an electrooculogram (EOG). ET data will include position of a
fixation and the time of each eye movement (or saccade), whereas an EOG on ly
identifies the time that the muscle controlling eye blinks or eye position activated.


• Low-count EEG is generally less than 10 electrodes, and usually 3 or 5.
r The Blood Oxygen Level Dependent (BOLD) effect is a local change in the oxygen saturation ratio near neural
activity due to metabolic and vascu lar action . This change is detectlble in the infrared spectra .


6
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OPPICI.AL l:ISlii &PU,¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFI@IAL tt.!l! 014Ei

Skin Measurements
The ANS controls the opening and closing of sweat glands in response to stress and
anxiety. These changes can be observed by measuring electrodermal activity, typically
skin conductance response (SCR), 17 but also skin potentials (SP) and skin temperature
(ST). A standard score of these measures can be calculated by collecting resting state
data prior to the task interval.


Serum Levels of Hormones
Hormone levels are direct results of activity in the ANS. It is natural to want to
continuously monitor certain stress hormones such as adrenaline or cortisol. The
difficulty lies in measurement time - typical fast assays of salivary cortisol still require
about 15 minutes. 18 Until reliable in-situ monitoring is available, serum levels of
hormones will only play a supporting role in establishing baseline capacities or post­
incident analysis.


                                                                                               7
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL OSI! or•tv
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI@IAL l:l!H! 9HLY


Chapter 3: Studies in Cognitive Workload for Air Traffic
Controllers
There are a few areas of research applicable as analogues to the piloting of several
aircraft. The largest of these areas analyzes the supervisory functions of air traffic
controllers (ATC). In a typical ATC duty environment, a single operator is responsible
for many fully-autonomous aircraft. ATC is either airport- based or en-route. Airport­
based facilities include ground control, local control for active runways (Tower control),
and approach control, which in the US is called Terminal Radar Approach Control, or
TRACON. A zone of air-controlled space assigned to a specific control center is that
center's sector; similarly, a given controller is responsible for a sector of airspace.
Between airport-controlled sectors, aircraft are monitored by an en-route facility.
TRACON is the most cognitively demanding function in this chain. Terminal controllers,
as ATCs are called at TRACON facilities, are responsible for departures after take-off,
and approaches and flyovers within about a SO-m ile radius of the airport.9 Approaching
aircraft need to be vectored by the controller into an appropriate flight path for landing,
avoiding all other aircraft in the air or soon to be in the air, and then handed off to the
Tower controller for landing and ground instruction. Departing flights and flyover traffic
mainly need to be monitored for conflicts. Approaching aircraft are by far the most
cognitively challenging in the ATC task. Images of air traffic controller environment and
displays are shown in Figure 3.h

Errors in flight control are called anomalies in the industry. The most common aircraft
anomaly is deviation from flightpath in en-route sectors. This anomaly is corrected by
pilots themselves or after instruction from the appropriate ATC. The most common ATC
error is miscommunication between controllers in an aircraft handoff between sectors. 19
A study in 1997 by the National Academies showed that ATC errors occurred in both
high and low workload conditions, as predicted by overload and disengagement. 20

In looking at the cognitive limits in ATC, we should seek where typical controllers enter
the B region of workload. Traffic load defined as simply the number of aircraft does not
by itself show the complete picture of ATC workload. In a study of professional
controllers in 2006, Boag recorded subjective measures of workload and reaction time
when static air traffic displays were presented. Displays included air traffic conflicts of
differing complexity that required resolution. Complexity in the display was objectively
ranked using the Method of Analysis of Relational Complexity (MARC). 21 Results showed
that a relatively small number of aircraft can greatly increase the perceived workload.
Boag concludes that perceived complexity is the number one factor in determining
workload, and that although conflicts are the major source of complexity in the ATC
task, and these can be modeled somewhat using a combination of aircraft separation
and trans ition 1 variables, individual differences still have significant impact on when a
controller may reach overload. 22

9 Each  facility will vary in TRACON sector radius. For smaller airports, TRACON functions may be performed by a
nearby en-route fac ility.
h Of historical note in the US Air traffic Control industry was the industry -wide strike begun on August 3, 1981 , by
the nearly 13,000 ATC specialists. Only 1300 obeyed a Presidential order to return to work under the " peril to
national safety" provision of the 1947 Taft-Hartley Act. On August 5, 1981 the remaining 11,345 controllers were
fired and banned for life from federal service. The FAA rebu ilt the force to pre-strike levels during the rest of the
1980s. This event resulted in a dearth of research during the 1980s on air traffic control professionals.
1 An aircraft transition is an event such as landing, hand -off to another controller, or entering/leaving a sector,
where a sector is defined as a controller's airspace of responsibility.


8
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAR AEEICl\k W&li 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED//EOR QfiFIQl.lik 1!181! er•t I

In a post-hoc examination of sources of human error in taped controller data, Chang
developed a conceptual model of ATC task within a system of human, software,
hardware, and environment using the SHEL23 approach of ergonomics. This study also
examined several aspects of personnel management, but when overload was exam ined
as the source of error, it was shown that all factors need to be considered along with
their interaction. That is, the human and the external task cannot be considered in
isolation of the environment of the other humans, and the augmentation capabilities of
software, hardware, and the performance environment significantly affect error rates. 24

Operator overload can result in subsequent errors if sufficient recovery time is not
allotted. Di Nocera examined specific error rates after short periods of overload. The
first part of the study successfu lly proved that these so-called post-completion errors
existed in times immediately after peaks in workload. The second part of the study
examined whether an augmentation tool to assist in medium term confl ict detection
could reduce these errors. The subject population included 18 military ATC of varying
experience. Workload was based on self-reported NASA-TLX. Results showed that
augmentation processes helped junior controllers, but senior controllers were
unaffected by the assistance. 25


                                                                                           9
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ j POI\ OP"flCIJltt 1:181!! 8Hk\S
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /iOR QFFl&IAL YSI!!! t>flt I


                             a                                                          b


                                                          C

     Figure 3. Air Traffic Control: a) overview of a large TRACON facility . Potomac is pictured . b) A
     single ATC TRACON station . Beside the radar display is a stack of memory aid blocks when the
     controller writes essential aircraft information - as long as there is a physical block to the right,
     there should be a corresponding "blip" on the screen. c) TRACON display from Minneapolis-St. Paul.
     On this display are aircraft under control (undesignated), as well as craft from 3 other controllers,
     East (E), North (N), and Ground (G) . Below each aircraft name is controller designation, altitude in
     hundreds of feet, and airspeed in tens of knots.


10
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOlil OFFl&IAk Ulili Ql'lk¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI&ilsT.tk WSE 8HLV

Lamoureaux researched in 1999 whether a proposed ATC augmentation system could
safely allow smaller distances between aircraft and thus increase traffic capacity
without building new airports or runways. Pairs of aircraft were characterized based on
their direction of travel and separation as shown in Table 1. During the task, operators
rated their instantaneous perceived workload on a five -point scale roughly
correspond ing to D, Al, A2, A3/B, and B/C.i Operators were prompted for their self­
assessment once every two minutes. The experiment was able to generate self­
assessment values between 1 and 4; no overload conditions were generated in this
study. Using a model based on task variance and complexity of current aircraft under
control, the researchers were able to predict perceived workload 74% of the time, but
more importantly, were able to predict a self-rating of 4 for 80% of the cases.
Predicting the boredom value of 1 was less successful, at about 60% . Besides the
numerical predictions, the authors conclude that complexity of the task drives perceived
workload . 26

Table 1. Variables used in Determining Complexity of the Traffic relationship between pairs of aircraft. Using
four variables with three thresholds gives different classes of complexity . For example, an aircraft pa ir could be 5
miles apart (3 to 7 threshold), traveling in the same lateral direction, flying with 2500 ft of vertical separation (>
2000ft), and both straight and level. There are 81 such combinations .


                Threshold
                                          Low                              Mid                             High
Variable
Lateral separation                    < 3 miles                     3 to 7 miles                        > 7 miles
Lateral direction                   Same direction                Opposite direction                    Crossing
Vertical separation                     < 800 ft                     800 to 2000 ft                     > 2000 ft
                                                              One straight, one climbing            Both climbing or
Vertical direction             Both straight and level
                                                                    or descending                     descending

Physiological indicators of stress were measured at two low-traffic control centers
(Fayetteville, AR and Roswell, NM) and one higher traffic center (Oklahoma City). Heart
rates were measures along with hormone secretion levels in urine. The urine specimens
were pooled before analysis into two groups throughout a 5-day workweek: during the
8-hour workday, night time after work. Additionally, controllers completed the State­
Trait Anxiety Index before and after each workday. Results showed that lower traffic
centers exhibited lower stress levels, and that the best biological indicator of stress was
epinephrine levels from urine rather than HR. The authors concluded that traffic load
and complexity were the main sources of stress in the ATC task rather than the nature
of the job itself. 27

A straightforward experiment to look at physiological responses using EEG and EOG to
lapses in attention during ATC tasks was performed by Peiris in 2005. The goal of the
study was to categorize expert analysis of EEG/EOG data to develop an automated
analysis program that could read the data online without human intervention to alert
operators to attention lapses and low levels of alertness. Professional ATC operators
were given 10 minute intervals of the psychomotor vigilance task (PVT). Recorded data
was evaluated by several human expert EEG and EOG analyzers. These experts were
not able to correctly identify alertness or attention lapses (EEG identified only 6 of 101

J In this study, t he A3/B rating described "Non -essential tasks suffering, could not work at this level for long, " while
8/C described getting behind and losing situational awareness.


                                                                                                                       11
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL tJ!H! 8Hklf
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAA QFFl&IAL l::ISI!! 6flt I

lapses). Peiris concluded that a built-from-scratch automated system is needed to
identify subtle features, especially in the low-count electrode EEG (5 electrodes). 28
In the definition of complexity, it is important to note that one should not focus entirely
on a single aspect of the ATC task in the laboratory. Donald defines complexity in two
aspects: task complexity independent of the event rate, and ancillary aspects of the job
in a naturalistic environment. The complexity of the task as a whole needs to be
considered instead of focusing on a single aspect such as monitor and detect and the
rate at which this task can be completed. 29

The naturalistic environment was in fact utilized by Brookings in 1996. 30 Moreover, in
situ measurements were conducted by Collet in 2009. 31 Both studies examined TLX
ratings, as well as several ANS variables. Brookings additionally utilized EEG.

In the Brookings study, three simulated TRACON sessions were conducted. The first
session varied traffic volume between low, medium and high levels, while the second
session varied task complexity at a constant rate of aircraft. The third scenario was
conducted with an overwhelming number of aircraft, the goal being to take
physiological data in the condition where situational awareness is lost. k

The traffic load variance session lasted 45 minutes with three 15-minute sessions where
the controller was required to handle 6, 12, and 18 aircraft; the order of presentation
was counterbalanced across subjects. Other complexity factors, such as the ratio of
overflights, arrivals, and departures, were kept constant.

In the complexity variation session, the number of aircraft was kept constant at 12,
while various complicating factors were modulated. Changing complexity factors
included:

•    Altering the ratio of arriving to departing and flyover traffic.

•    Changing the probability that a pilot didn't hear or failed to execute a controller's
     instruction.

•    Increasing or decreasing the heterogeneity of aircraft type.

In the overload session, 15 aircraft were presented in 5 minutes.

Physiological variables monitored included heart activity using two electrodes on the
chest, EOG using electrodes around the eyes, 1 respiration using elastic transducer bands,
and 19 channels of EEG using a cap outfitted with a standard 10-20 configuration.m
Task performance points were awarded for successfully handing aircraft, minus any
points for operational errors such as separation conflicts, hand-off errors, and missed
approaches. TLX ratings were recorded between workload conditions during a designed
1-minute lull in traffic. The simulation was considered quite difficult, even for
professional Air Force ATC, and participants were required to practice until they didn't

k I n colloqu ial terms, ATC call this " losing the picture."
1 Electrodes are pointed out here as more recent methodology could use infra-red optical devices to record heart
and ocular activity.
m The standard 10- 20 configuration refers to electrodes every 10%/20% of the total distance between right ­
left/anterior-posterior anatomical markers. A 10- 10 configuration would include twice the electrodes, etc.


12
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA 8FFI&IAL l::ISI!! 8HLY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFl@IAL li!H!! 8HL I

crash any planes in any of the scenarios - this required approximately 6 hours of
practice per participant before the experiment was conducted .

Only one of the eight controllers in the Brookings study rated the overload condition as
a loss of situational awareness. The resu lts compared the TLX, primary task
performance, and physiological measures to low, medium, and high workload conditions,
as well as the max or overload cond ition. Primary task performance is represented in
Figure 4 (this chart was recreated visually from the source chart to accurately represent
all trends), showing a trending effect for complexity but not volume. Additional results
showed that changes in task difficulty (volume or complexity) produced changes in TLX,
eye blink rate, respiration rate, and the EEG power spectra. The EEG power spectra
were different for changes in volume versus changes in complexity. There were no
observed significant correlations with heart rate or heart rate variability. The authors
conclude that psychophysiological data can be used to accurately measure workload in
real -time, an observation they note confirms earlier work on F4 crew members
performing flight tasks of modulated complexity. 32

The Brookings data was reanalyzed by Wilson in 2003 using an artificial neural network
approach as well as a stepwise discriminate analysis t o classify a physiological state as
either operational or overloaded. Wilson successfully classified the overload condition
consistently in more than 98% of the cases. The authors admit an issue with
psychophysiological variation (day-to -day) that would need to be normalized and
further research is required. 33

        100
                                                                               □ Volume

                                                                               ■ Complexity

        80                                                                     □ Overload

  -
  Ill
  C
  ·o
  a.
  G)
  (J
  C
        60
  ca
  E
  -
  ~
  0
  ~
  G)


  -
  C.
  C
  G)
  (J
  ~
        40


  G)
  C.
        20


                    Low                 Medium                  High                  Max
                                                  Workload
Figure 4. Representation of Performance Results from Brookings Study. 30 Shown are the three scenarios
with modulation of traffi c volume, complexity, and the overload condition . Note that the Low workload entry for
the vol ume modulation performance (6 pla nes) was already 80% and this was sim il ar to the 12- pla ne medium
complexity performance . Only the low complexity, 12-plane scenario showed near 100% primary task
performance .
                                                                                                               13
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ JFOR OFFICIAL 091! er•tY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ lfQR OEFICitk W&li 8HLY

The more recent Collet study recorded 5 ANS variables from 25 participants during real
ATC operations. The population, mean age of 44, included only fully qualified operators,
who were monitored for one hour during TRACON duty at Saint Exupery International
Airport (Lyon, France) . Correlation analyses were performed with the number of aircraft
the operator was currently controlling . No adjustment was made for task complexity;
however, data were acqu ired between 6 and 9 PM local time to collect medium and high
workload data . Each participant handled between 1 and 10 aircraft during the study.
The results of the correlation analysis are shown in Table 2. The authors conclude that
changing the number of aircraft for professional ATCs produced correlations in
physiological measures for SC, SBF, and IHR. 31

Table 2. Correlations among Physiological Variables in a study of air traffic controller workload
modulation with variable number of aircraft. NA: number of aircraft; TLX: NASA self-report workload
metric; Std SC: normalized skin conductance; Std SP: normalized skin potential; Std SBF: normalized
capillary blood flow measured through the skin; Std ST: normalized skin temperature; Std IHR:
normalized instantaneous heart rate. Bold values show significant correlation. SC, SBF, and IHR show
significant correlation with changes in NA. Normalizations (standardizations) were performed against
baseline data per subject to decrease inter-subject noise. 31


                  NA            TLX          Std SC        Std SP      Std SBF      Std ST
NA                1
TLX               .98           1
                  p<.001
Std SC            .93           .89           1
                  p=.002        p= .008
Std SP            .77           .67          .91           1
                  NS            NS            p=.005
Std SBF           - .97         -.94         -.87          -.7 5       1
                  p<.0001       p= .001       P=.02        NS
Std ST            - .79         - .80        -.62          -.43        .82          1
                  NS            NS            NS           NS          NS
Std IHR           .98           .95           .97          .85         -.93         -.88
                  p<.0001       p<.0001       p<.0001      p= .03      p=.002       p= .005


Adaptive automation (AA) is the rebalancing of workload between the computer and
human . Low workload levels can be supplemented with usually routine tasks that will
keep the operator attentive, while providing the subject with additional mission
information . Th is "extra information" may not be critical, but it will keep the subject
from disengaging from the overall task. The goal of AA is to maintain peak performance
of the system, in the Al to A3 reg ions. Kaber studied AA in terms of a simulated ATC
task in 2005. Forty non -professional participants were monitored for primary and a
probe secondary task performances. Results showed that primary task performance
was greatest when AA was added to the system. 34


14
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ }Fdk OFFICIAL 091!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOR 8FFI@IAL tt91!! Dfltt


MODELING THE AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TASK
Like any profession, ATC personnel experience day-to-day variation in performance,
and there are natural variations between controllers. In order to study these differences,
mentioned in most of the studies detailed above, a model needs to be bu ilt of the
controller, the environment, and the task, with the goal of locating where the majority
of changes may be occurring, and where any augmentation may be best suited to assist
in performance.

Specific to the air traffic controllers, the major variation source found when studying
large variations in performance was disruption of the circadian rhythm leading to a
disequ ilibrium condition described as a biological instability. Fortunately, no fancy
technology system was required to solve this particular problem, just proper human
resource management to avoid frequent shift switching. 35

Loft proposed that modeling the ATC task complexity and workload is insufficient to
predict performance due to the overriding effect of operator decision strategy . ATC
operators can select priorities, manage their own cognitive resou rces, and thus regulate
their own performance. The primary relief for the ATC operator is handing off traffic to
another local operator. 36 Our overall top ic is concerned with a single pilot in a space
environment, where no room full of colleagues exists to take up the slack; therefore,
such group modeling techn iques are outside the scope of the current treatise.

We do note that Loft develops excellent single-task descriptions of time pressure,
conflict detection, conflict resolution, etc.

As shown multiple times in the preceding section, single-task processing t ime and
intensity (difficu lty or complexity) are the primary drivers of workload. Developing a
model connecting time, intensity, and effort, Hendy shows how decision time connects
a time-intensity-effort loop {Figure 5). Hendy contends decision time is the single
variable dominant in workload. Within this loop model, increasing the event rate is akin
to increasing task difficulty . The adaptation strateg ies are developed with traini ng and
experience, a possible exp lanation of the difference in junior and senior performance
with augmentation aids.

Averty contends that ATC workload cannot be directly measured, but must be inferred
from a quantifiable mixture of includ ing objective and subjective measures . He breaks
down the controller task into monitoring, vectoring, and conflict solving, and develops a
refinement of the NASA-TLX ca lled TU. Averty's Traffic Load Index is based on number
of aircraft, but each aircraft is given additional weight according to processing
requirements on the controller, including both cognitive and emotional weight: for
example, aircraft with path confl icts to resolve are given the highest weight, while
isolated flyover traffic is given low weight. The authors conclude that TLI needs to
include physiological inputs as well to fully model the task-controller interaction .


                                                                                          15
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR QfifilGilJ.k YSI!! f>Ht'I"
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OFFICl,CL tl.!l!! 8HL'&'


                    II Intensity f                                          States:
                                                                            Fatigue
     Decision Time <= Task load + Processing Rate                           Motive
         sec)          (bits)      (bits•sec 1)                             Anxiety...
                                                                            etc.


                                                  increases


                        Decision Time + Time available ⇒ Time pressure
                            (sec)           (sec)
                                                              TimeI     I
Figure 5. Information Processing Model for a Human Operator. 37


In modeling the controllers themselves, one can look to selection efforts and find which
candidate skills are the best predictors of training success. Pre-strike data (see footnote
h on page 9) of ATC training showed that strong candidates had skills in spatial
relations, abstract reasoning, and math as well as oral decision-making . 38

In designing a model, it is tempting to engage subject matter experts (SME) to
estimate the demand of various resources within a multiple resource model of ATC.
Cohen studied SME predictions of workload within a model of 7 channels (visual
perception, auditory perception, spatial information processing, analytical information
processing, verbal information processing, manual activity and speech). The authors
concluded that using the 7-channel multiple resource model with the SME approach
doesn't work for predicting workload in the ATC task. 39

Hancock has written extensively on the multiple-resource model of cognitive task
performance under stress. He points out that functional brain imaging studies clearly
show resources are separated anatomically, providing evidence that the multiple
resource model should not be abandoned in future research. 40

One model that was proposed was that local visual distractions interfered with cockpit
ATC tasks. The model has attractiveness given the incredible complexity of cockpit
displays and the popular notion that in-vehicle distraction is the root of all evil for
automobile driving. Iona proposed that a tu nnel display for in-cockpit ATC information
would reduce the effect of outside visual distraction and increase primary task
performance measures. The authors concluded that this type of augmentation has little
effect on trained professional pilots in performance of their duties. 4 1


16
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOA OFFl&l.t.l:: Y!U! 8HLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL tt.!! 8HL>f

In an essential foundation study for introducing forms of augmentation to the ATC task,
Wickens modeled the dual task environment of pilot traffic avoidance using alarms to
augment detection of conflicts. The primary task was maintaining aircraft flightpath
using a simulated cockpit display of a crosshair inside a box: the crosshair indicated
aircraft direction and drifted toward the sides of the box if not corrected by the pilot
using a joystick control. The drift rate was variable and could increase or decrease the
difficulty of the primary task. The computer monitored for potential collisions and
warned pilots if another aircraft was within 3 miles.

Pilots were instructed to maintain their own aircraft flightpath first, and then detect
conflicts. Upon alarm, the pilot was to examine an ATC display and recommend re­
routing of the conflicting aircraft. Pilots were informed that the automated detection
system may erroneously label some situations as conflicts; therefore the pilot needed to
actually perform several ATC cognitive task functions to confirm the conflict before
recommending action. Participants in the study were 12 student pilots.

The results of this experiment showed that when augmentation was correct more than
about 80% of the time, performance decreased due to decreased vigilance in
confirming alarms properly on the ATC display. Additionally, with a high accuracy in the
alarm rate, pilots did not regularly check the ATC display to ensure that the
augmentation didn't miss possible conflicts. Auditory and visual binary alarms were
presented and the auditory alarms were more effective and did not interfere with the
primary task (visual tracking). The authors concluded that a 20-25% false alarm rate
was optimal" when it is intended for the pilot to work alongside the automation rather
than rely on it. 42

The Wickens study was undertaken with the plan of moving ATC to a shared
responsibility of the controller and pilot: the goal being to increase airspace capacity by
removing some of the more mundane functions like en-route course correction and en­
route conflict detection to primarily cockpit control. This situation would be analogous to
a spacecraft pilot operating their primary vehicle manually while attending many semi­
automated ancillary vehicles. Although not exactly the same,

Landsdown studied TLX workload measures on drivers performing multiple in-vehicle
tasks. The authors here concluded that secondary tasks significantly increased
perceived workload in this arrangement of task control. 43

n This noise in the signal is analogous to adjusting the squelch level on a CB radio : too high a setting and you miss
traffic; too low a setting and all you hear is random noise .


                                                                                                                  17
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICl\l W&E 8HL'I
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICl"L 891!! er~tY


Chapter 4: Studies in Command of Multiple Semi­
Automated Vehicles
Another analogue to remotely commanding several spacecraft is piloting or supervising
operation of several unmanned ground or air vehicles (UGVs and UAVs). The primary
use of these scenarios is in military operations which imposed additional criteria on the
control system. Examples of several UAVs and their primary missions are shown in
Figure 6. Control of vehicles can be either in-theater, at a range of yards to 10's of
miles, or from a long-range command and control center, such as the Predator
reconnaissance in the Iraq or Afghan Theater executed from bases within the
continental United States.

In addition to single vehicle control systems, UAV swarms are being developed. In this
scenario a remote pilot executes a command to the swarm which communicates
amongst itself to establish, for example, an RF emitter target location. 44 In this type of
a control system the raw number of vehicles under one pilot's control can dramatically
increase, but the number of swarms then takes the place of the number of vehicles in
developing big picture cognitive limits. Such systems are also under development for
space exploration. 45

In 2005, the US Army was operating two tactical surveillance UAVs: the Hunter and its
newer replacement, the Shadow. Each UAV requires a team of two operators. Dixon
studied the workload of Hunter/Shadow operators and with the help of SMEs designed a
simulation to determine if augmentation systems could increase the number of aircraft
controlled per pilot from one-half to two. Pilots were responsible for mission completion
(reconnaissance of a command target area), locating targets of opportunity (TOO), and
on-board system monitoring. There were three levels of pilot aircraft control: baseline,
autoalert, and autopilot. In the first two conditions, operators controlled the flight of the
aircraft using a joystick to indicate direction; altitude and airspeed were help constant,
while a computer controlled the remaining flight parameters (pitch, bank, etc.).
Occasionally pilots needed to compensate for wind changes. In the autopilot condition,
operators entered the final coordinates of the next command target and the aircraft
proceeded in a straight line, compensating automatically for wind changes.

Pilots flew 10 straight flight legs. At the beginning of each leg, the command target was
identified and instructions on what to locate were given. If the pilot forgot the
instructions, they could hit a "repeat" button. At the end of each leg, high-workload
tasks of loitering and zoom/pan the onboard camera to visualize the entire command
target were executed. Along each leg between command targets, pilots were instructed
to search for TOOs. Primary task completion included locating all relevant information
about the command target. Secondary task completion included TOO identification and
monitoring for an on-board system failure. The autoalert condition detected system
failures and produced an audio alert when the command target was reached.

Results showed that the autoalert augmentation dramatically decreased the time to
locate system failures, as well as significantly decreasing the number of requested
inst ruction repeats. Also, the autopilot augmentation dramatically decreased both
flightpath deviation and the requested number of repeats, and also dramatically
increased the number of TOO detections. Results were similar for the single and dual
aircraft scenarios, though some performance, notably TOO detection (92% to 79%), did

18
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOR OFFICiI.\k W&li 8Ptl¥
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL 051!! 6flt t

decrease between single and dual control cases. The authors attribute this to the UAV
interface complexity of 4 screens per vehicle . The authors conclude that further study is
required in augmentation strategies and system development. 4 6


Figure 6. Examples of Unmanned Military vehicles: (left to right, top to bottom) Predator, Global Hawk, Fire
Scout, Bell Eagle, BAE Mantis, rendering of an airwing of mixed UAVs, Tomahawk cruise missile, remote ground
vehicles, and the Raven .
                                                                                                           19
                     UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O&filCl.t.k Wi& 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OFFICIJ!tt ttSI!! 8HLY

Lee has previously shown that multiple automated ground vehicles can be autopiloted
successfully in a two-stage process when nominal information is available beforehand
about the environment to be searched. The two-stage process includes an offline,
perm ission routing table generation where the primary path of each vehicle in planned
and downloaded, and an on lin e traffic control stage where small changes to the plan
are executed to avoid collisions and deal with contingent activity. 47

Attempting to increase the limits of UAV to pilot ratio, Ruff examined simulations using
three augmented control techniques: manual, management by consent, and
management by exception. The authors concluded that the middle level of automation
performed best when considering that augmentation algorithms may have associated
errors . They also concluded that the absolute maximum number of UAVs a person could
control is four.

Cummings addresses the UAV interface issue in a study on retargeting multiple in-flight
cruise missiles. Cru ise missiles were chosen because they require minimal active
piloting. A dual screen interface was constructed very similar to the ATC setup on one
map and one list of objects being tracked (in the case of the ATC system, the li st is
physica l rather than a second computer display - see Figure 3b). Cummings side -steps
the issue of a cognitive workload metric based on complexity and number of tracked
objects by assuming that an operator can execute changes to only one vehicle at a time,
and then counting the ratio of time busy making changes to total time in a scenario.
Th is measure is called utilization and previous work in systems engineering 48 and
queuing theory has shown that utilization rates around 70% max out the typical human
operator's ability to hold a big picture. We note that this scenario involves minimal
interaction between the missiles, such as flight path conflicts. The missile study is
compared to free flight ATC task, where en route and conflict resolution is the
responsibility of pilots rather than ATC operators.

Cummings develops several performance measures that are worthy, but for the current
treatise an analogue is more succinct: the uti lization measure in multiple-object
tracking and retargeting is similar to a grandmaster playing many games of chess
simultaneously. They walk from board to board, think for a bit, make a move, and then
move to the next board. Many high-level chess players can look at board position and
evaluate what the next move is without knowledge of previous moves in the game. The
question at hand is, how many simultaneous games can the grandmaster play before
he is forced to revert to cold position analysis with every new presentation of a game?
The conclusion is 16, and it agrees with previous work on free flight ATC. 49 Cummings
additionally takes issue with the Ruff lim it of four UAVs, noting that this previous
experiment included a far more demanding piloting task.

More recent work by Cummings added aircraft heterogeneity to the experiment. 50 She
concluded again that 70% utilization is optima l, but notes that the queu ing theory
concept of wait times will sign ificantly affect the maximum number of vehicles that can
be attended. In a multiple-vehicle control situation, a vehicle that has exhibited some
decrement in performance has an interaction time with the operator to bring it back to
acceptable performance. It will then follow its automated routine for a period, called the
neglect time, until it falls again below performance threshold and requires the pilot's
attention: the time between the need for attention and the beginn ing of the next
interaction time is the wait time. Including wait times generated by more complex

20
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 0551Cl.t.k YSI!! fJNC I
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL ttS! 8Hblf

interfaces reduces the maximum number of aircraft controllable to seven. 51 A final
study looks at an abstract model of continuous re-planning in different t ime intervals.
This study observes that subjects reacted differently, but in three groups, to automated
suggestions for re-planning. The authors conclude that human-automation consensus
is the primary driver of system performance. 52 In other words, the human-task
interaction must be taken into account, as suggested above by Averty, Loft, and others
outlined above.


                                                                                      21
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR. 8FFI&IAk lal&& 8P.klf
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR AEEICIAk WSE 8HLY


Chapter 5: Discussion
We have insight into the maximum number of tracked objects in a multiple space
vehicle piloting experiment: it depends greatly on the complexity of the piloting and
mission tasks. Brookings showed that in the ATC task, mild complexity affected
performance even for a little as six planes being tracked by professional controllers,
whereas these controllers regularly track up to ten. Ruff showed that when there is
uncertainty in the augmentation system, a maximum of four craft can be controlled and
tasked to complete missions. The number of four is consistent with standard estimates
of human working memory being able to handle three to five disparate objects at a
time. This implies that disparate, complex interfaces require resources from working
memory to prevent loss of the big picture.

Augmentation of the human capabilities mainly appears to be helping to maintain a
higher number of working memory registers. Whether it is the handwritten blocks for
the ATCs, the stored instructions for the Dixon study, or the dual displays of Cummings,
the most effective augmentations in the studies above hold information for quick visual
retrieval that the brain would otherwise keep in working memory.

Any external automation system to assist the operator in making decisions will have an
associated error rate. It was also shown in the ATC and piloting tasks that alerts need
to contain a level of noise (false alarms) of 20-25% to avoid automation bias.

Regard ing where the future of th is work is headed, it is certain that the field is just
getting started. Apollo spacecraft required dozens of ground operators to mon itor for
system failures, and just a few years ago it required two soldiers to operate a simple
reconnaissance drone (most of them sti ll do). It is fortunate that ATC and UAV control
appear to be extremely applicable to the initial direction of remote space vehicle
operations. The 5-year timeframe should see spacecraft-specific simulator studies begin
to appear in major peer-reviewed journals.

The major advance to come in developing augmented human capability to pilot multiple
spacecraft will be in understanding the cognitive organization of multitasking. With
brain imaging it has been shown that multiple resource theory seems to follow the
anatomical organization of the brain. In the next 40 years we will find out why the
functional studies in multiple task completion don't seem to follow the predictions of
multiple resource theory.


22
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OPPICIJ!IL U:!I! Oflt I
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OFFICIAL tt.!I!! 8HLY


Chapter 6: Conclusions
There is a lack of research in the area of cognitive limits on the number of spacecraft
one pilot could control given any mission scenario. Two models for examining what are
similar activities are air traffic control and remote piloting of multiple unmanned
vehicles. We have shown the research progress in both areas, and the cognitive limits
on the number of craft that can be simultaneously controlled are 16 for simple
destination selection, 7 for moderately complex piloting and/or mission task completion,
and 4 for complex heterogeneous craft. Future research may increase the automation
component of aircraft and mission control, but there is no evidence to date that a
complete mental picture can be maintained, even with external working memory
augmentation, for more than about 16 objects at one time.

We have additionally shown that physiological variables can be objectively employed to
indicate overload. Nominal success has been achieved in classifying physiological states
near high workload and thus able to predict and thus possib ly prevent overload. We
expect this classification will be achieved with near perfect accuracy within five years of
specific studies being commenced.


                                                                                         23
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /EAR OFFJCJ0~ U&& 8HL'I
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /POR. err1e11tt U.!E! 614[ I


References

1    Hart, S. G. & Staveland, L. E. in Human Mental Workload, eds Peter A. Hancock
     & N Meshkati) 139- 183 (North Holland, 1988) .
2    Hart, S. G. NASA Task Load Index (TLX): 20 Years Later,
     < http ://humansystems.arc.nasa.gov/qroups/TLX/downloads/HFES 2006 Paper.
     QQf> (2006).
3    Hart, S. G. & Staveland, L. E. Development of NASA-TLX (Task Load Index):
     Results of Empirical and Theoretical Research,
     < http ://humansystems.arc. nasa .gov/groups/TLX/downloads/NASA­
     TLXChapter.pdf> (1987) .
4    Reid, G. B., Shingledecker, C. A. & Eggemeier, F. T. in Human Factors Society
     25th annual meeting. 522-526 (Human Factors Society).
5    Cummings, M. L. & Mitchell, P. J. Operator scheduling strategies in supervisory
     control of multiple UAVs. Aerospace Science and Technology 11, 339-348,
     doi: 10.1016/j.ast.2006.10.007 (2007).
6    Graydon, F. X. et al. Visual event detection during simulated driving: Identifying
     the neural correlates with functional neuroimaging. Transportation Research Part
     F-Traffic Psychology and Behaviour 7, 271-286, doi:10.1016/j.trf.2004.09.006
     (2004).
7    Kandel, E. R., Schwartz, J. H. & Jessell, T. M. Principles of neural science. 4th
     edn, (McGraw-Hill, Health Professions Division, 2000).
8    Jennings, J. R., Stringfellow, J. C. & Graham, M. A comparison of the statistical
     distributions of beat-by-beat heart rate and heart period. Psychophysiology 11,
     207-210 (1974).
9    Porges, S. W. & Byrne, E. A. Research methods for measurement of heart rate
     and resp iration. Biol Psycho/ 34, 93-130 (1992).
10   Mulder, L. J. Measurement and analysis methods of heart rate and respiration for
     use in applied environments. Biol Psycho/ 34, 205-236 (1992).
11   Steptoe, A. & Sawada, Y. Assessment of baroreceptor reflex function during
     mental stress and relaxation. Psychophysiology 26, 140-147 (1989).
12   Genik, R. J., 2nd, Green, C. C., Graydon, F. X. & Armstrong, R. E. Cognitive
     avionics and watching spaceflight crews think: generation-after-next research
     tools in functional neuroimaging. Aviat Space Environ Med 76, B208-212 (2005).
13   Warm, J. S., Parasuraman, R. & Matthews, G. Vigilance requires hard mental
     work and is stressful. Hum Factors 50, 433-441 (2008).
14   Dussault, C., Jouan in, J.C., Philippe, M. & Guezennec, C. Y. EEG and ECG
     changes during simulator operation reflect mental workload and vigilance. Aviat
     Space Environ Med 76, 344-351 (2005).
15   Kramer, A. F., Trejo, L. J. & Humphrey, D. Assessment of mental workload with
     task-irrelevant auditory probes. Biol Psychol 40, 83-100, doi:0301-
     0511(95)05108-2 [pii] (1995).
16   Backs, R. W. & Walrath, L. C. Eye movement and pupillary response indices of
     mental workload during visual search of symbolic displays. Appl Ergon 23, 243-
     254, doi:000368709290152L [pii] (1992).
17   Freedman, L. W. et al. The relationship of sweat gland count to electrodermal
     activity. Psychophysiology 31, 196-200 (1994).


24
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /POK 6PPICIAL U.!E: OHL¥
                UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 0551CIAk W81!! er•t I

18   Mitchell, J. S., Lowe, T. E. & Ingram, J. R. Rapid ultrasensitive measurement of
     salivary cortisol using nano-linker chemistry coupled with surface plasmon
     resonance detection. Analyst 134, 380-386, doi: 10.1039/b817083p (2009).
19   Billings, C. E. & Reynard, W. D. Human factors in aircraft incidents: resu lts of a
     7-year study. Aviat Space Environ Med 55, 960-965 (1984).
20   Wickens, C. D., Mavor, A. S., McGee, J. & National Research Council (U.S.).
     Panel on Human Factors in Air Traffic Control Automation . Flight to the future:
     human factors in air traffic control. (National Academy Press, 1997).
21   Halford, G. S., Wilson, W. H. & Phill ips, S. Processing capacity defined by
     relational complexity: implications for comparative, developmental, and cognitive
     psychology. Behav Brain Sci 21, 803-831; discussion 831-864 (1998).
22   Boag, C., Neal, A., Loft, S. & Halford, G. S. An analysis of relational complexity in
     an air traffic control conflict detection task. Ergonomics 49, 1508-1526,
     doi: 10.1080/00140130600779744 (2006).
23   Edwards, E. in Proceedings of British Airline Pilots Association Technical
     Symposium. 21-36 (British Airline Pilots Association) .
24   Chang, Y. H. & Yeh, C. H. Human performance interfaces in air traffic control.
     Appl Ergon 41, 123-129, doi: 10.1016/j.apergo.2009.06.002 (2010).
25   Di Nocera, F., Fabrizi, R., Terenzi, M. & Ferlazzo, F. Procedural errors in air traffic
     control: effects of traffic density, expertise, and automation. Aviat Space Environ
     Med 77, 639-643 (2006).
26   Lamoureux, T. The influence of aircraft proximity data on the subjective mental
     workload of controllers in the air traffic control task. Ergonomics 42, 1482-1491
     (1999).
27   Melton, C. E., Smith, R. C., McKenzie, J. M., Wicks, S. M. & Saldivar, J. T. Stress
     in air traffic personnel: low-density towers and flight service stations. Aviat
     Space Environ Med 49, 724-728 (1978).
28   Peiris, M. T. et al. Identification of vigilance lapses using EEG/EOG by expert
     human raters. Conf Proc IEEE Eng Med Biol Soc 6, 5735-5737,
     doi: 10.1109/IEMBS.2005.1615790 (2005).
29   Donald, F. M. The classification of vigilance tasks in the real world. Ergonomics
     51, 1643-1655, doi: 10.1080/00140130802327219 (2008).
30   Brookings, J. B., Wilson, G. F. & Swain, C. R. Psychophysiological responses to
     changes in workload during simulated air traffic control. Biological Psychology 42,
     361-377 (1996).
31   Collet, C., Averty, P. & Dittmar, A. Autonomic nervous system and subjective
     ratings of strain in air-traffic control. Appl Ergon 40, 23-32,
     doi: 10.1016/j.apergo.2008.01.019 (2009).
32   Wilson, G. F. & Fisher, F. The use of cardiac and eye blink measures to
     determine flight segment in F4 crews. Aviation Space and Environmental
     Medicine 62, 959-962 (1991).
33   Wilson, G. F. & Russell, C. A. Operator functional state classification using
     multiple psychophysiological features in an air traffic control task. Hum Factors
     45, 381 - 389 (2003).
34   Kaber, D. B., Wright, M. C., Prinzel, L. J., 3rd & Clamann, M. P. Adaptive
     automation of human-machine system information-processing functions . Hum
     Factors 47, 730-741 (2005).
35   Mohler, S. R. The human element in air traffic control: aeromedical aspects,
     problems, and prescr iptions. Aviat Space Environ Med 54, 511-516 (1983).

                                                                                        25
                UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOA OFFI&IAk WSE 8HL\'
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OPPICIJ!tt tJ!H! 8HLY

36   Loft, S., Sanderson, P., Neal, A. & Mooij, M. Modeling and predicting mental
     workload in en route air traffic control: critical review and broader implications.
     Hum Factors 49, 376-399 (2007).
37   Hendy, K. C., Liao, J. & Milgram, P. Combining time and intensity effects in
     assessing operator information-processing load. Hum Factors 39, 30-47 (1997).
38   Boone, J. 0. Toward the development of a new aptitude selection test battery for
     air traffic control specialists. Aviat Space Environ Med 51, 694-699 (1980).
39   Cohen, D., Wherry, R. J., Jr. & Glenn, F. Analysis of workload predictions
     generated by multiple resource theory. Aviat Space Environ Med 67, 139-145
     (1996).
40   Hancock, P. A. & Szalma, J. L. Performance under stress. (Ashgate Pub., 2008).
41   Jani, C. & Wickens, C. D. Factors affecting task management in aviation. Hum
     Factors 49, 16-24 (2007).
42   Wickens, C. & Colcombe, A. Dual-task performance consequences of imperfect
     alerting associated with a cockpit display of traffic information. Hum Factors 49,
     839-850 (2007).
43   Lansdown, T. C., Brook-Carter, N. & Kersloot, T. Distraction from multiple in­
     vehicle secondary tasks: vehicle performance and mental workload implications.
     Ergonomics 47, 91-104, doi:10.1080/00140130310001629775 (2004).
44   Pack, D. J., Delima, P., Toussaint, G. J. & York, G. Cooperative control of UAVs
     for localization of intermittently emitting mobile targets. IEEE Trans Syst Man
     Cybern B Cybern 39, 959-970, doi: 10.1109/TSMCB.2008.2010865 (2009).
45   Wang, J., Qu, Z. H., Ihlefeld, C. M. & Hull, R. A. A control-design-based solution
     to robotic ecology: Autonomy of achieving cooperative behavior from a high-
     level astronaut command. Autonomous Robots 20, 97-112, doi:10.1007/s10514-
     006-5942-5 (2006).
46   Dixon, S. R., Wickens, C. D. & Chang, D. Mission control of multiple unmanned
     aerial vehicles: a workload analysis. Hum Factors 47, 479-487 (2005).
47   Lee, J. H., Lee, B. H. & Choi, M. H. A real-time traffic control scheme of multiple
     AGV systems for collision free minimum time motion: A routing table approach.
     Ieee Transactions on Systems Man and Cybernetics Part a-Systems and Humans
     28, 347- 358 (1998).
48   Rouse, W. B. Systems engineering models of human-machine interaction.
     (North Holland, 1980).
49   Cummings, M. L. & Guerlain, S. Developing operator capacity estimates for
     supervisory control of autonomous vehicles. Human Factors 49, 1-15 (2007).
50   Kornguth, S. E., Steinberg, R. & Matthews, M. D. Neurocognitive and
     physiological factors during high-tempo operations. (Ashgate, 2010).
51   Cummings, M. L. & Mitchell, P. J. Predicting controller capacity in supervisory
     control of multiple UAVs. Ieee Transactions on Systems Man and Cybernetics
     Part a-Systems and Humans 38, 451-460, doi: 10.1109/tsmca.2007.914757
     (2008) .
52   Cummings, M. L., Clare, A. & Hart, C. The Role of Human-Automation Consensus
     in Multiple Unmanned Vehicle Scheduling. Human Factors 52, 17-27,
     doi: 10.1177/0018720810368674 (2010).


26
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OliFICil.t.k WSIE 8HLY
