{"created_utc": "2026-09-20T02:43:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 293205, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870873659407673, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d154-transcript-of-a-presentation-by-captain-edward-j-ruppelt-1952.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870873545306392, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d154-transcript-of-a-presentation-by-captain-edward-j-ruppelt-1952.pdf", "source_sha256": "0c1c5adfd3ca9cebcc7e5183dbff32538376ce62f075b51756f9b822f8de9e55"}

OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF WAR
                                        5000 DEFENSE PENTAGON
                                       WASHINGTON, DC 20301 -5000


INTELLIGENCE
AND SECURITY

                 Transcript of a Presentation by Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, 1952

   This document is a transcript of a March 1952 presentation by Captain Edward J. Ruppelt
   outlining the U.S. Air Force’s reorganized investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).
   The presentation previews prospective technical methodologies, such as diffraction-grating
   photography and radar-scope synchronization, that were subsequently incorporated into Project
   Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program active from 1952 to 1969 that investigated the nature and
   origin of UFOs. Ruppelt explains that out of approximately 800 historical cases reviewed by the
   Air Force, approximately 20% remained unexplained after technical analysis. These unresolved
   reports were sourced from credible military personnel, commercial pilots, and other qualified
   technical observers. He highlights geographic report concentrations around sensitive national
   security and nuclear weapons installations (including Los Alamos, Albuquerque, and Oak Ridge
   National Laboratories) and notes recurring anomalous characteristics, including silent high-
   speed flight and radar detections indicating unconfirmed air speeds between 1,000 and 3,500
   miles per hour. Emphasizing that the Air Force found no conclusive evidence regarding the
   nature or origin of the phenomena, Ruppelt underscores the national security need for a
   systematic physical data collection effort to better evaluate these sightings.

   Beginning of transcript.

   This medium has been declassified in compliance with applicable executive orders, statutes, and
   regulations.

   (Recording test) ...for all good men to come to the aid of their country. Now is the time for all
   good men to come to the aid of their country. Now is the time for all good men...

   (Recording test) ...addressing them was by voice straight at the microphone and my mouth
   separated from the microphone by a distance of about 15 inches. I expect that the speaker will
   put out approximately this volume. And I will now, as before, turn around slowly and address my
   words toward the blackboard. This I am now doing, talking straight into the blackboard as if I
   were drawing some diagrams. I'm then going to turn around slowly again now to face the
   audience. I am separated from the microphone by a somewhat greater distance, as if I were
   slightly leaning backwards.

   (Recording test) ...play around the zero, that's the desirable level. If, for example, we turn the
   gain down... Now, now. So you see it's just about wide open and that'll pick everything in the
   room up. See how it jumps and is... Now let's see if we play it back.

   (Conversation)

       •   "I can't hear you."

       •   "Is there anything already on that tape now?"
   •   "Yeah, there are a few things on the tape."

   •   "Why don't you say something?"

   •   "...begin to appear in about 1947. You're possibly familiar with them to a certain extent
       following the newspaper reports. The first ones were sighted by a Kenneth Arnold in June
       of 1947 out in Idaho. Now, I'll refer to them as 'these things' because we have no idea
       what we're dealing with. The newspapers and radio played them up to a great degree at
       that time and consequently introduced a little bit of, probably a little bit of mass hysteria
       or something like that into the problem. They flared up for about, oh, spasmodically for
       about two years and then the things died down to a certain extent. The Air Force took
       over this project soon after the first sighting because the public demanded an explanation
       of these objects. In 19... August of 1949, the Air Force came out with a report, supposedly
       a final report on this, where they reached a few conclusions. Now they had some
       specialists in certain fields working on this problem, and you might be interested in
       knowing who they were. There's a Dr. J. A. Hynek, an astronomer at Ohio State, Dr. G.
       Valley of the Scientific Advisory Board, a Dr. Fitz of the Aeromedical, I believe he was a
       psychologist, the RAND Corporation, Air Weather Service, Cambridge Field Station, and
       the U.S. Department of Commerce Weather Bureau. All those people took the reports—
       they had about 300 reports at that time—they took the reports, read them over, came up
       with their conclusions. Although their conclusions varied to a certain extent, they all
       agreed that they didn't know exactly what they were. However, there were obviously no
       direct threat to the United States, so they didn't pay too much more attention to them.

The Air Force came up with several conclusions in that report. One of them was it was a mild
case of mass hysteria due to, we might say, war nerves; the war had just been over. Some of them
were due to psychopathological people, or nuts, something like that trying to create an
excitement or get publicity or pure do a pure hoax. And the other one was that they were due to
misinterpretation of conventional objects.

Well, since that time, several years has passed, and we've been able to go back and review these
conclusions a little bit. We've been able to drop out all except the misinterpretation of
conventional objects. Going back, we have approximately 800 cases now on record, and only
about 2% of those are actual hoaxes or psychopathological people who just don't know what they
see. The misinterpretation of known objects is still, of course, a large factor. I mean, that could
possibly account for all of them. However, it's a little bit doubtful. We've gone through these
reports and come up with the fact that about 20% are very good reports offered by very reliable
people and are just absolutely no conclusions can be drawn.

The mass hysteria factor has gone out because the newspapers haven't played this up for the last
approximately three years. There's occasional flurries, but nothing to get excited about at all, and
still the reports continue to come in. We dropped this project in 1949, as I said, as a special
project and have been handling this information as regular intelligence material since that time.

                                                                                                   2
We've decided, about last October, we decided there possibly was enough material now to reopen
this case. So we, the center, appointed a permanent project engineer, which I'm the project
engineer, and we reviewed all this stuff. We took all the cases that we had, reworked them, filed
them all in a neat file so we could tell what we had. We went through and cross-indexed all the
material so that we could get an idea of the different factors that were involved in these reports.
We came up with some results. I won't say they're outstanding results, I don't... we don't know
what the results mean.

But, uh, unfortunately, I didn't realize we were going to have such a large audience here, so we
did bring these slides along. I don't know whether you can... any of you in the back room see this
print? I'll pass it around and you can get an idea. This is a plot of the sightings in the United
States. Now, this does not include the... we have sightings outside of the United States, but we're
not too worried about those at the present time. We're more interested in the United States. I'll
explain this a little bit to you since you can't see it. We have certain areas in the United States
where there are concentrations. In Dayton and Columbus, Ohio, there are concentrations. Now,
this is possibly due to two things. One of them is the fact that the people in that area knew that all
the activity in this project was taking place in that area, and consequently, they were doing a little
bit more reporting. Another thing is that all the experimental flying was being done around
Wright Field, and we still have a lot of trouble with that. People call in and say, "I just saw a
great big light go over at 5,000 miles an hour," it turns over... it turns out it's an airplane carrying
a flare or something like that. So we've disregarded that concentration. However, around all the
ports in the United States—San Francisco, Los Angeles, the coastal area around New York City,
and New Orleans—there's concentrations. Around Los Alamos and the Albuquerque area, there's
concentrations. Around White Sands, there's concentrations, and down here at Camp Hood,
Texas. Now, this Camp Hood, Texas concentration was due to an outbreak of odd lights about
two years ago. They never did determine exactly what the lights were. They were a special, we
might say, a special type of report that haven't occurred again, and we haven't paid too much
attention to that. But the ones around Oak Ridge and the ones around Albuquerque may possibly
mean something, we don't know. The rest of the reports are pretty well scattered out around the
United States.

If you plot these reports up by years, they started in the West Coast, up around in the Northwest,
around Washington, Oregon, and Idaho in 1947. The next year, they were... they tended to be on
the East Coast to a certain extent, and from then on, they were just spread out all over the United
States. There was no, no pattern.

We've plotted the frequency of these reports again. You'll see that it doesn't vary too much year
from, uh, from year to year. This large peak down here occurred right after the first sighting by
this Arnold out in Idaho, and it was undoubtedly, a lot of it was due to mass hysteria or people
wanting to get their names in the paper. However, you can see it tapered off, and it reaches a
peak right in, let's see, this is June and July, and every year, almost, it reaches a peak in there. It's
also peaked to a certain extent here in January and then again, there's a peak here in December.

                                                                                                        3
Now there's actually no direct pattern to that, but there's enough of a pattern that it plants a seed
of doubt in your mind. You sort of wonder why this thing should run a cycle like that. In these
two years, '47 and '48, there was a lot of newspaper publicity. However, in '49, '50, and '51, there
was very little newspaper publicity, and the reports from '49, '50, and '51 are mostly from
military sources. The civilians have dropped out because possibly they didn't know where to
report this stuff or they weren't interested in it. The Air Force came out and said there was
nothing to it, so they just quit making reports. However, military has continued to make reports. I
should say military and a few airline pilots are covered in these two years.

We've taken the reported shapes. We have a lot of questions. People say, "Well, what are people
reporting?" So we've broken it down into shapes. In this segment here, there were no shapes
reported. Somebody just called in or wrote a letter and said, "I saw something," so we've had to
disregard it. This segment right here represents some type of an astronomical body. I mean, you
could say it was either a bright light in the sky or a streak of light that could have been a meteor.
We've lumped all those together. In this section are disc or spherical shaped objects. We've
lumped those together because it's... we don't believe that people can tell if they're seeing a disc
or a sphere unless they should happen to see it both on the bottom view and edgewise to
determine it's a disc. So we've lumped those all together. Some of these could be balloons. I
mean, there's no doubt about that, that they could be weather balloons. However, due to, or
contrary to popular opinion, these things are not, are definitely not all balloons.

These are shapes that are just reported as oval shapes. It's difficult to tell what they are.
Miscellaneous is almost anything. Vapor trails probably actually were vapor trails of aircraft.
There's one small segment in here, which is only 6/10 of 1% of all 800 reports, and that is reports
of groups of lights going through the sky. Now we've had quite a bit of difficulty with those
because the reports are usually from pretty good sources, and they'll see, oh, anywhere from 6 to
20 lights in a formation going streaking across the sky. Well, it's almost impossible that that
would, that you would find six meteors together. I understand it's possible to see two of them
together that would appear to be in formation, but no more than that. A certain percentage, 1%,
are reported to be balloons. Now, these are balloons that we've not been able to establish the
origin of. In other words, we don't, they're just balloons floating over the United States, and
they're probably meteorological balloons that have gotten loose from some station and haven't
burst when they were supposed to. About two and a half percent resemble actual aircraft. We've
had quite a bit of discussion as to whether or not these objects could possibly be some highly
developed aircraft type that the Soviets have. We've almost been able to throw that out because
of the small percentage of reports that even mention any shape due to aircraft, that would
resemble aircraft. This percentage here are reported to be rockets or cigar-shaped objects. Now,
once again, we've gone into that quite thoroughly and have found that, and it's common
knowledge, that any bright light traveling through the air will burn an image in your eye and
will, you'll have some persistence there, and it will appear to be elongated when actually it's just
a round source of light.

                                                                                                        4
So that's some of the shapes that we've had. Now, getting back to this disc or spherical shaped
objects, these things are always silent. I mean, if we want to assume that this object we're dealing
with is a disc-shaped thing, these are always silent, and they're usually highly maneuverable.
Although lately, the reports that have been coming in have neglected to put this 90-degree turn
business in; they just go over at a great rate of speed. But the fact that they're silent is quite
interesting because we, we have no knowledge of any type of power plant that would be
completely silent.

These are the types of people that send in our reports. This segment here are civilians, and most
of these reports came in when the project was first initiated back in 1947 and '48. This black
segment here are reports from military sources, and they are, we've put them in as just ground
officers, not usually not flying officers, or at least the reports are not made from the air. We have
a small segment here of radar returns that we've been unable to explain. This section right here
are reports from civilian pilots who were airborne at the time of the sighting. This segment in
here especially is the one that we're very interested in. They're reports from airline pilots, from
tower operators, and balloon observers. Now, these balloon observers are normally people like
the General Mills crews that launch these high-altitude balloons. And here we have technically
trained personnel such as scientists, engineers, and so forth.

This segment, as I said, are the ones that we're very much interested in. Now, airline pilots are,
we consider very reliable because they're very, well, they don't like to stick their neck out and
make one of these reports unless they're absolutely sure they saw something. They received some
very unfavorable publicity during this last rash of reports, or the first one, I should say in '47 and
'48, and they absolutely refuse to give us reports unless they're completely sold that they saw
something. I've talked to quite a few of the pilots, and one of them made the statement if he
looked out his window and saw a V-2 rocket or something like that flying wingtip to wingtip
with him over Spokane, he wouldn't tell anybody about it. I mean, he'd never report it to the Air
Force because or to anybody because they just say he was crazy and probably ground him. So
that's the big difficulty we have in getting reports from airline pilots. We do hear through the
grapevine that they see an awful lot of odd things that they don't report, especially over in the
Near East, Iran, and the Middle East, I should say, Iran, Palestine, Egypt, in those runs. Now, we
haven't been able to pin that down as fact. That's just a rumor that we've picked up in talking to
other airline pilots who've heard other airline pilots say that, but we've never been able to pin it
down. However, it would be very interesting to find out, and we're making attempts, although
we've run up against a lot of trouble because, as I said, the pilots just don't want publicity and
they won't make those reports. This segment in here have been reported by Air Force pilots, and
they're aerial sightings. A lot of these have been balloons. We've had a lot of trouble with the
balloons in that a pilot meeting a balloon in the air isn't familiar with what that balloon's going to
do. I mean, he's familiar with meeting another airplane, and he's already made up his mind as to
what the rate of closure should be and different things like that. He'll usually assume that the,
when he meets a balloon, that it's instead of a balloon, it's some object about 30 or 40 feet in

                                                                                                    5
diameter, and judging the rate of closure, he assumes it's going at a very terrific speed. But we've
been able in some cases to actually show how that pilot was misled and that it was actually a
balloon. However, we don't, we don't try to say that everything was a balloon. In other words, if
a balloon was launched in the area, we try to definitely pin that down. We can get the time of
launch of the balloon, the rate of ascent, the winds aloft, we can plot out the path of that balloon
and plot out the pilot's path and show by various lines of sight how he actually did see the
balloon. In the past, it's been a practice to say, "Well, there was a balloon launched within 100
miles, consequently the pilot must have seen the balloon." We don't want to try that because it's,
well, we just want to have more proof before we say that it's a balloon. And the Air Force has
gotten into a lot of trouble in the past by very loosely tying up these balloons with the sightings.

We have some photographs of these objects that, we have quite a few photographs, I should say.
A lot of them are definitely either hoaxes or else they're flaws in the negative and the people that
have found this print have looked at it and said, "Ah, I took a picture of the sky and I didn't see
this flying saucer, although here's a picture of it," and they'll send it into us. It's not too difficult
to examine those under a microscope and find out that the image is due to an imperfection in the
negative. However, we have a few photographs that are very difficult to evaluate. This is one of
them right here. It was taken in Phoenix, Arizona, on the 7th of July, 1947. This has been hashed
around quite a bit, and there's a little bit of doubt as to the, whether or not this was purposely
faked, but we've never been able to prove it.

This picture is probably the most interesting one that we've ever received, mainly because we
went into the background of this thing a lot more. This was taken in Lubbock, Texas last
September. Now, this Lubbock case is probably the most interesting one, the whole case is the
most interesting one we've ever had. These five college professors from Texas Tech were sitting
out in the backyard one evening, in what was it, August, yes, August 25th, and they happened to
be discussing meteors and so they were sitting there looking up in the sky, and all of a sudden
this bunch of lights went over. And so one of them, they looked at each other and said, "What
was that?" Nobody seemed to know. And so, about a half an hour later, why they were still
discussing the lights and they said they wished that something like that would go over again, and
it did. So, for, well, altogether in a period of, I believe it was five or six nights, they observed 12
of these things that went over. Well, they assumed that it was some kind of a missile that the Air
Force had been developing, and being nosy, they thought they'd find out what this, well, they
reached this conclusion after they saw the first two, that they'd find out what these missiles were.
So they set up their own measuring, crude measuring systems. They were able to set up a, or
measure the angles on the houses and things in their backyards so they could tell the angle this
thing went through, and they timed it with a stopwatch. They also set up a baseline 90 degrees to
the path—and incidentally, these things always came over the same path and at roughly the same
time every night, so they knew about what was going on. They set up this baseline and got at
each end with two-way radios and some homemade, well, you might call them theodolites or
measuring, angle measuring devices, and tried to get an altitude. Well, they were unsuccessful on

                                                                                                        6
that. However, they did get their angular measurement across the sky, and it came out to be 30
degrees per second. Now, that's the only measurement we've got on these things. We didn't hear
about it till about a month after it happened, and I went down and spent quite a bit of time with
these people. At first, we thought it was just one big hoax, that they were just out to get some
publicity, but on investigating these people and talking to them, we found out that there was, the
professor of, I believe he's head of the physics department at Texas Tech, a gentleman who was
head of the petroleum engineering department at Texas Tech, a gentleman who'd spent the last
five years in Alaska studying the aurora, and a doctor of mathematics, and they had an
astronomer who actually who didn't see these, although he was in on the investigation. Well,
after they found out the Air Force was interested in it, they took an entirely different view. I
mean, when they found out that it wasn't one of our missiles, then they began to wonder what it
was, but the thing had happened and it was finished and they couldn't get any more information
for us. Now these pictures, well, incidentally, before that, they put a couple of pieces in the local
newspaper to try to determine who else had seen these things, and they put their names in the
paper so that people could write to them and say, "I saw it" or "I didn't see it," and they got a lot
of publicity. Consequently, everybody in Lubbock, Texas was sitting out at night waiting for
these things to go over. And a college freshman at Texas Tech had his camera ready when they
went over one night, and this is the picture that he got. Now these are, this is one formation that
went over and this is another formation. He, his story is that he saw one go over and all of a
sudden it dawned on him, "Well, I might try to get a picture." He was a fairly good amateur
photographer. He took these with a Kodak 35. He shot them at 1/10th of a second at F3.5 on
Plus-X film. He tracked them, and consequently, we don't know whether this blur is due to the
movement of the object or the movement of his camera since he shot them at 1/10th of a second.
This is the first formation that went over, and this is the second formation. Now, we've tried
every way that we know of to prove that these pictures are faked. I've talked to the kid, and in
fact, I talked to him twice. We've had OSI talk to him about three times, and the final, last time,
they got him alone and they said, "Now look, we'll let you back out on this if you want to. We'll
never tell anybody. As far as the newspaper's concerned and everybody you've sold these pictures
to, why they're really good photos, but if you'll just confess to the OSI, why we'll drop it." But he
said, "No," he said, "these are pictures of something that flew over Lubbock, Texas on..." Well,
this was, these happened to be taken on the 31st of August. He said, "I don't know what they are,
but," he said, "I took the pictures and that's all I know," and he signed a sworn statement for us,
so we had to drop it right there. I mean, we've got no way to...

(Question from audience)

   •   "Do these pictures check with the observations of those five?"

   •   "No, sir. I was going to just mention that. The college professors say that these pictures
       are faked. I mean, they won't believe them at all. They say the things that they saw, they
       know were too dim to ever take a picture of. Now, we cross-checked with the kid on that,
       and he said, he said, 'That's right.' He said, 'After I took these pictures,' he said, 'I didn't

                                                                                                      7
       develop them for two days because,' he said, 'I just thought in my own mind that I
       wouldn't even have an image because they were, what I saw was, I thought, was too dim
       to take a picture of, but I just took a chance.' So he took those pictures. He finally
       developed them and that's what he came out with. And he sold those, I believe he got $8
       for the original set of prints from a newspaper. We had those prints over to the photo lab
       and they checked them out. I mean, they are an actual image, there's no doubt about that.
       He could have taken a black sheet of paper and just punched holes in it and faked them
       very easily, but he swears up and down he didn't do that. These things under a microscope
       show that the relative position of these things vary just a little bit in each picture. Well,
       it's doubtful if he took a piece of cardboard and just punched holes in it, if he would be
       smart enough to vary the holes, the position of the hole in each exposure. He'd probably
       just taken four shots of the same thing and maybe moved his camera to give him a little
       appearance of motion there. But the actual exposures or images are moved just a little bit
       in each exposure. Now again, that could come from the fact that maybe he tipped his
       paper as he took the picture, but we don't know. We've never been able to prove that they
       were faked. The density on the negative compares to the density of a bright star. In other
       words, we used the same exposure and the same film and went out and took a couple
       pictures of some bright planets, and it's, the density of the negative is just a little bit more
       than that of a bright planet at night. So, that's all we know about it. We haven't been able
       to...

(Question from audience)
   •   "Did you get two sets of lights in some cases rather than a smear?"

   •   "No, sir, we haven't. I asked him about that and he said when he took the pictures, it
       looked like a straight line. He didn't notice two different formations. Now, I always
       hesitate to tell this because it could again be one big coincidence, but if you plot those
       points on a piece of, on an enlargement on a piece of graph paper and plot them out
       exactly, you'll see that as the consecutive, in the consecutive frames, one row of lights,
       the back row, will say, moves up to the first row, and then it moves on ahead in the third
       picture. Now, that doesn't make sense at all because of the fact that they're two different
       formations he took. The only two possibilities that we can think of, one of them is that it's
       still one great big hoax that the college professors just decided to see how much they
       could fool the people in Lubbock, Texas and they planted these pictures with the kid. The
       other thing is that there was, it was known that there was a duck flight on in the area at
       the time, that the ducks were flying across Lubbock. We tried, and the people in Lubbock
       tried to see whether or not you could take a picture of ducks at night just from the
       reflection of the city lights, and that's impossible. So if these pictures aren't true, or are
       not fakes, why then these pictures are not of ducks. We'll put it that way. The college
       professors won't believe the duck story at all. I mean, they say those were not ducks. We
       can, if they were ducks, they'd have to be at such and such an height to give that 30

                                                                                                     8
       degrees per second, and if they were that low, why, in fact, I think it comes out to be
       about 75 to 80 feet, the ducks would have to be that low to be flying 60 miles an hour and
       go through that angle at that certain time. And they say they are not ducks. Now that's the
       only possibility we have, or the only idea of what they could be. They might be ducks
       reflecting the city lights, although it's still hard to believe that because just of all the
       circumstances, it just doesn't sound like ducks. A lot of people in Lubbock who were
       looking for these objects on these nights did see ducks. And when we were down there,
       they'd call us up and they'd say, 'I know what these lights are, they're ducks because I saw
       them and I could see the wings flapping and I could hear them honking and I could see
       their necks sticking out, and you're wasting our good taxpayers' money coming down
       here talking about it because they were ducks.' Now, but once again, there's about half the
       people that saw these objects again said they were not ducks because they said, 'We've
       lived in Lubbock all our life and we've seen ducks for the last 30 years and those were
       not ducks.' So we're up against a blank wall on this certain, this one case.
Now we, uh, we've reached several general, or I shouldn't say reached any conclusions. There's
two or three general facts about all of the sightings, the overall, uh, collection of sightings we
have. One of them is that on our good sightings, there's absolutely no noise ever reported in
connection with these objects, no matter how low they are. They may be, uh, reported as just
being specks in the sky or down fairly low and there's absolutely no noise reported. And once
again, we, uh, we don't know of any kind of a propulsion system that would, uh, that would do
that. I mean, everything that we know of has some type of noise connected with it. Another thing
is we've had a lot of radar returns, uh, but we have never had a visual sighting linked up with a
radar return. We've had two or three reports of that, but we've never been able to pin them down
enough and get enough facts about them to make sure that they were both looking at the same
thing. Uh, they have had a project on this down at, uh, Holloman. They've been very much
interested in it because they've been seeing, uh, compare on a comparative basis, more of these
things around the Holloman and White Sands area. They did track something down there with
their cinetheodolites. Uh, they don't know what it is, and it could possibly be a slow-moving
daylight meteor. Now, I'm not an astronomer, but I understand such things exist. Uh, they, they
got pictures of it and they were able to track it. However, they saw about five, I think it was five
or six of these things at once. Uh, it was right after they launched a missile and they had their,
uh, Scania, cinetheodolites pointed up in the air and they saw these four or five things right
behind the missile and they got the word to swing over on those and forget the missile. And
they're a little bit doubtful as to whether or not all stations tracked the same object. So
consequently, their readings are a little bit off, but they did come up, uh, with an altitude reading
of about 150,000 feet. Uh, the speed was, uh, very great. They, they came up with a speed of
about 3,500 miles an hour, but again, they won't back that up because they aren't, they aren't sure
of the conditions that these readings were made under. Uh, that's the only time we've ever come
really close to getting any, uh, any accurate data on these things. And I want to say again that it
could be that there was a, a meteor in the daytime. Now, they have another type of, uh,

                                                                                                    9
phenomena or object or something floating around down that area, and that's these green
fireballs. Now, I don't know whether you've been reading about that in the paper, but there's a
Dr., uh, Lincoln LaPaz down in Albuquerque at the University of New Mexico who's been
making a big deal out of these green fireballs. They appear to be, uh, similar to a meteor except
that they have a definite flat trajectory. Uh, they're reported to be a brilliant, uh, greenish-blue
color, and they, uh, they don't explode. I mean, they appear to be very low at, uh, about a third or
a fourth the size of a full moon and they're very low and they just go out like that, they don't
explode. Now Dr. LaPaz's theory on this thing is that if it's a normal meteor, there should be a
terrific explosion because of the size of these things, uh, indicates that they're down low in the
atmosphere and there should be a terrific explosion when they, uh, when they get down low
enough to explode. It's, uh, again, we don't know what they are. I mean, they actually exist.
There's no doubt about it. I mean, it's not anybody's imagination because they've been reported
by, well, Dr. LaPaz himself has seen one, and we've had some very fine reports and they all, uh,
follow the same path. There's a definite flat trajectory right across the, uh, well, parallel to the
Earth's surface. Uh, they, they go out with no explosion and they're a brilliant bright green. Now,
airline pilots have seen them and maybe if they meet them head-on or something like that, they'll
rack the airliner up, just about toss everybody out of the seats because they think they're going to
have a head-on collision with this, uh, whatever it may be. Now Cambridge, uh, labs have been
working on that for two years and they came up with no conclusions whatsoever as to what they
might be. So, I understand that we're going to take it over again and see if we can't possibly come
up with, uh, some idea. Uh, we've talked to, uh, well, Dr. Kaplan's idea, or, uh, LaPaz's idea is
that they come from Russia. And he said that they're using some kind of a self-destruction
missile that and they're zeroing in on, uh, Los Alamos. Now that's a good story. I mean, it, it, uh,
sounds real exciting and and there's a possibility. I mean, we can't say that it isn't because we
don't know what it is. Uh, we've talked to Dr. Kaplan quite a bit on this subject, uh, probably,
probably know him from the, uh, University of California. Uh, he thinks that they're either some
kind of a, possibly a new meteor that we are not familiar with, or, uh, some phenomena that's
related to the aurora. Uh, he, he claims that he can duplicate this color in his lab and I, I'm not,
uh, sure of just exactly how he does it. I believe he uses, uh, well, I don't know, I won't say. I've
got a report but I don't want to quote something I don't know about. But anyway, he can
duplicate this color, and he believes that that's what it is. Now, uh, as I say, that is a definite
division of these things. I mean, they, they definitely exist and our problem is to find out, really
find out what they are. If they're some kind of phenomena, why then we can turn it over to the
astronomers and let them take it. Uh, if they should happen to come from Russia, why then we
better start finding out what they're trying to do on it.

(Question from audience)
   •   "How many of these green light reports do you have?"

   •   "We have quite a few, sir. I'd hate to say, I mean, I couldn't tell you exactly a number, but
       they started out in, I believe, '49. Yes, sir. There was a big outbreak of them in '49, and

                                                                                                  10
they seem to appear in January or in December and January, in that period between the
years. And they coincide with a meteor shower that occurs at that time. I don't believe I
know, remember the name of it is, but for a long time, they tried to tie them in with that
meteor shower, but just recently now, within the last year, they've begun to occur more on
a, over the whole year instead of coming at at one time. OSI, Dr. LaPaz worked for OSI
in '49 on these and they tried to come up with a conclusion, they couldn't. They've also
spent a lot of time trying to find any fragments and have never been successful. I mean,
they've been able to triangulate these things and get a heck of a lot of reports on people
who have seen them or seen one of them and then work their triangulation like they do on
large meteors, but they've never been able to find any parts. They wanted us to fire to
pick up, put a dust collector on a B-29 and try to fly through the area right after these
things occurred, try to pick up any dust that they might have left in the upper atmosphere,
but they didn't find anything at all that would indicate that anything unusual was going
on. So, we're up against a stone wall on these things too. I mean, all we've got is just
people's ideas. We've got no proof as to what they actually may be. Now, we've, one of
our approaches on this thing is going to be the use of diffraction gratings on cameras.
This is Dr. Kaplan's idea. He says that we can, and I mean, I shouldn't say he says, we
know that we can take a very inexpensive camera and put a diffraction grating on it and
give them to these guards around Sandia and White Sands and all these places where the
guards are outdoors 24 hours a day. And every time they see something that's unusual,
just point the camera at it and take a picture, and then he says that he can take the reading
and match them up either by known objects or match them up in his lab and tell us what
the composition is of this object that's emitting this light. Now, we haven't, that's just
strictly in the planning stage now, we haven't done very much except Dr. Kaplan is now
trying to figure out the cheapest camera that he can build for us and the most rugged
camera so these guards can throw it around and still get some decent pictures of these
objects. Another thing that we've done is recently we've briefed the Air Defense
Command on this whole project and have got their cooperation in with their radar scope
cameras. As I mentioned before, we have had quite a few unknown radar returns. These
things have, the Air Defense Command radars tracked objects going anywhere from
1,000 up to about 3,500 miles an hour. We've never been able to determine, however, that
these weren't malfunctions in the radar set or due to some type of atmospheric
phenomena. We've tried to get the weather charts at the time or weather conditions at the
time this phenomena has occurred and try to correlate that data and show that due to a
certain type of weather condition that they had this type of return. Now, we haven't had
too much luck on that angle, so now we're going to try to get radar scope cameras and get
pictures of this stuff, and then we'll know. Before, we just had the radar observer's
interpretation of what he saw on the scope. We think that with pictures, probably we can
do a little bit more with this. Now, another step further than that, and we haven't done
anything on this except talk about it, and it may get into the point where we are going to

                                                                                          11
       do this, and that is try to put in a long focal length camera, try to match this, a long focal
       length camera with the radar spinner, so that whenever this radar operator gets a return,
       all he has to do is poke a button and this camera will take a picture of the area of the sky
       that the radar spinner is pointing at. And in that, if we get that far, and if we get a bad or
       funny return, we'll say, an unusual return on a scope, and if we get an image, no matter
       how big the image is, on the photographic plate or on the film at the same time, why then
       we can say that this radar operator was actually picking up something. I mean, that would
       be a great help to us now because we don't know for sure if they're even picking anything
       up. But that's the next step and it's still in the planning or even it's in the talking stage
       right now. That's about the main thing we're going to try to do as far as future plans are
       concerned. We want to get, try to get some concrete data to say that these things exist. Up
       till the present time, we've got no real proof that anything even exists. The only thing
       we've got are reports from very reliable people that do have a lot of details in them, but
       the details aren't the kind that we want. I mean, they don't give us enough data as to the
       possible performance or anything else that we might need on these objects. The official
       Air Force viewpoint is that we've got enough good reports from reliable people to be
       interested in this. We can't back up any of these books by Scully or Keyhoe and say that
       we know that they're from Venus or that we know they're from Russia or that we even
       know they exist. I mean, there's a possibility that everything that's being reported is some,
       is a balloon or is a meteor or ducks or anything you can think of that somebody just saw
       them from an odd angle or under odd lighting conditions and they look like something
       else. But it's at the present time, we have enough faith in these people that have been
       turning in the reports to say that we don't exactly believe them. I mean, we're going to
       have to get more proof before we can say that everything that's being seen is some known
       object just viewed under different circumstances.

I could go on for a long time telling you about the good reports we've had. I'd say about 20% of
the 800 or 900 reports that we now have just cannot be explained. I mean, you can't say that
looks like a meteor. You can't say that that could be a balloon if there's a balloon in the area
because it just doesn't tie up. And most of these people that have made these reports are well-
established airline pilots, I mean, old pilots who've had a lot of flying time, the people that
released these General Mills balloons have seen something, the people at White Sands have seen
very odd things, this Dr. LaPaz himself has seen a couple things floating over the mountains
down in New Mexico that he didn't, he couldn't explain. And we've got about 20% of our reports
are like that, that we just, we can't go up to them and say, 'Now you can't, this can't be, you're
nuts.' I mean, that would be our only answer on those. 'You're just crazy.' But you can't go up to
anybody and tell them that. I mean, they're, they've seen something and we don't know what it is.
Now, some of the big questions that enter our mind on this is one, the no sound business. If it
actually exists and there's no, there's some type of propulsion but there's no sound, what could it
possibly be? Another big question is, and it's getting into the lines of psychology, why or how
could a person look up at night or in the dusk, we'll say, or even in the daytime and see some of

                                                                                                  12
these things that they report? Now, right along those lines, we had, the same time these pictures
were taken down in Lubbock, within two or three days of that time, two women were driving
along in a car, and all of a sudden they looked out over the Texas plains and they saw this object
that they described as being top-shaped, like one of these old-fashioned tops you put a string
around and pull, and it was silver and it was hovering along over the prairie. And they drove up,
well, they approached it, and as they approached it, why the thing began to take off like that.
Well, now we checked on these women and found out that they were just as reliable as your
wives or anybody else. I mean, they didn't have any reputation of being habitual liars or
stretching stories or anything like that. They were just good old Texas farm wives is all they
were. And we questioned them, but that's their story. I mean, they said, 'That's what we saw. We
don't know what it was. We're leaving it up to the Air Force to tell us what we saw.' Well,
Thunder, we can't tell them. And once again, it goes down back to the point, how much can
people imagine? At the same time these Lubbock pictures were taken, in fact, it's the same night,
a guard and his wife from the Sandia base in Albuquerque were sitting out in their backyard, and
all of a sudden they looked up and they saw this big dark shape go over. And they said that it
was, it looked a lot like a flying wing type aircraft, and it was down about 150 feet and it just
scared the dickens out of them because it was so low. And they could see little exhaust flames on
the back of the airplane. Well, we checked them again and once again, we found out that they're
just good, normal people. I mean, the guy's been a guard at Sandia for a good number of years,
so he's reliable to that extent. I mean, they don't usually hire psychopathic cases to guard places
like Sandia. And just out of curiosity, we sent these pictures down to that guy, and the OSI
showed them to him and he said, 'Yeah,' he said, 'that's what I saw, but,' he said, 'it was, these
little lights are the exhaust stacks that I saw.' And it happened on the same night that these
pictures were taken, just about two hours before these people saw this thing at Lubbock. So, I
mean it, it's probably a coincidence, but again, you can't say it's a coincidence. I mean, we can't
get enough facts to ever pin it down, but it's one of those things that's just very interesting to
work on. I mean, it'll drive you nuts after a certain amount of time, but then we try to keep going
on it. That's about all that I had. If you've got any questions, well, we'd be very happy to discuss
any aspect of this whole thing with you folks.
(Question from audience)

   •   "What sort of performance data do you get out of these radar returns?"

   •   "Uh, it varies. It varies quite a bit. Usually high speed. When I say high speed, I mean
       anything over 1,000 miles an hour. Uh, they, for a while, we we thought we had it pinned
       down or our radar people did because the return always went over the station. It came in,
       went through the ground clutter, practically directly over the station and went out the
       other side. Now they claim that that was an indication of, uh, something, I'm not sure, uh,
       interference in their station or something like that. But lately, we, they haven't been doing
       that. I mean, they'll, they'll come in to the, uh, into the range and they'll maybe make a
       turn and go out. Now we had one interesting case from New Spay Library and, uh, this

                                                                                                  13
GCA operator was, uh, sitting there looking in his scope and all of a sudden he saw these
two objects come in. They were coming in about 4 or 500 miles an hour. And at the same
time a C-47 was coming in, he was going to land his 47. Well, he noticed they were on a
collision course, so he called the tower and said, 'Tell those two unidentified airplanes
they're on a collision course with this 47.' So the tower just called in the blind... The
tower said there's no other airplanes out there. The radar man said, 'Yes, there is.' The
tower just called in the blind and said, 'Uh, you two unidentified airplanes, you're on a
collision course with a 47.' And just as they said that, these two returns made a turn. Now,
once again, have we got coincidence or have we actually got something? See, I mean it,
uh... Do they speak English? ... So, that's about the only conclusion we can draw, they
must speak English. But, uh, that's some of the things we run into. We run into a lot of
that kind of stuff where we'll have a lot of small situations that all build up into a big one.
And it might be just a coincidence. It might be, we may put our imagination into it
unconsciously. Only we, we try to keep away from that. We try to stay right in the straight
and narrow. I mean, we don't want to, uh, be influenced either way on this thing. They
may be from Mars, but if they are, we don't want to think they are. We don't want to think
they're all balloons. I mean, we try to stay right in the middle of the road. Now, we had a
real interesting one from, uh, New Jersey, uh, around Sandy Hook and Fort Monmouth
here not too long ago. These pilots in a T-33 chased something, and about 10 minutes
later, all our radar stations in that area begin to pick these objects up going back and forth
all over the skies. And we thought, 'Boy, this is it.' So we tore up there to find out, and
boy, the story sounded real fine. These T-33 pilots saw this great big disc-shaped thing
over there and he took out after it and he couldn't catch it. And then the radar stations
begin to pick up these signals and they were clocking speeds up to 3,500 miles an hour
and everything else. Well, it turned out that the pilots had seen a big balloon. It was larger
than a normal weather balloon, had been launched at Fort Monmouth. And they were a
little bit mixed up with their rate of closure and stuff like that and had seen a balloon.
And the radar crews, the first radar crew had picked up a, probably just an ordinary
aircraft, but they were giving a demonstration to a bunch of colonels and the operators
got a little bit flustered on the whole thing and they couldn't lock in this automatic
tracking, so they assumed the thing must be going about 3,500 miles an hour. And it
turned out the reason they couldn't lock it in is they were just too excited and got a little
bit fouled up on their procedures. And from then on, why they were picking up weather
balloons, uh, with these radar reflectors hanging on them and everything else, and the
students, incidentally, it turned out they were mostly student radar operators picking this
stuff up. The, uh, headquarters had called in and hadn't explained anything. They just
said, 'Get on your radar scopes and look for these mysterious objects floating around.'
Well, that's all it took for these kids because, boy, they saw everything. Well, what at first
appeared to be a very good sighting just all broke down when we get enough facts. Now


                                                                                            14
    maybe they'll all turn out to do that, but so far, we've got an awful lot of them that we
    can't even come close to explaining."

•   "I'd like to, at the risk of repeating, just sum up some of these points. One is, Lieutenant
    Ruppelt mentioned around 800 cases that we have in our files. We know that that's only a
    portion of the sightings that have been made. Those are the ones that have managed to be
    reported to some military base and then through channels get to us. You can read local
    newspapers almost anywhere in the country, and if you read them over a period of time,
    you'll find stories on these things that we have not heard of. We've even heard of them in
    military organizations that have not been reported because I think it's almost a case of the
    airline pilots that wonder if there isn't something peculiar. For example, I was talking to
    some people from SAC the other day, and they were telling me about a radar bomb
    scoring run of a B-29 out at St. Louis. And they were following the B-29 in to the initial
    point. The operator noticed this plane flying or an object at 48,000 feet. The B-29 was at
    25,000 feet. He immediately thought, 'Well, that's possible.' I mean, double harmonics or
    something, and anyway, he explained it away in his own mind. Well, then the blip started
    descending on a collision course, and a quick check revealed that it was descending at a
    rate of something like 1,000 miles an hour. He got a little more concerned, still thought,
    'Well, possibly this is either in the radar or in some atmospheric condition.' Well then
    when the thing broke off and made a turn and then another turn and took the course and
    disappeared, they just don't know what it is. We find on these radar sightings that you're
    just left pretty much outside. I mean, you can't really dig in. You haven't got anything
    because there's so many of them that can be explained as there's a possibility that it is
    something either in the atmosphere or in the set. We had one good one not too long ago,
    and one of our electronics people pulled out a textbook and, gee, there was a case written
    up in the textbook exactly what had been reported to us. A hovering object that made a
    rapid rate of ascent and then took off on a course. Well, such a thing has occurred
    apparently because of weather phenomena, been reported and pretty thoroughly written
    up. So we find that whole area of sightings, I mean we're just left without any answers.
    One point that was not brought out is our relationship with Battelle."

•   "Oh, yes, I forgot to mention... Battelle Memorial Institute. They're one of the contractors
    who do work for us and... (inaudible) ...They're always silent. They became interested in
    this when we pointed out to them one day that here's an area in which we've had a lot of
    problems, and we're looking for help. We don't know the answers. So, one of the things
    that they hope to do for us is make available to us people who are specialists in various
    areas. So if we get a case that calls for an astronomer, we can quickly get an astronomer
    to work on it. Another thing is possibly a clipping service that will bring in a mass of
    reports we don't have, and if any of them are worth following up, we can. But our
    problem is just getting facts. We don't have enough facts to do anything other than
    explain that 80% of these, roughly, are known objects, or possibly. As a matter of fact,

                                                                                                15
       they're not 80% definitely proved, but say 60 definitely. I mean, there's no question in our
       mind it was a plane or something else. And then, these are rough figures, say 20% that
       maybe could have been a plane, a balloon, or a meteor. And then there's that 20% like the
       green fireballs and the lights that we just do not have an answer for. Now, one thing that
       people have suggested, 'Well, how about a feasibility study?' Well, you, a feasibility of
       what? The unknown. We're stuck there."

(Question from audience)

   •   "Have all the intelligence officers of the bases and units been alerted on this and they
       report everything, or is the military generally alerted to this?"

   •   "Yes, we, we should have brought that out early. There is a directive from Headquarters,
       USAF, that establishes a reporting procedure. Now, we felt for a long time, like most
       directives, particularly if there's no activity on it, people forget about it. I mean, it gets
       stuck off in the file. We've also felt that it was not a very good one. It had a lot of weak
       points in it. So we prepared a new directive, and in the meantime suggested that they go
       ahead and remind all of these people that there is a reporting procedure set up so that it
       would bring reports in. And the new directive has just recently been coordinated, I
       believe, hasn't it? It's going back to DOI right now."

   •   "And it should be out. Now, Lieutenant Ruppelt, in getting around on these cases, of
       course, does a lot of missionary work because when he hits a base, I mean, he briefs them
       pretty thoroughly on our problem. And the places he's hit, I'm sure, are well aware of how
       it's done. I'm equally sure there are a number of these places that just don't know. They
       probably have a directive somewhere."

   •   "I was just thinking of my own case. I knew you folks were interested from this
       association or others, but no still any efficient channel that never heard that there's any
       interest from..."

   •   "How about the ground observer corps? They have 100,000 people, don't they? And
       they're quite active now, but I haven't..."

   •   "We, they are to a certain extent, sir. We've talked about that quite a bit, and we don't
       know whether it's worth alerting those people. Now, they're not now on a 24-hour basis.
       They will, they hope to get them on a 24-hour basis soon. But, we don't know exactly
       how far to go. I mean, we're afraid maybe if we alert that number of people, then
       everybody in the United States will get excited again. That's the thing we're trying to keep
       out of this thing is this excitement business. Now, in two weeks, a week from this coming
       Friday, Life is coming out with an article on these objects, and we've been working
       closely with Life, and they're supposedly are going to print what we told them to. I hope
       they do. They're going to put it on a factual basis. I mean, just about like this briefing. In
       other words, there may be something to it, but we don't know. And we feel that that report

                                                                                                     16
       may tend to take the mysteriousness and hysteria out of the thing and just get people to
       give us a few reports, you know, people with good common sense instead of all these nut
       letters that we get occasionally. Another thing, Colonel Kirkland referred to this
       newspaper clipping service, we hope to get that started before this Life magazine article
       comes out and keep it going over say a period of a year and see how the peaks in the
       newspaper publicity correspond with the peaks in this, in the reports that we get. We feel
       that after Life comes out, why then several other magazines will undoubtedly pick this
       stuff up. A True magazine is supposed to be coming out with an article sometime within
       the next couple months. It will be slanted the other way. It's going to be written by one of
       these science fiction writers, and it should give us no end of trouble. We haven't been able
       to get True to cooperate with us at all. I mean, I shouldn't say that, they probably would,
       but their type of magazine, I mean, they sell a sensational item, and they don't, they want
       to play it up. And then, I believe Look is also thinking about coming out with an article.
       So, magazines are going to follow Life and we'll probably run into a little bit of flak
       again on this thing.

(Question from audience)
   •   "Is it unlikely, or rather, is it likely that any of these magazines have facts or data which
       they would withhold just for the sake of being sensational?"

   •   "Life magazine has a lot of information that we do not have on different sightings. They
       have some very good sightings too. I mean, they've called in some pretty important
       people around the United States. They won't, they're very hesitant to tell you who works
       for them as their consultants. But they have got some pretty good sightings that we have
       never heard of, and they're going to use those in their article, although they have checked
       those with us. The two or three old standbys that everybody always plays up, such as this
       Mantell case down in Kentucky where this guy got killed chasing one of them,
       supposedly, the one up in Sioux Falls, South Dakota where the F-51 pilot fought with this
       thing for 15 minutes, and a few of those that are outstanding as far as the science fiction
       writers are concerned, Life is going to leave out. They're not going to dig those up again
       and rehash them again."
(Question from audience)

   •   "Was it ever established what caused Mantell's death and disintegration?"

   •   "Well, they think, I mean, the official report is, and I tend to believe it, is that he didn't
       have any oxygen at all, and he just climbed up until he passed out and then the airplane
       went into a dive and just tore itself to pieces. I think that that probably, what he was
       chasing is still open to discussion. It was either, probably either Venus or one of these
       great big Skyhook balloons that General Mills puts up, because there was one lost in the
       area at the time, although they were never able to say where it was, except that it was

                                                                                                    17
       either over Kentucky or Tennessee. That's all they've been able to pin down, and they
       think that that might have been it. But..."

(Question from audience)

   •   "Is this still classified top secret, since Life is coming out with it?"

   •   "No, uh, we've, we actually, we carry it as confidential, the overall project. We're trying
       to get it dropped down to restricted now because Life is going to come out with a lot of
       material we've given them that is classified, or was classified at one time. The only time
       this was classified top secret was right after it came out. We've been carrying this
       confidential. There are some aspects of it we'll have to keep classified as secret or maybe
       higher when we start listing Air Defense radar stations, possible tie-in with some of our
       latest developments and things like that. We'll have to keep that classified. But just, or
       just the details of a sighting, we're going to try to declassify to restricted because we've
       had trouble in the past on that. Some newspaper will call up and say, 'Big sighting up
       somewhere,' and we'll say, 'Yes, we've heard about it.' And they'll say, 'What's the results?'
       We'll say, 'We can't tell you about that, it's classified.' So immediately they come out with
       a big story about, 'The Air Force just picked up a spaceship somewhere and they won't
       tell us about it.' And that's the thing we're trying to get away from. I mean, we don't want
       to excite anybody on the project."

   •   "There is one other area that's classified, and that's where we have reports on people. Yes,
       you know, their background to try to determine whether they're reliable or not. We run
       into one interesting bit of discussion on this classification because some people who say,
       'Well, now, these could be from Russia,' which is true, they could be. 'Therefore, we're
       doing them a great service reporting them in our papers very carefully where they get
       plots,' which is true. But we feel that the papers, I mean, when they get one, are going to
       report it, and then they're going to come to us for what we know on it. And it's inevitable
       if the papers pick it up. So that's one reason we like this reporting channel that's
       established, that if anybody sights one of them, it's not too illogical for somebody if he
       sees something in the air to call the nearest Air Force base. I mean, it's one of the first
       things he would think of, 'Maybe they've got something in the air.' And we have found,
       though, just as an example of this T-33 case you mentioned, the reporters are right on
       hand to discuss this thing with the pilots when they landed, and took pictures of them."
   •   "We found out that in the New York area, some paper, I couldn't tell you which one it is,
       monitors VHF, monitors all the air traffic in the area. And I don't know why they do it,
       but they do. And that's where they picked up that T-33 incident, was monitoring the air
       traffic. Now, I heard two different stories. One that the newspaper actually has a setup
       themselves to monitor it. Another one that they have two or three hams in the area alerted
       to call them if anything happens. But this T-33 pilot did call the tower and told them
       about it, and the newspapers were right on it. So, we found out one thing, and that is the

                                                                                                  18
       newspapers surpass the Air Force in their intelligence channels. They're good. I mean,
       there's just no getting around it."

(Inaudible talk about Mr. Davis and the President)

   •   "Well, I actually, it goes a little further than that. I mean, it's a wonderful ally. I think the
       project has varied in its handling a lot just through a difference of opinion or, you know,
       changes in opinion. There's been great interest in it and then it would fall away, not too
       much interest, and then great interest. And that's officially too, as well as the public. We
       feel that by going right down the line and taking every case we get and trying to get
       additional facts and encouraging anybody and everybody to give us information, there are
       a lot of groups that are interested in this. There's a, I don't know whether any of you read
       the Time article a few weeks ago on the saucers. Well, there's a group out on the West
       Coast that's in their spare time trying to get all of these cases they can to work on. We feel
       that that group, if we're quite frank with them, would be very cooperative and help us. I
       mean, we're not trying to hide anything, we're trying to get help. You do have a problem
       and how far you go publicly, but I think possibly this Life type article will help if they, if
       they publish what we expect."

End of recording; nothing follows.


                                                                                                     19
