{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T08:52:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 46585170, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870798259962374, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d138-aawsap-dird-warp-drive-dark-energy-and-the-manipulation-of-extra-dimensions-april-2-2010.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870797997486710, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d138-aawsap-dird-warp-drive-dark-energy-and-the-manipulation-of-extra-dimensions-april-2-2010.pdf", "source_sha256": "4f597da9196813b852baa502bb3fdd002f5aeca84db868caba2e8c5aa23dda9c"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFI&il.t.k WIiii 8Plklf


                         Defense
                         Intelligence
                         Reference
                         Document
                         Acquisition Threat Support
2 April 2010

ICOD : 1 December 2009

DIA-08- 1004-001


                         Warp Drive, Dark Energy, and
                         the Manipulation of Extra
                         Dimensions


                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI&iIAk WSE 8,.L\'
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /F8R e,,1cMt tl!H! t)f\1L'I'


 Warp Drive, Dark Energy, and the Manipulation of Extra
 Dimensions


 Prepared by:

 Acquisition Support Division (DW0-3)
 Defense Warning Office
 Directorate for Analysis
 Defense Intelligence Agency

 Authors:
AAP Person 74, AAP Person 58


 Administrative Note

 COPYRIGHT WARN ING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.


 This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
 under the Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace
 Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
 this document should be addressed to !AAP Person 1                       l
                                                                   AAWSA Program
 Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: CLAR/DWO-3, Bldg 6000, Washington,
 DC 20340-5100.


 ii                   UNCLASSIFIED//liOA OlililCI0L !!5i ODIL¥
                             UNCLASSIFIED//P61t OfflOIAL WSli &••kY


Contents
Introduction ............................................................................................................v

2. General Relativistic Warp Drives ........................................................................ 1

      2.1 Warp Drive Requirements ............................................................................ 2

3. The Cosmological Constant ................................................................................ 4

      3.1 Einstein's Equation and the Introduction of/\ .............................................. 4

4. Casimir Energy and the Quantum Vacuum .......................................................... 5

      4.1 The Casimir Effect ........................................................................................ 6

5. Extra Space Dimensions ..................................................................................... 8

      5.1 Kaluza-Klein Theory ..................................................................................... 8

      5.2 Large Extra Dimensions.............................................................................. 10

      5.3 Randall Sundrum Brane Models .................................................................. 11

      5.4 Extra Dimension Summary ......................................................................... 12

6. Dark Energy as a Higher Dimensional Artifact .................................................. 12

7. Warp Drive and Higher Dimensional Manipulation ........................................... 15

      7.1 Adjusting Higher Dimensions for Propulsions ............................................ 16

      7.2 The Geometry of Extra Dimensions ............................................................ 17

      7.3 Higher Dimensions and Stabilization .......................................................... 17

      7 .4 Elementary Warp Drive Calculations .......................................................... 20

      7.5 Future Experiments .................................................................................... 22

      7 .6 The Development of the Technology .......................................................... 23

8. Summary .......................................................................................................... 24


Figures

Figure 1. York Extrinsic Time (9-) Plot..................................................................... 1
Figure 2. The Interior Region of Parallel Conducting Plates ................................... 7
Figure 3. Internal Structure of a Seemingly One-Dimensional Object .................... 9
Figure 4. Manipulated Extra Dimension ................................................................ 15


iii                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FQR 8FFl61Ak W&lii &••kY
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'FOR OFFl@IJliL ~!H! 6HLY

Figure 5. Artist's Conception of a Futuristic Warp Drive Spacecraft ..................... 16
Figure 6. A Toroidal Higher Dimension ................................................................. 17
Figure 7. A Combination of Phenomenologically Viable Fields .............................. 19
Figure 8. False Vacuum Minima ............................................................................ 19
Figure 9. Thick and Thin Shell Warp Bubble ......................................................... 21


Tables
Table 1. Transit Times to Various Exotic Destinations at 100 Times the Speed of
         Light .........................................................................................................vi
Table 2. Negative Energy Required for Warp Bubble (Larger Negative Energy) ..... 3
Table 3. Negative Energy Required for Warp Bubble ............................................ 22


iv                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOfl OFFICIAL ~SI: OHL\S
                   UNCLASSIFIED//FOA OFFIGlal1L W&li O•ILY


Warp Drive, Dark Energy, and the Manipulation of Extra
Dimensions
Introduction
If one is to realistically entertain the notion of interstellar exploration in
timeframes of a human lifespan, a dramatic shift in the traditional approach to
spacecraft propulsion is necessary. It has been known and well tested since
the time of Einstein that all matter is restricted to motion at sublight velocities
(<< 3 x 108 m/s, the speed of light, or c), and that as matter approaches the
speed of light, its mass asymptotically approaches infinity. This mass increase
ensures that an infinite amount of energy would be necessary to travel at the
speed of light, and, thus, this speed is impossible to reach and represents an
absolute speed limit to all matter traveling through spacetime.

Even if an engine were designed that could propel a spacecraft to an
appreciable fraction of light speed, travel to even the closest stars would take
many decades in the frame of reference of an observer on Earth. Although
these lengthy transit times would not make interstellar exploration impossible,
they would certainly dampen the enthusiasm of governments or private
individuals funding these missions. After all, a mission whose success is
perhaps a century away would be difficult to justify. In recent years, however,
physicists have discovered two loopholes to Einstein's ultimate speed limit:
the Einstein-Rosen bridge ( commonly referred to as a "wormhole") and the
warp drive. Fundamentally, both ideas involve manipulation of spacetime itself
in some exotic way that allows for faster-than-light (FTL) travel.

Essentially, the wormhole involves connecting two potentially distant regions
of space by a topological shortcut. Theoretically, one would enter the
wormhole and instantaneously be transported to the exit located in a distant
region of space. Although no observational evidence of wormholes exists,
theoretically they can exist as a valid solution to general relativity.

The warp drive-the main focus this paper-involves local manipulation of the
fabric of space in the immediate vicinity of a spacecraft. The basic idea is to
create an asymmetric bubble of space that is contracting in front of the
spacecraft while expanding behind it. Using this form of locomotion, the
spacecraft remains stationary inside this "warp bubble," and the movement of
space itself facilitates the relative motion of the spacecraft. The most
attractive feature of the warp drive is that the theory of relativity places no
known restrictions on the motion of space itself, thus allowing for a
convenient circumvention of the speed of light barrier.

An advanced aerospace platform incorporating warp drive technology would
profoundly alter the capacity to explore-and potentially to colonize-the
universe. Because a warp drive is not limited by the speed of light, one can
only guess the top speeds such a technology might be capable of achieving.
For the sake of argument, let's consider the duration of trips taken by a


V                UNCLASSIFIED/ j'FOR. OFFIOIAL WSE OHL\f
                           UNCLASSIFIED//F0R 0FFIOIAL WSli a••tv

spacecraft capable of 100c1 for an array of exotic destinations of possible
interest. As Table 1 shows, trips to the planets within our own solar system
would take hours rather than years, and journeys to local star system would
be measured in weeks rather than hundreds of thousands of years.

                   Table 1. Transit Times to Various Exotic Destinations
                              at 100 Times the Speed of Light


                               Destination                     Transit Time
                          Mars                             193 seconds
                          Jupiter                          36 minutes
                          Neptune                          4 hours
                          Alpha Centauri                   15 days
                          Epsilon Eridani                  38 days
                          The Orion Nebula                 1.3 years


Until recently, the warp drive was a concept reserved for science fiction.
However, a 1994 paper by Miguel Alcubierre placed the idea on a more solid
theoretical footing. Alcubierre (Reference 1) demonstrated that a specific
Lorentzian manifold could be chosen that exhibited bubble-like features
reminiscent of the warp drive from the popular Star Trek television series. The
bubble allowed for the surrounding spacetime to move at FTL speeds, and the
inhabitants of the bubble would feel no acceleration effects because spacetime
itself would be in motion instead of the spacecraft and its inhabitants.

A number of papers have emerged in recent years that build on this original
idea. However, these papers do not typically address how one might actually
create the necessary spacetime bubble. Our own research directly addresses
this question from a new and unique perspective and introduces a novel
paradigm shift in the field of warp drive study (Reference 2). More formally,
our work approaches the physics of warp drive from the perspective of
quantum field theory; this diverges from the more traditional approach to
warp drives, which utilizes the physics of general relativity. One of the
improvements the model introduces is a dramatic reduction in the overall
energy required to create such a phenomenon.

The roadmap to this new idea was the observation that spacetime is currently
known to be in a state of accelerated expansion, as demonstrated by the
redshifting of galaxies, and the belief that if the mechanism for this expansion
could be understood, then it might ultimately be controlled. A popular term
used by cosmologists today is "dark energy," an exotic and ubiquitous form of
energy that is believed to constitute over 70 percent of the matter-energy
content of the universe (Reference 3-6). One salient feature of dark energy is
its intrinsic ability to generate negative pressure, causing the fabric of space
to expand in the way that is currently observed (Reference 7).


1 This speed, while somewhat arbitrary, highlights the fact that our galaxy wo uld become far more accessible if or

when one discovers how to surpass the speed of light barrier.


vi                       UNCLASSIFIED/,'FQR. QFFIOIAL WSI: OHL\'
                   UNCLASSIFIED//P01t 0PPl@IIIIL wse 8HL\f

Although we know what dark energy does, we do not yet fully understand its
nature. We do not understand why it exists or how it is created; we simply
know it provides an ever-present force on spacetime, causing the universe to
expand. Indeed, recent high-precision experimental observations indicate dark
energy may be a cosmological vacuum energy (Reference 8-10). These
observations are based on the magnitudes of high-redshift supernova and
have been a source of high research activity of late owing to the unexpected
discovery that the rate of expansion of the universe is increasing (commonly
referred to as accelerated expansion).

One tantalizing aspect of dark energy is that if it were fully understood, and if
a technology were developed that could generate and harness the exotic
effects of dark energy on the fabric of space, then a warp drive would be one
step closer to technological reality. While a full understanding of the true
nature of dark energy may be many years away, it is entirely feasible that
experimental breakthroughs at the Large Hadron Collider or developments in
the field of M-theory could lead to a quantum leap in our understanding of this
unusual form of energy and perhaps help to direct technological innovations.

Our own research focuses on gaining an understanding of the physical origin
of dark energy. By exploring novel ideas at the forefront of theoretical physics,
one is able to propose a physically viable model incorporating some of the
cutting-edge ideas emerging from string theory and quantum field theory. This
leads to a deeper understanding of the possible origin of dark energy and
allows consideration of a mechanism that would allow a sufficiently advanced
technology to control the dark energy density in any region of space, and thus
the expansion of space. This work has clear implications for the advancement
of warp drive research.

This paper is structured as follows: Section 2 reviews the more traditional
general relativistic warp drives, the energy required to create them, and the
physics required to understand them. Section 3 discusses the cosmological
constant, a term featured in Einstein's equation that regulates the contraction
and expansion of the spacetime. Section 4 introduces the Casimir energy,
which, under certain conditions, may be the phenomenon that physically
generates the cosmological constant. Section 5 discusses higher dimensions in
physics and their importance in the context of Casimir energy calculations.
Section 6 introduces the formulas that demonstrate that the Casimir energies
in higher dimensions may in fact be the dark energy that is responsible for the
accelerated expansion of the universe. Section 7 relates all the previous
concepts together and introduces the novel warp drive paradigm. Section 8
performs original calculations of the energy required to create a superluminal
warp drive. Finally, the paper speculates about the technological progress that
would be necessary to turn this model into a reality.


vii              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR. OFFIOIAL wse OHL\f
                            UNCLASSIFIED/i'F8R 8FFIOlsllL WSli (U•LY


2 . General Relativistic Warp Drives
Alcubierre (Reference 1) derived a spacetime metric motivated by cosmological inflation
that would allow arbitrarily short travel times between two distant points in space. The
"warp drive" metric uses coordinates (t, x, y, z) and curve (or worldline) x = Xsh (t), y =
0, z = 0, lying in the t-x plane passing through the origin. Note that Xsh is the x-axis
coordinate position of the moving spacesh ip (or warp bubble) frame. The metric 1
specifying this particular spacetime geometry is (Reference 1):

                                                                                                                   (2.1)

where c is the speed of light, Vsh(t) is the speed associated with the curve (or warp
bubble speed), and Tsh(t) is the Euclidean distance from the curve. The warp bubble
shape function f (rsh) is any smooth positive function that satisfies f (0) = 1 and
decreases away from the origin to vanish when Tsh > R for some distance R. The
geometry of each spatial slice is flat, and spacetime is flat where f (rsh ) vanishes but is
curved where it does not vanish.

The driving mechanism of Equation (2.1) is the York extrinsic time, 9. This quantity is
defined as ( Reference 1) :

                                                   S = v," x," df .                                                (2.2)
                                                         C   ~h   d,;"

The 9 behavior of the warp drive bubble
provides for the simultaneous expansion
of space behind the spacecraft and a
corresponding contraction of space in
front of the spacecraft. Figure 1 illustrates
the 9 behavior of the warp drive bubble
geometry. Thus the spacecraft is
enveloped within a warp bubble and can
be made to exhibit an arbitrarily large
faster-than-light {FTL) speed (Vsh >> c)
as viewed by external coordinate
observers. Even though the worldlines
inside the warp bubble reg ion are
spacelike for all external observers, the
moving spaceship (warp bubble) frame
itself never travels outside of its local
comoving lig ht cone and thus does not
violate special relativity.                                   Figure 1. York Extrinsic Time (S.} Plot


1 A spacetime metric (ds 2), or line element, is a Lorentz-invariant distance fu nction between any two points in

spacetime that is defined by ds2 = 9a,-d><" dx'', where g,"' is the metric tensor which is a 4 x4 matrix that encodes the
geometry of spacetime and dX" is the infinitesimal coord inate separation between two points. The Greek indices ( µ,
v = 0... 3) denote spacetime coordinates, x 0...x 3, such that x 1...x 3 = space coordinates and xD = time coordinate.


1
                            UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIGl,1L W&i &~•LY
                            UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6Pfl@IIIIL tf!JIE 8HL\S


2.1 WARP DRIVE REQUIREMENTS
Implementation of FTL interstellar travel via warp drives requires engineering of
spacetime into very specialized local geometries as shown by Equation (2.1). The
analysis of these via the general relativistic field equation plus the resultant source
matter equations of state demonstrates that such geometries require the use of
"exotic" matter in order to produce the requis ite FTL spacetime modification. Exotic
matter is generally defined by general relativity (GR) physics to be matter that
possesses (renormalized) negative energy density and/or negative stress-tension ( =
positive outward pressure, aka gravitational repulsion). The term is widely
misunderstood and misapplied by the non-GR community. Also, it has been claimed
that FTL spacetimes are not plausible because exotic matter violates the general
relativistic energy conditions. 2 However, this has been shown to be a spurious issue
(Reference 11).

The energy density for the Alcubierre (Reference 1) warp drive that is derived from the
general relativistic field equation is complex, so we instead use a more simple formu la
to express the net energy required, E.varp , to build a warp bubble around a spaceship
(Reference 12):

                                             =_ v2warp c4 R2 cr
                                Ewarp                  G                                                           (2.3)
                                             =-( l.21 x 1044 ) v:,,up R2 cr,

where G is Newton's un iversal gravitation constant (6.673 x 10- 11 N·m 2 /kg 2 ), Vwarp is the
dimensionless speed of the warp bubble, R (> 0) is the radius of the warp bubble, and cr
(> 0) is proportional to the inverse of the warp bubble wall th ickness L'. (i.e., cr ~ 1/L'. ).
Equation (2.3) characterizes the amount of negative energy that one needs to localize
in the walls of the warp bubble . Table 2 presents a tabulation of the required negative
energy as a function of the "warp factor," Vwarp , One can compare the values of E.varp in
the table with the (positive) rest-energy contained in the Sun (1.79 x 10 47 J). The
consequence of Equation (2.3) and Table 2 is that if one wants to travel at hyperlight
speeds, then the warp bubble energy requirement will be an enormous negative
number. And this remains true even if one eng ineers an arbitrarily low sublight speed
warp bubble. Engineering a warp drive bubble is quite daunting given these results.

2 The condition for ordinary, classical (non-exotic) forms of matter t hat we are fami liar with in nature is that PE > p

and/or PE ;:: 0, where PE is t he energy density and p is t he pressure/stress-tension of some source of matter. These
conditions represent two examples of what are variously called the "standa rd" energy conditions : Weak Energy
Condition (WEC: PE.?: 0, PE + p .?: 0), Null Energy Cond it ion (NEC : PE + p ~ 0), Dominant Energy Condition (DEC),
and Strong Energy Condition (SEC). These energy conditions forbid negative energy density between material
objects to occur in nature, but they are mere hypotheses. The energy conditions were developed to establish a
series of mathematical hypotheses governing the behavior of collapsed - matter singularities in the study of
cosmology and black holes .


2
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL W&i OIUl.:Y
                     UNCLASSIFIED//F8R 8FFIOl:AL WSE 8HL\f

                Table 2. Negative Energy Required for Warp Bubble
                            (Larger Negative Energy)

                          Warp Factor, Vwarp                         Ewarp (J)

                             10- 5 (= 3 km/s)                      - 3.03 X 1040
                            10-4 (= 30 km/s)                       - 3.03 X 1042
                          0.01 (= 3,000 km/s)                      - 3.03 X 1046
                         0.5 (= 150,000 km/s)                      -7.59 X 1049
                            1 (= light speed)                      - 3.03 X 1050
                          2 (= 600,000 km/s)                       - 1.21 X 1051
                         10 (= 3.0 X 106 km/s)                     - 3.03 X 1052
                        100 (= 3.0 x 107 km/s)                     - 3.03 X 1054
                                   Assume: R = 50 m cr = 103 m- 1

Lobo and Visser (Reference 12) constructed an improved model of the warp drive
spacetime by applying linearized gravity to the weak-field warp drive case and testing
the energy conditions to first and second orders of Vwarp , The fundamental basis of their
model is that it specifically includes a finite mass spaceship that interacts with the warp
bubble. Their results verified that all warp drive spacetimes violate the energy
cond itions and will continue to do so for arb itrarily low warp bubble speed. They also
found that the energy condition violations in this class of spaceti mes is generic to the
form of the geometry under consideration and is not a side effect of t he superlum inal
properties. Based on these facts plus Equation (2.3) and Table 2, it appears that for all
conceivable laboratory experiments in which negative energy ca n be created in minute
amounts, the warp bubble speed will be absurdly low.

Coup ling of the finite spaceship mass with t he warp bubble leads to the (quite
reasonable) condition that the net total energy stored in the warp bubble be less than
the total rest-energy of the spacesh ip itself, which places a strong constra int upon the
(dimension less) speed of the warp bubb le (Reference 3) :


                                    < [2__2 ( M .hip R , hip2 ti
                              v,.,.rp-
                                         C      R.hip     R
                                                                   J]i
                                                                                       (2.4)


where M ship and R ship are the mass and size of the spaceship, respectively, and R is the
rad ius of the warp bubble. Equation (2.4) ind icates that for any reasonable values of
the enginee ring parameters inside the brackets, Vwarp will be absurdly low. This result is
due to the intrinsic nonlinearity of the general relativistic field equation. To illustrate
this poi nt, the example starship parameters from Table 2 (R = 50 m, ~ 1/cr = 10-3 m)
are inserted into Equation (2.4) and assume M ship = 10 6 kg to find that Vwarp ~ 1.72 x
10- 14 (or 5. 16 x 10-6 m/s). Garden snails can crawl faster than th is. And if Rand M ship


3
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /F8R 8FFl6lal.tL W&i O~ILY
                          UNCLASSIFIED//P61t OfflOl.tltL WSli &••LY

are kept constant, then t... = 3.37 x 10 24 m (or 3.57 x 108 light-years) in order for Vwarp :::;
1, wh ich is an unrealistic requirement on the warp bubble design.

Because this energy requirement is so phenomenally high one finds it of paramount
importance to explore new ideas in the field of warp drive technology . What now follows
is a pedagogically rich review of the novel warp drive concept that we have been
developing since 2005.

3 . The Cosmological Constant
Einstein is famous for a multitude of achievements in the field of physics. Arguably his
most notable contribution is the General Theory of Relativity, a geometric description of
gravitation whose fundamental idea relates the matter and the energy content of the
universe to the geometry of spacetime. Simply put, the presence of matter and energy
causes spacetime to curve, and this curvature controls how matter and energy move
through spacetime. General relativity has been the prevailing theory of gravitation since
1915 and thus far has unambiguously passed observational and experimental tests. It
remains an active area of research and technology is still being developed to test
certain features of the theory . Gravitationa l waves, for example, are one prediction
from GR; however, technology is only now reaching the stage of maturity to allow for
the detection of these waves .

3 .1 EINSTEIN 'S EQUATION AND THE INTRODUCTION OF/\

Upon completion of GR, Einstein applied his theory to the entire universe. He firmly
believed in Mach's principle, and the only way to satisfy this was to assume that space
is globally closed and that the metric tensor should be determined uniquely from the
energy-momentum tensor (Reference 13). He also assumed that the universe was
static, which was a reasonable assumption at the time because observational
astronomy had not advanced to a level that contradicted this paradigm. In 1917, when
a static solution to his equations could not be found, he introduced the cosmologica l
constant A (Reference 14): 3

                                             I          8nG
                                      RI"' - 2Rg pv = 7       ~, v+ Agµv ·                  (3.1)


In this equation Rµv is the Ricci curvature tensor, R is the Ricci curvature scalar, Tµv is
the stress-energy-momentum tensor, 4 and gJI" is the spacetime metric. The left-hand
side of Equation (3.1) encodes the curvature in the geometry of spacetime, and the
right-hand side encodes the source of matter-energy that curves spacetime.

The addition of A can be understood as a term in the equation which allows one to
adjust theory to match observation. In Einstein's case, he chose to add A to ensure that
the universe was static and unchanging. In later years, he often referred to this
amendment to his equations as his "biggest blunder." Several years after GR had been
formulated, the astronomer Edwin Hubble discovered the phenomenon of galactic
redshifting, which strongly indicated that the universe was indeed expanding. This
3 Pronounced "lambda ."
4 Tµ,· encodes the density and flux of a matter source's energy and momentum.


4
                          UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOlil OFFICIO L W&i O•ILY
                     UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6ffl@IIIIL HS£ 8HL\S

theoretical prediction from GR was ignored by Einstein because of his belief in a static
universe.

Even though Einstein retracted the addition of A into his equations, it is now known that
it does indeed play a role and is typically included in GR equations. Data from precise
astronomical observations strongly suggest that an extremely small, yet non-zero A is a
necessary feature of GR and is responsible for the expansion of the universe that is
observed.

From a physical perspective, A represents an inherent energy density associated with
empty space. One way to envision this is to take a perfectly insulating box into deep
space, and then to remove all matter and all energy from this box so that it encloses a
perfect void. Even in this emptiness, a residua l energy fie ld would remain. According to
GR, the effect of th is energy would be to cause the region of space to expand, albeit at
an extremely small rate. To summarize, A is a ubiquitous, ever present feature of
space, and its presence causes space to expand.

In the late 1990s it emerged that not only is the universe expanding, but the rate of
expansion is, in fact, increasing. Since then, it has become more popular to refer to A
as dark energy, and the remainder of this paper will follow this convention.

Although the role of dark energy is extremely well understood mathematically, and in
the context of its effects on spacetime, its physical nature is still a mystery. One knows
that it is homogeneous, not particularly dense, and that it does not interact with any of
the fundamental forces of nature. One also knows that it exerts negative pressure on
spacetime, which expla ins the observed accelerated expansion (Reference 15, 16). As
there is yet to be a reasonable explanation for the fundamental origin of dark energy,
the problem is considered serious and has been tackled by a large number of eminent
and respected physicists, including previous Nobel prize winners (Reference 17).

Because dark energy is intimately related to the expansion of space, and because this
expansion is exactly the feature that would allow for a warp drive to function, an
understanding of this mysterious energy is of paramount importance in the
development of this novel propulsion technology.

4. Casimir Energy and the Quantum Vacuum
A central theme in th is paper is the notion of the quantum vacuum . To a particle
physicist, the term "vacuum" means the ground state of a quantum field in some
quantum theory for matter. In general, this ground state must obey Lorentz invariance,
at least with regards to three spatial dimensions, meaning that the vacuum must look
identical to all observers.

At all energies probed by experiments to date, the universe is accurately described as a
set of quantum fields. To a non-physicist a quantum field may, at first, be a strange
concept to grasp. This is because one generally likes to visualize the things one thinks
about; for example, an electron and even a photon provides something one can, on
some level, picture in one's minds. Simply put, a quantum field is an intangible
mathematical object whose properties are ideal in explain ing nature. Theories have
reached such an advanced level that the familia r physical images that one appreciates


5
                     UNCLASSIFIED//P91t 6PPl@IJIIL HS! 9HLY
                              UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6PPICIIIIL tt!I!! 6HLY

must be abandoned for more erudite mathematical constructions which are better
suited at describing the building blocks of nature (Reference 18-20).

 If one takes the Fourier transform of a free quantum field,5 each mode of a fixed
wavelength behaves like a simple harmonic oscillator. A quantum mechanical property
of a simple harmonic oscillator is that the ground state exhibits zero-point fluctuations
as a consequence of the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. One way to understand these
zero-point fluctuations is to imagine releasing a pendulum and watching as dissipative
forces slowly try to bring the pendulum to a stop. The uncertainty principle would
ensure that the pendulum was never able to come to a complete rest, but instead
would exhibit microscopic oscillations around the equilibrium position indefinitely. Of
course, for a real macroscopic pendulum, these fluctuations would be miniscule and all
but impossible to detect; however, the analogy with a quantum harmonic oscillator
holds well. The expectation value of the energy associated with the ground state energy
of a quantum oscillator is:


                                                                                     (4.1)


In this formula c and n are the speed of light and Planck's reduced constant (1.055 x
10- 34 J.s), respectively, and k is the wave-vector related to the momentum of the
quantum field. One of the features of this ground state energy is that the wave vector
has an infinite degree of freedom. Clearly this sum is divergent; however, this is a
common feature of quantum field theory, and an array of mathematical techniques
known as renormalization exists to deal with the infinities that arise.

4 .1 THE CASIMIR EFFECT
The quantum fluctuations of the vacuum fields give rise to a number of phenomena;
however, one is particularly striking. The Casimir Effect, which will be explored in more
detail in this paper, is arguably the most salient manifestation of the quantum vacuum.
In 1948, H. Casimir published a profound paper where he explained the van der Waals
interaction in terms of the zero-point energy of a quantized field (Reference 19). In its
most basic form, the Casimir Effect it is realized through the interaction of a pair of
neutral parallel conducting plates (with separation distanced). The presence of the
plates modifies the quantum vacuum, and this modification causes the plates to be
pulled toward each other with a force:

                                                                       2
                                                     F=-      flCJZ"                (4.2)
                                                             240d 4

This is a profound result in the sense that the origin of this force cannot be traced back
to one of the four fundamental forces of nature (gravity, electromagnetism, and the two
nuclear forces), but is a force that is entirely due to a modification of the quantum
vacuum.

5   By "free" we mean that the field does not interact with other fields.


6
                              UNCLASSIFIED/ f FOR 9FFl611'1L W&lii &••LY
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ OPPICIIIIL tt!I! 8HL\S


Figure 2. The Interior Region of Parallel Conducting Plates. The region expe riences a reduced quantum
vacuum energy density owing to the boundary condition the plates impose on t he fields. This generates a
measurable attractive force that pushes the plates together.


For many years, the paper remained unknown (Reference 22), but from the 1970s
onward the Casimir effect received increasing attention, and over the last decade it has
become very popular (Reference 23). The Casim ir effect is a purely quantum effect. In
classical electrodynamics the force between the plates is zero. The ideal scenario occurs
at zero temperature when there are no real photons (only virtual photons) between the
plates; thus, it is the ground state of the quantum electrodynamic vacuum which
causes the attraction. The most important feature of the Casimir effect is that even
though it is purely quantum in nature, it manifests itself macroscopically. For example,
for two parallel plates of area A = 1 cm 2 separated by a distance of d = 1 µm the force
of attraction is F ~ 1.3 x 10- 7 N. Th is force is certainly with in the range of laboratory
force-measuring techniques.

Typically, the calculations of the expectation value of the vacuum are divergent, 6 so
some form of renormalization must be performed. A full review of the experimental
verifications of the Casim ir effect are beyond the scope of this paper, but it is certainly
worth mentioning that experiments at Washington University using ultra-sensitive
Atomic Force Microscopes have experimentally verified the theoretical predictions of the
Casimir force to within 1 percent accuracy (Reference 24, 25). Needless to say, many
physicists consider this to be a real and well established phenomenon.

6Divergent meaning the equation predicts an infinite resu lt. Divergences are typical in many calculations using
quantum fie ld theory, and an array of ingenious tools is used by physicists to extract fi nite and meaningfu l results.


7
                            UNCLASSIFIED//f8R 8fFl611'1L W&i O~lkY
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ /POiit OPPICIIIIL ~SE e•n:Y

In summary, quantum field theory predicts that the vacuum is an interlaced cobweb of
quantum fields which are never strictly at rest, and which exhibit zero-point
fluctuations. These fluctuations give rise to real and measurable phenomenon, with the
Casimir effect being the most poignant. It seems only natural to attempt to relate the
ideas from the previous section regarding a ubiquitous dark energy field to this
quantum vacuum energy. If a relationship can be established, one would be a step
closer to the technological realization of warp drive.

5 . Extra Space Dimensions
In connection with the Casimir effect, extra dimensions provide a rich arena for one to
generate models that explain the origin of dark energy. Technically speaking, the
Casimir effect is a direct consequence of the non -trivial boundary conditions that the
presence of the conducting plates imposes upon the quantum vacuum. The quantum
modes on the interior region of the plates are restricted, and there is a pressure
difference when compared to the quantum vacuum on the exterior region of the plates.
It is this pressure difference that causes the plates to attract. 7

A very similar phenomenon to the Casimir effect can occur when the quantum vacuum
energy in extra space dimensions are considered. The exploration of this idea has
important ramifications in the context of explaining dark energy. Before one can
address these ideas it is necessary to review the role of higher space dimensions in
physics.

It was Riemann, with his development of differential geometry in the 19 th century, who
provided the necessary tools to study higher dimensional descriptions of the world
(Reference 26). Riemann held the belief that 3-dimensional space was not enough to
provide an adequate description of nature. Improvements in physics led to Maxwell's
unified theory of electricity and magnetism, and then GR, which unified space and time
with Special Relativity (SR). Inspired by these unifications, physicists of the early 20 th
century wanted to unify gravity and electromagnetism. The first attempt was by
Nordstrom in 1914, who used a scalar potential for the gravitational field. Later Weyl
and Kaluza, using Einstein's tensor potential, followed two separate paths. Weyl's
attempt involved an alteration of the geometry of spacetime in four dimensions. His
early attempts had physical consequences which did not match experimental data.
However, Weyl's work was extended by Einstein and Schrodinger independently in the
Einstein-Schrodinger non-symmetric field theory, which is widely regarded as the most
advanced unified field theory based on classical physics.

5 . 1 KALUZA- KLEIN THEORY
In 1919 Kaluza (Reference 27) offered a unique approach to unifying gravity and
electromagnetism which involved adding an additional spatial dimension to GR, and
populatin g this extra dimension with two mathematical objects called a vector potential
A1i and a scalar potential </J. The line element in this theory is given by:

7 This analogy Is not strictly true as different geometries can, in fact, create repulsive Casimir forces and so the

pressure analogy breaks down. It is, however, a useful visualization tool.


8
                            UNCLASSIFIED//FOR: OFFIGl,1L W&lii &•ILY
                             UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 8FFIOIJIIL l:t!II!! e••t I


                                                                                                           (5.1)


where the Greek indices run from O to 3 (0 represents the time coordinate and 1...3 the
space coordinates), and where the higher dimension is expressed using y . The powers
of ¢ are selected for later convenience. Upon solving Einstein's equation in this higher
dimensional space using this metric, Kaluza was able to accurately reproduce both GR
and electromagnetic theory. However, the theory made an additional prediction which
was not consistent with observation and was somewhat of an embarrassment for
Kaluza.

The main failure of Kaluza's idea, and an
issue that caused Einstein to delay his
endorsement of the paper by two years,
was the very obvious fact that we clearly
exist in three spatial dimensions and not
four. This issue was tackled in 1926 by
Oskar Klein (Reference 28), who
suggested that the 5th dimension
compactifies, so as to have the geometry
of a circle of extremely small radius. One
way to envisage this additional dimension
is to imagine a garden hose. It is only
when one magnifies the image the
toroidal structure is visible. From a long
distance it looks like a 1-dimensional line,
but a closer inspection reveals that every
point on the line is, in fact, a circle (see
                                                             Figure 3. Internal Structure of a Seemingly One­
Figure 3 for an illustration).                               Dimensional Object

While Kaluza-Klein (KK) theory is considered elegant in its simplicity, it is not without
problems. One obvious criticism is that the theory is non-predictive, in that it does not
extend Einstein's or Maxwell's theories, but merely synthesizes the formalism within a
new mathematical framework. A more serious criticism regards the introduction of the
5th dimension, which was, and still is, seen as an artificial construct since our universe
is apparently 4-dimensional. 8

KK theory remained largely ignored and was considered somewhat obscure for the first
half of the twentieth century, as were the speculations regarding additional spatial
dimensions . However, the birth of string theory generated a renewed interest in the
idea, largely due to string theory's promise of being a quantum theory of gravity. 9

Unification is one of the main themes in the history of science and is a guiding principle
in theoretical physics. Countless examples exist where diverse and seemingly unrelated
phenomena have been understood in terms of a small number of underlying principles.
In the 1940s, it was demonstrated that quantum mechanics and electromagnetism
could be accurately described by quantum field theory, and by the 1970s the weak and
8   Including time, of course.
9   Quantum gravity is considered somewhat of a " holy grai l" within the theoretical physics community.


9
                             UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFl611'1L W&lii &••LY
                               UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6ffl@IIIIL HS£ 8HL\S

strong nuclear forces could also be described using QFT. The full theory, called the
Standard Model of particle physics, is arguably the most successful physical theory to
date.

Despite the successes of the Standard Model, incorporating gravitational interactions
using the methods of QFT has proven to be one of the most challenging problems facing
theoretical physics today. String theory is currently the best candidate for a quantum
theory of gravity (Reference 29). The divergences associated with point particle
gravitational interactions are removed in string theory via the extended nature of the
string. A review of string theory falls far outside the scope of this paper; however, the
theory contains numerous compelling features that deserve mention here. One of the
most discussed aspects of string theory is its prediction that additional dimensions of
space exist, and are indeed required for string theory to work. One of the predictions of
string theory is that these additional dimensions are extremely small, on the order of
10-35 m. However, there are also popular models which attempt to explain certain
aspects of nature that involve large extra dimensions which we will briefly introduce.

5.2 LARGE EXTRA DIMENSIONS
Models with large extra dimensions have enjoyed a revived interest in physics. This
began with the Arkani-Hamed, Dimopoulos, and Dvali (ADD) proposal to lower the
quantum gravity scale to the 10 to 100 TeV scale 10 (accessible to the next generation
of particle accelerators) by embedding the Standard Model fields in a 3+ 1 dimensional
brane existing in a higher dimensional bulk spacetime (Reference 30, 31). Gravity is
free to propagate in the bulk, which effectively dilutes its strength. This idea was
inspired by M-theory, where it was recognized that the scale of quantum gravity could
be lowered from the Planck energy scale to the Grand Unification Theory (GUT) energy
scale (Reference 32-35). 11 The assumptions underlying the ADD model are:

•      n-extra dimensions compactified on a torus with volume V,, = (2nr)'1 .

•      Standard Model fields are localized to the brane.

•      Gravity can propagate in the bulk.

•     There is no cosmological constant in the bulk or on the boundary.

•     The brane is stiff.

The bulk action for this model can be given by:


                                                                                                              (5.2)


where g is the matrix determinant of the metric and the two tilde-quantities are the
4+n dimensional Planck mass and Ricci scalar, respectively. By integrating out the
extra dimensions, it is simple to show that:

10   1 TeV = 1012 eV (1 eV = 1.602 x 10- 19 J) is a mass-energy scale used in elementary particle physics .
11 Planck energy (flc 5/G) 112 "
                              1028 eV ; GUT energy > 10 14 GeV (1 GeV = 109 eV) .


10
                               UNCLASSIFIED/;roR OPFICIJ!ct tJ9I! e,~tv
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ /F8R 8FFICIJIIL tt!I! 6HLY


                                                                                                                     (5 .3)

MP, is the Planck mass 12 (in our usual 4-dimensional spacetime) and r is the size of the
extra space dimensions. This remarkable result indicates that the Planck scale is, in
fact, a quantity that is derived from a more fundamental quantum gravity scale and
also the volume of the extra dimensions . Physically, this implies that the graviton is
diluted across the bulk with a diminished intersection with the familiar 3+1 dimensional
brane.

In this type of model the size of the internal space is of order 1/M and the effective

cosmological constant is on the order A,11 ~ 8nM;; x 10:
                                                                             2
                                                                                 (Reference 36, 37). Setting
                                                                         a
the value of the corresponding energy density equal to the known density of dark
energy, one finds that the extra -dimensional radius is r                        ~
                                                          10-3cm. Similar results are
found in models with more complicated internal spaces. This is an important result in
the context of dimensional manipulation.

Note that extra dimensions that are accessible to all the Standard Model fields can also
be realized. These models are known as Universal Extra Dimensions (UED). In the case
of recent experimental constraints, a compactification scale as low as 1 TeV is allowed.

5.3 RANDALL SUNDRUM BRANE MODELS
The idea that the universe can be modeled as a (mem)brane existing in a higher
dimensional bulk spacetime has received a huge amount of attention in recent years
(Reference 38-46). It is possible that the brane energy density affects the spacetime
curvature, and an approximation can be achieved by first considering a model where
branes are located at the two ends of a periodic 5t h dimension . To ensure stability of the
model two branes are required to balance the bulk energy. To get a stable metric, the
effects of the brane on the spacetime must be compensated by a negative cosmological
constant in the bulk. Thus, the 5th dimension can be considered a slice of Anti-deSitter
(AdS) 13 space bounded by flat branes, and the price of keeping the branes flat is to
introduce curvature into the 5th dimension. Such models are termed warped extra
dimensions.

The Randall-Sundrum (RSl) model (Reference 47, 48) proposes a novel geometrical
solution to the hierarchy problem. The hierarchy problem questions why gravity is so
much weaker than the weak force (which is 1032 times stronger), and why the Higgs
boson is so much lighter than the Planck mass. In the RSl setup, the Standard Model
fields are now confined to one of two 3-branes which lie at the endpoints (i.e., fixed
points) of an S1 /Z2 orbifold, 14 except for the Higgs field. One of the branes physically
corresponds to "our" universe and is sometimes referred to as the IR or "visible" brane.
The closer a Standard Model field is to the visible brane, the greater its coupling to the
12 2.18   x 10-s kg.
13 Anti-deSitter space   is a Lorentzian man ifold with a constant negative scalar curvature . In terms of General
Relativity, this is a solution to Einstein's field equation with an attractive cosmological constant.
14 An 5 1/22 corresponds to a circular extra dimension with an additional symmetry. This type of projection is

popular in a number of higher dimensional models due to its ability to mathematically "project " out certain
phenomenologically undesirable fields .


11
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 9FFl611'1L W&lii &••LY
                     UNCLASSIFIED//P6R OFFIOIIIL W&li Q~•kY

Higgs, and therefore the greater the mass. The second brane is the UV or "hidden"
brane. The line element in RSl is described by the metric:

                                                                                       (5.4)

Y/µvis the metric tensor for the D-dimensional Minkowski spacetime, the AdS curvature
radius is given by 1/k and the interbrane separation is given by r. The 5t h dimension is
compactified on the orbifold of length a, where a < qi < a. The orbifold fixed points
located at qi= 0 and 4>= a correspond to the location of the visible and the hidden
brane.

The exponential factor is referred to as the warp factor and is an appealing feature in
the RSl model, as it can both generate a TeV mass scale from the Planck scale in the
higher dimensional theory and reduce the effective gravitational strength on the visible
brane through the suppression factor e-2krl.S I while retaining a bulk width that is only a
couple of orders of magnitude above the Planck scale. In addition to the stabilization of
the interbrane separation, the quantum effects from the bulk fields (aka the Casimir
energy) can also provide a mechan ism for the generation of dark energy on the visible
brane.

5.4 EXTRA DIMENSION SUMMARY
Although there is still no direct evidence of extra spatial dimensions, there is the
possibility that the experiments planned at the Large Hadron Collider could detect
particle decay signatures that would indicate the presence of higher dimensions. In fact,
all the theoretical groundwork has been performed by theorists, and as soon as the LHC
is running smoothly it could, in principle, demonstrate the existence of higher
dimensions in a relatively short period of time. Any such discovery would represent a
truly radical alteration of our understanding of nature, and many new questions will
emerge regarding the potential role extra dimensions could play in advanced
technologies (which will be discussed in more detail later in this paper).

6. Dark Energy as a Higher Dimensional Artifact
As discussed earlier, the vacuum of spacetime can be visualized as a sea of quantum
fields never fully at rest due to the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. The oscillations of
the vacuum radiate energy over a range of frequencies in much the same way that an
oscillating electron emits electromagnetic energy, and in this way, there exists a ground
state energy associated with space itself. The vacuum potential for a periodic scalar
field in the ADD model described above is given by (Reference 48-50):

                              T}C                          n,r 2
                          +
                         V =-
                                2
                                  L,,, fo -2,r
                                    11=
                                          00
                                           d(
                                               4       2           2
                                              k) log [ k + ( - ) + m •
                                                   4
                                                              R
                                                                       ]              (6.1)


where k is the momentum modes of the quantum fields, R is the radius of the 5th
dimension, and mis the mass of the field. The prime on the summation indicates the
n = 0 term is excluded. The integral over the continuous momentum modes of the


12
                     UNCLASSIFIED//FQR OFFIOIAL ~81: 6Ht,•
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /F8R 8FFl@IJIIL tt!I! 6HLY

quantum fields is divergent, as is the infinite summation over the extra-dimensional KK
modes; however, as mentioned earl ier, dimensional regularization (a fo rm of
renormal ization) can be used to extract a finite result. This equation differs from
Equation (4.1) in that the quantum field that we consider has both mass and a degree
of freedom in the higher dimension. Working with a scalar field, the result can later be
extended simply for the case of more phenomenolog ically viable fields (fermions, for
example).

Our own research focuses upon exploring a new way to handle the infinities arising
from Equation (6.1), and after performing a novel regularization it was discovered that:


                                                                                       (6.2)


where ( is the Riemann zeta function, and Ks12(2mrn) is the modified Bessel function of
the second kind. Although the summation is infinite, t he function converges rapidly and
so a good approximation is obta ined by performing the sum up to n = 10. Since
discovering this formu la, the result agrees with derivations of this energy based on
different regularization methods and so one is confident in the valid ity of Equation
(6 .2).

It is relatively straightforward to calculate the contributions to the vacuum energy
density coming from each fie ld in the Standard Model of particle physics. For example,
the electron is a fundamental quantum field whose ubiquitous ground state energy
contributes to the vacuum energy density. Similarly, the photon is a fundamental
quantum field whose ubiquitous ground state energy also contributes to the vacuum
energy density. In fact, all Standard Model fields contribute a finite and calculable
component to the overa ll energy density of space .

Equation (5.1) expresses the vacuum energy density for a periodic massive scalar field .
Using knowledge of supersymmetry multiplets it is possible to enumerate th is energy
for all fields occurr ing in the Standard Model (Reference 49) :

                                   vf:rmioil r) = -4V+(r) I
                                                      15
                                   v ,,;,,,mion(r) = -4v+(r) ,
                                                                                      (6 .3)
                                     v;,:gg,(r ) = 2v +( r ) .

Also, know ledge of the vacuum energy density for a massless field :

                                      +                3((5)
                                    V,iwss less = -
                                                      64 1t 2 r 4 t                   (6.4)


will allow one to fully articulate the energy density of the vacuum in terms of the
build ing blocks of nature. This is expressed algebra ically as:


13
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 9FFl611.tL W&i O~lkY
                            UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6ffl01:AL WSE &•n:Y


                                                    L..Jv,+ + v,.
                                         1Evo e ) = "
                                         \                     uggs + vmass I e.ss ,       (6.5)
                                                    ;~ 1


where the index i runs over the spectrum of Standard Model ferm ions. Using Equation
(6.5), and sl ight variations, we are able to computationally build a model wh ich
demonstrates how the vacuum energy density varies as a function of higher
dimensional rad ius. It cannot be overstated that a full understanding of the vacuum
structure is of critical importance when attempting to understand the nature of dark
energy and to investigate its possible manipulation.

It is important to appreciate that, for example, a physical electron does not actually
have to be present at a specific point in space for it to contribute to the vacuum energy
density. But that the vacuum always has the potential to allow an electron to exist at
any point in space. Thus, at all points in space a virtual electron exists. This virtual
electron is a basic and fundamental feature of the intrinsic makeup of spacetime itself.
In this way, empty space has a ground state energy that is due to the virtual
contributions of al l fields that occur in nature: electrons, quarks, photons, and indeed,
the entire particle zoo.

Many attempts have been made to relate this vacuum energy to dark energy; however,
because these quantum fields are free to oscill ate over a wide range of possible
frequencies, when one calculates the sum 15 of all the contributions from all possible
frequencies of the vacuum, an energy density far in excess of that seen in nature is
recovered (Reference 50).

Our own work (Reference 51, 53) has demonstrated that when the contribution due to
the extra-dimensional quantum vacuum fields is included, it is possible to "tune" the
theoretica l energy density of the universe to agree with experimental observations
using extensions of Equation (6.5), provided all owance for certa in exotic fields to exist
within the higher dimension. Although this may at first appear counterintuitive, one
novel feature of the quantum vacuum energy is that it can contribute both positive and
negative energy to the vacuum. The sign of the contribution is fundamentally due to
the nature of the underlying virtual quantum fie ld. For example, virtua l ferm ionic fields
(e.g., electrons) contribute an overall positive energy to the vacuum, whereas virtual
bosonic fie lds contribute an overall negative energy. In this way, certa in field
combinations allow for energy cancellations . The add itional freedom encountered in
higher dimensional theories means that it is a fairly stra ightforward matter to adjust
the overall vacuum energy density to agree with the experimenta lly measured value for
the cosmologica l constant.

Essentially, th is means that one is immediately presented with a natural explanation for
the existence of dark energy. Previous attempts to link dark energy to the vacuum
energy had yielded grossly high theoretical predictions far in excess of that observed in
nature; however, by including the contri butions from higher dimensional fie lds we have
shown that the taming of this dark energy density is entirely possible. The significance
of this result is that it provides a foundation upon which to exp lore possibil it ies relati ng
to warp drive propulsion. More simply, once one knows why space expands, it becomes
possible to explore technologica l possibilities to potentially make space expand.

15 Technically we integrate over all the possibl e frequencies.


14
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ f FOR OFFIGlaliL WSE 8HL\f
                          UNCLASSIFIED//FQR QFFIOlsllL WSE QHL\f

To summarize, the existence of dark energy may be attributed to the combined effects
of vacuum fluctuations in "normal" 3+1 dimensional spacetime plus higher dimensional
contributions. If this model proves to be correct, then ideas extending from t his
paradigm could provide one with intriguing opportunities for technological intervention.

7 . Warp Drive and Higher Dimensional Manipulation
Both our own research and previous work in hig her dimensional Casimir energy 16
demonstrate that the magnitude of the vacuum energy is intimately related to t he size
of the extra dimension. More precisely, the smaller the extra dimension, the greater the
Casimir energy (and vice versa: t he bigger an extra dimension, the smaller the Casimir
energy). In fact, the energy is related to the radius of the higher dimension raised to
the fourth power, which means that very small changes in the rad ius of the extra
dimension generate dramatic changes to the vacuum energy density .


Figure 4. Manipulated Extra Dimension. A sufficiently advanced technology with the capacity to directly interact
with and manipulate an extra dimension would be able to locally adjust the dark energy density in a given region of
spacetime.


What this means is that if an advanced technology was able to influence t he radius of
an extra dimension, t hen it would acquire direct control over dark energy, and hence
the expansion and contraction of space itself. As tremendous a feat as this may sound,
at this early stage in the research it is one of the only viable mechanisms to generate a
warp drive.

16 Quantum vacuum   energy and Casimir energy are often used intercha ngeably in the literature .


15
                          UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIGl,1L W&i O~ILY
                          UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6PPl@IIIIL tf!JIE 8HL\S

It is worthwhile to expand more on the concept of what we mean by adjusting the
radius of the extra dimension .

7 .1 ADJUSTING HIGHER DIMENSIONS FOR PROPULSIONS
Figure 4 should assist in the visualization of what a higher dimensional space might
look like. In this 1-dimensional example one can see that all points have an associated
higher dimension . One assumes that generally the radius of the extra dimension is
fixed. It is this fixed radius which generates the observed dark energy density and is
responsible for the homogeneity in the observed expansion of the universe.

If one were to locally adjust the higher dimensional radius then the dark energy density
would also change locally. More specifically, if one were to adjust the radius of the extra
dimension in the direct vicinity of a spacecraft, then the dark energy density would also
change only in the vicin ity of the spacecraft, as would the expansion of space. It is
important at th is point to appreciate that globally, the universe would continue to
expand at the rate we observe today, but that only in the proximity of the spacecraft
would space be "stimulated" to expand at some modified rate .


Figure 5. Artist's Conception of a Futuristic Warp Drive Spacecraft. By locally adjusting th e size of the extra
space dimension, the spacecraft is able to generate the necessary warp bubble required to surpass the light speed
barrier.


Of course, obvious questions present themselves. Can one really assume that a higher
dimension is circular? Also, if dark energy is responsible for the expansion of space, can
we assume that it can somehow be used to contract space, and not just expand it?


16
                          UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIGl111L W&i O~IL\f
                              UNCLASSIFIED/ /POiit OPPICIIIIL ~SE e•n:Y


7 .2 THE GEOMETRY OF EXTRA DIMENSIONS
To answer the first question, our most developed higher dimensional theory (M-theory)
works in seven additional spatial dimensions. The shape is believed to be what
mathematicians call a Calabi-Yau manifold - a complex object that is notoriously
challenging to work with. Physicists often like to work with simpler models (a single
extra dimension, for example) with an uncomplicated shape like the circle. Although
this may at first appear to be a gross simplification, often these simplistic higher
dimensional models both reflect the flavor of the physics involved, and give accurate
predictions that are believed to deviate from nature only at extremely high energies. 17

For th is reason, many of the research
papers investigating higher dimensions
choose to work in the simpler circular
higher dimensional space. A smaller
fraction of papers explore two additional
higher dimensions, which are commonly
toroidal (see Figure 6), and an even
smaller fraction of papers work in the full
M-theoretic Calabi-Yau manifold. At these
early stages of investigation, the
additional circular dimension represents
an adequate approximation. Should the
research progress to a more highly
developed phase, then it may become
necessary to work within the Calabi-Yau
manifold.
                                                                Figure 6. A Toroidal Higher Dimension. This is one
With regards to the question of whether       of the many possible topologies explored in higher
space can be made to contract, it seems       dimensional theories.
possible if one can make the energy
density of a given region of space negative instead of positive. This type of space has
been well explored by physicists, and is known as anti-deSitter space. One of the
unique features of Casimir energy is that under many conditions it is known to be
negative, and thus with a careful manipulation of the higher dimensional fields it is, in
principle, possible to generate the required contraction of space.

7 .3 HIGHER DIMENSIONS AND STABILIZATION
Our goal in this section is to explore the possib ilities of manipulating a higher
dimension, which will influence the local dark energy density and thus the expansion
and contraction of spacetime in the vicinity of a spacecraft.

Before the issue of how to manipulate a higher dimension can be addressed, first one
must understand why an add itional spatial dimension holds some fixed radius. This is a
well know problem in higher dimensional physics and is commonly called the problem of
"modulus stabilization." Broadly stated, the question is as follows: if there are
additional spatial dimensions, why do they not perpetually expand, like our familiar
dimensions of space, or alternatively, why do they not perpetually contract? What
17   For example, in the vicinity of a black hole, or in the first moments of the big bang .


17
                              UNCLASSIFIED//f8R: 8fFl611'1L W&i O~lkY
                           UNCLASSIFIED//F8R 8FFl61:wL WSli &••LY

mechanism is it that allows for t his higher space to remain compact and stable? Of the
handful of theories that attempt to answer th is problem, one is particularly appealing
due to its naturalness.

A recurring theme throughout this paper is Casimir energy. This energy is compel ling
due to the fact that it is a natural featu re intrinsic to the fabric of space itself. Casimir
energy in higher dimensions not only offers the promise of expla ining the nature of dark
energy, as discussed in previous sections, but can also be utilized as a mechanism to
stabilize the compact extra dimension .

We have discovered in our research that with a natural comb ination of fields, and a
sing le exotic component, we are able to generate a stable extra dimension (Reference
51, 53) . The way to understand this is as follows : as mentioned earlier, each field in
nature contributes a component to the ground state of the vacuum (that is, the state of
minimum energy of space) due to the virtual particle contributions. When this energy is
calculated for the case of three large and one compact spatia l dimension, one discovers
that this energy is a strong function of the size of the 5th dimension.

I n our research, we summed the contributions from all the known fields in nature using
extensions of Equation (6.5) . We discovered that with the addition of one add itional
exotic field confined t o exist in on ly the 5th dimension, a stable higher dimensional
configuration was found. Our motivations for the addition of extra exotic fields have a
strong phenomenolog ica l foundation, and these exotic fields been stud ied successfully
in the context of explaining solar neutrino oscillations (Reference 54-56). A full
discussion, however, is beyond the scope of this paper.

To understand what is meant by a stable higher dimensional configuration we refer to
Figure 7, which is a plot illustrating the vacuum energy density as a funct ion of higher
dimensional rad ius.

The x-axis represents the radius of t he higher dimension and the y-axis t he energy
density of spacetime.18 We have shown the contributions to the energy density coming
from t he different fields of the Standard Model, and also the additional exotic field. The
overall energy density is illustrated as a thick black line. The most important feature of
th is graph is the mathematical m inimum . A good physical analogy here is to imag ine
releasing a ball from the fa r left of the black line: the ball would roll down the line and
become stuck in the min imum. The ball becoming stuck in this minimum is an excellent
analogy to the dynamics of the higher dimension, which begins at some unstable stat e,
but evolves into a stable configuration.

18 We work in " normalized" units.


18
                           UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIGl,1L W&i &•ILY
                           UNCLASSIFIED//F8R 8FFIOIAL WSE 8HL\f


                 ...                    IHO


                                        /
                                              /
                                                  OU


                                                              /
                                                                  /   -
                                                                      co


                                    I
 ..                                                       I
                                I                     I
                            I                     I

Figure 7. A Combination of Phenomenologically Viable Fields Generates a Stable Minimum of the
Vacuum Energy Density at a Fixed Higher Dimensional Radius. This stable minimum, located at a positive
energy, indicates a stable deSitter type spacetime and reflects a realistic dark energy model. Note in this plot that
the rad ius of the extra dimensions is shown on the x-axis, and the energy density on the y-axis (normalized units
are used).


                                                                               ifical minimum


                                                                             arural minimum


                                                                           Anifi al mm1mu


Figure 8. False Vacuum Minima are Created Around a Spacecraft. The different minima create an
asymmetric dark energy pressure on 3-space which generates the warp bubble. In th is plot the x-axis represents
the rad ius of the extra dimension, and the y-axis represents the energy density (normalized un its are used) .

The key to creating a warp drive is to create a false vacuum minimum, i.e., to modify
the vacuum spectrum and inject some field which creates a deSitter minimum at the
rear of the craft and an anti-deSitter minimum at the front of the craft. What this
requires is a technology that would allow us to artificially manipulate the field content
illustrated in Figure 7, shifting the location of the minimum. In this basic
representation, the spacecraft would sit in a stable region of space corresponding to the
natural minimum of the extra dimension. At the front and rear of the craft, regions of

19
                           UNCLASSIFIED/ /POR OPPICIAL WSE &••LY
                     UNCLASSIFIED//FQR QFFIGltlJL W&i &~•kV

false minima would be artificially created via the adjustment of the extra dimension
(see Figure 8). These modified regions would correspond to increased and negative
dark energy densities, thus creating the warp bubble previously discussed.

7 .4 ELEMENTARY WARP DRIVE CALCULATIONS
This section will explore the calculations relevant to propulsion. Specifically, it will
determine the energy required to accelerate a spacecraft to the speed of light. By
associating the cosmological constant with the higher dimensional Casimir energy, a
straightforward relation between A and the radius of the extra dimensions can be
determined :

                                                                                      (7.1)


A simpler way of developing the relationship between the energy density of space and
the expansion of space is to express A as a function of Hubble's constant, H:

                                         H oc ✓
                                              A,                                      (7.2)

which is a standard result obtained from GR. From these two formula, a relationship
between the expansion of space and the radius of the extra dimension can be shown:


                                                                                       (7.3)


This formula really expresses the foundation of this novel warp drive concept : that a
sufficiently advanced technology with the ability to adjust the radius of the extra
dimension locally would be able to locally adjust the expansion and contraction of
spacetime around a spacecraft. This asymmetric expansion creates the warp bubble
illustrated in Figure 1. The spacecraft would always move within its own light cone and
thus would not contradict any law of special relativity. The possibility that the higher
dimensional radius might vary from place to place has been explored in the context of
string theory (Reference 57), and so is a valid academic pursuit. However, it has never
before been suggested that th is might facilitate a new and exotic form of propulsion.

Equations (7 .1) and (7.2) used together express a relationship between the expansion
of space and the energy density of space. A sufficient increase in the energy density of
space would generate a proportional increase in the expansion of space. Thus calculate
the energy density of space that would be necessary to generate a local expansion of
space at the speed of light. A local expansion at the speed of light, Hubble's constant
must be increased by a factor of:

                                       H l' = 1026 H I                                (7.4)


where Hcrepresents the modified Hubble's constant, and the subscript c indicates that it
is the Hubble's constant for the case of light speed expansion . H must be increased by
a factor of 10 26 to achieve a local expansion of space equivalent to the speed of light.

20
                     UNCLASSIFIED//FQR QFFIGl,1L W&i &~•LY
                                                  UNCLASSIFIED//FQR QFFIOl:wL HSE QHL\f

Another relevant calculation regards the local energy density required to generate this
expansion. A sim ilar calculation to the one just performed indicates that the
cosmological constant, an expression which characterizes the energy density of space,
must be increased by a factor of 10 52 • This implies an energy density of:

                                                                                                             (7.5)


This is, indeed, an incredible number. However, the total energy requirement would be
reduced if we assumed a "thin shell" of modified spacetime. Figure 9 illustrates the case
where the warp bubble thickness is reduced. More detailed research is necessary before
we cou ld accurately predict the minimum shell thickness that would be necessary to
support a stable warp field. However, if a shell could be produced that was merely a
single Planck length in thickness, then the energy requirements would be reduced
immensely .


     10      ·····:·········•"'"' '

                             '·••' ' --~-"' ,. ' ' . ,   .... ..


     0


     -5


Figure 9. Two Images Illustrating the Contrast Between a Thick (left) and Thin (right) Shell Warp
Bubble. A t hin shell warp drive model has t he capacity to dramatically reduce t he energy requirements of a warp
drive.


Under this new paradigm of warp drive, where the necessary contracting and expansion
of spacetime is generated by a manipulation of the radius of the extra dimension, one
can clearly see that the energy requirements are reduced immensely when compared to
the calculations of Lobo and Visser (Reference 12). Table 3 illustrates the energy
requirements for a range of multiple of the speed of light. All ca lculations are order-of­
magnitude .


21
                                                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOA orr101.•1L WSE 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ OPPICIIIIL tt!II! 8HL\S

               Table 3. Negative Energy Required for Warp Bubble

                        Warp Factor, Vwarp           £warp (J)

                           10-5 (= 3 km/s)         - 1.00 X 1032
                          10- 4 (= 30 ktn/s)       -1.00 X 1034
                        0.01 (= 3,000 ktn/s)       -l.00 X 1038
                       0.5 (= 150,000 km/s)        - 2.50 X 104 1
                          I (= light speed)        - 1.00 X 1042
                        2 (= 600,000 km/s)         - 4.00 X 1042
                        10 (= 3.0 X 106 km/s)      - 1.00 X 1044
                       100 (= 3.Q X 107 km/s)      - 3.03 X 1046

Upon comparing Tables 2 and 3, immediately one can see the drastic energy reductions
that are apparent when one uses the dimensional warp drive paradigm. The energy
requirements are reduced by a factor of 108 . This energy is based on a warp bubble
that encompasses 100 m 3 of space. As discussed earlier, this is a "worst case" scenario,
and the energy requirements could be further reduced, perhaps by many orders of
magnitude, by utilizing the thin shell model illustrated in Figure 9.

These are, perhaps, t he most important numerical results of this paper, as they set an
upper limit on the energy requirements necessary to generate a warp bubble, and also
on the energy requirements necessary to surpass the speed of lig ht. Even though this
energy requirement is a vast improvement on the calculations of Visser and Lobo, t he
energies are still far in excess of those available in the foreseeable future.

One interesting prospect to test this theory is to consider the maximum energy density
that is achievable by modern technology, and to calcu late the expansion of space that
this energy would generate. One could then conceivably contemplate a table-top
experiment if the numbers allowed. What follows is a description of how this might
work.

7 .5 FUTURE EXPERIMENTS
At this point we take a diversion into pure speculation as to what technological
advancements may be necessary to build a device that might test our dark energy
theory. One knows from the Friedmann equations of cosmology that normal matter and
energy generate:

                                    a     4nG
                                    -;; = - -3-(p + 3p),                            (7.6)


where a is the so-called cosmological scale factor, p is t he energy density and p is the
pressure. If one defines the quantity"= plp", one sees immediately that an accelerated
expansion of spacetime requires negative pressure. Currently, all known matter and
energy generate w > 1; however, dark energy has w = -1. If it were possible to
technologically create dark energy in the lab, then th is would assist with our


22
                    UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIOIAL ~SI! 8Ht,•
                     UNCLASSIFIED//FQR QFFIOlsllL WSE QHL\f

understanding and experimentation with warp drive technology. To understand how,
first discuss an analogy with energy w > 1.

In a handful of labs scattered around the country, petawatt lasers are being built and
tested. These are lasers of profound capability, able to generate short laser pulses of
intensity>> 10 W/m with peak focused power densities of>> 10 W/m and
                15     2
                           ,
                                                                       27     3
                                                                                  ,


energy densities of > > 10 16 J/m 3 . If it were possible to construct an exotic device
whose energy output had w < 1, then using calculations identical to those to generate
Table 3, it would seem straightforward to show that the energy density produced by an
analogous dark energy laser would translate into a local expansion of space
corresponding to Vwarp = 10- 13 or~ 10-5 m/s for every meter of space that the laser
travels. It may be possible to construct an experiment that could measure the modified
expansion of space along the length of such a laser to test the predictions of this paper.

7 .6 THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE TECHNOLOGY
Although a practical warp drive could be many years away from realization, there are a
number of technological developments that may, in fact, be necessary in order to allow
prototype experiments to begin. First, a more complete understanding of dark energy is
of paramount importance. As mentioned earlier, dark energy contributes approximately
70 percent of the overall energy density of the universe, and is responsible for the
expansion of space . As one acquires deeper understanding of this energy, attempts to
generate dark energy in the lab would no doubt be a critical component to a working
warp drive.

Other crucial developments include determining whether extra dimension are, in fact,
real. Once this has been determined with absolute certainty, the role of extra
dimensions and their relationship with the universe that we are more familiar with will
become a more serious focus of scientific research and attention.

As has been discussed, the stabilization of the extra dimensions and the accelerated
expansion of the remaining four dimensions can be rea lized via the Casimir energy. The
acceleration of the 3-dimensional subspace is a naturally occurring phenomenon which
occurs when the extra dimensions are stabilized.

An important feature of the higher dimensional model is the dependence of the dark
energy density on the size of the extra dimensions. In models with large extra
dimensions, the interaction of the graviton KK tower with the Standard Model fields are
suppressed by the higher dimensional Planck scale and the correspond ing couplings are
inverse TeV in strength. This can be seen more clearly when we consider the expansion
of the metric tensor in models with large extra dimensions computed with in linearized
gravity models:

                                                   1                                   7.7
                                 gMN = TfMN   + M D/1- 1 hMN '
                                                   D


where the capital letter indices indicate summation over the higher dimensions, M is
the modified Planck mass, TfMN corresponds to flat (Minkowski) spacetime and h MN
corresponds to the bulk graviton fluctuations. The graviton interaction term in the
action is expressed by:

23
                     UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIOlsllL WSIE 8Ht,•
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ OPPIClilrt tt9!! o,~tv


                                  si nl =
                                              1   f    D     MN
                                            M D/ 2- 1 d xhMNT •
                                                                                          7.8
                                              D


where yMN is the higher dimensional energy-momentum tensor. The interaction of the
graviton with the graviton KK states and with the SM fields are obtained by integrating
the action over the extra coordinates. Because all these states are coupled with the
universal strength I IMPI this leads to the compelling possibility of the control of the size
of the extra dimensions by processes at energies that will be accessible via the particle
accelerators of the near future. Although the coupling is extremely small, the effective
coupling is enhanced by the large number of KK states.

Referring to Figure 7, additional energy in the form of matter or radiation with the TeV
energy scale can alter the shape of the effective potential. In particular, the extrema
determining the size of the extra dimensions are modified with the change of the
Casimir energy density and hence, the dark energy density, in the models under
consideration.

In the ADD model discussed in Section 5.2, the Standard Model fields are confined to a
                                                            I
4-dimensional brane and a new gravity scale M O= G 2- 0 > > TeV is introduced in the D
= 4 + d dimensions, where d is the number of extra dimensions. Th is is determined
quite easily by forming the higher dimensional action and integrating out the extra
dimension.

The Atlas experiment at CERN 's Large Hadron Collider will have the capability to probe
the ADD type extra dimensions up to MD~ 8 TeV . In the Randall Sundrum scenario, the
hierarchy is explained by the warp factor in the AdSS bulk geometry. A lower bound can
be placed on the lowest KK mass by electroweak precision tests (masses on the order
of 1 TeV are allowed). In the Universal Extra Dimension scenario, Tevatron results
constrain the compactification scale to Mc > 400 GeV. Because the Atlas experiment
will be sensitive to Mc - 3 TeV , the estimates in this section ind icate that if nature is in
fact described by one of these higher dimensional scenarios, then the additional
dimensions can be probed.

Even more exciting is the possibility that their size may be controlled at the energies
accessible to the Large Hadron Collider. When the Casimir energy to play the role of
dark energy is involved, one can see that the possibility for the direct control of the
local dark energy density by controlling the size of the additional dimensions is possible.

8 . Summary
The idea that a sufficiently advanced technology may interact with, and acquire direct
control over, the higher dimensions is a tantalizing possibility, and one that is most
certainly worthy of deeper investigation. Control of this higher dimensional space may
be a source of technologica l control over the dark energy density and could ultimately
play a role in the development of exotic propulsion technologies; specifically, a warp
drive.

Of course, this may not be actualized until many years in the future, but consider the
many spectacu lar physical phenomena that are believed to be true at th is early point in

24
                      UNCLASSIFIED//FOA OFFIGl!1L WSE 8HLY
                           UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOR OFFICIAL W&i oa1~v

the 21st century. One believes that an energy field called the Higgs boson permeates
spacetime and that the interaction of matter with this field is what is responsible for
particles acquiring mass. One believes that an exotic ubiquitous energy source,
unimaginatively named dark energy, is responsible for the current accelerated
expansion of the universe based on observation of supernova in galaxies billions of light
years from Earth. One also believes that the universe may not consist of the three
spatial dimension of length, breadth, width, and one of time, but that, in fact, there
may be as many as seven additional compactified dimensions assuming the topology of
a Calabi-Yau manifold, and that the fundamental building blocks of the universe are, in
fact, extended string-like entities.

Modern physics is full of many exciting and marvelously imaginative creations. Because
one understands these curiosities, one could potentially harness these elements of
nature for one's own technological ends. This is by no means a certainty, but if we may
make predictions based on the innovative history of scientific pioneers of the past, then
it seems entirely possible that the creative minds of the future may indeed find ways to
accomplish what, to us, may seem like magic.


1 Alcubierre, M. , "The warp drive : hyper-fast travel within general relativ ity," Classical and Quantum Gravity, vol.
11, 1994, pp. L73-L77.
2 Obousy, Rand Cleaver, G., " Warp drive : A new approach, " J. Brit. Interplanetary Soc., vol. 61, pp. 149, 2008.
3 Wood-Vasey, W., "Observational constraints on the nature of dark energy: First cosmological results from the

essence supernova survey," Astrophys. J. , vol . 666, pp . 694, 2007 .
4 Davis, T., "Scrutinizing exotic cosmological models using essence supernova data combined with other

cosmological probes, " Astrophys. J., vol. 666, pp. 716, 2007.
5 Carroll, S., and Press, W. , "The cosmolog ical constant," Ann. Rev. Astron. Astrophys., vol. 30, pp. 499-542, 1992.
6 Perlmutter, S., " Measurements of the cosmological parameters w and le from 42 high -redshift supernovae,"

Astrophys. J., vol. 517, pp. 565, 1999.
7 Straumann, N., "The mystery of the cosmic vacuum energy density and the accelerated expansion of the

universe, " European J. Phys., vol. 20, pp. 419-427, 1999.
8 Schwarzschild, B., " High- redshift supernovae indicate that dark energy has been around for 10 billion years, "

Physics Today, Vol. 60, 2007, pp. 21 -25.
9 Riess, A. G., et al., "New Hubble Space Telescope Discoveries of Type Ia Supernovae at z ;:,_ 1: Narrowing

Constraints on the Early Behavior of Dark Energy," Astrophys. J. , Vol. 659, 2007, pp . 98- 121.
10 Astier, P., et al., "The Supernova Legacy Survey: measurement of nM , n A and w from the first year data set,"

Astron. Astrophys., Vol. 447, 2006, pp. 31-48 .
11 Davis, E. W., " Chapter 15: Faster-Than-Light Approaches in General Relativity," Frontiers of Propulsion Science,

eds. M. G. Millis and E. W. Davis, Progress in Astronautics & Aeronautics Series, Vol. 227, American Inst. of
Aeronautics & Astronautics Press, Reston, VA, 2009, pp. 473-509.
12 Lobo, F. S. N., and Visser, M., "Fundamental limitations on 'warp drive' spacetimes," Classical and Quantum

Gravity, Vol. 21, 2004, pp . 5871-5892.
13 Einstein, A., The Meaning of Relativity, Princeton Univ Press, Princeton, USA, 1955.
14 Einstein, A., Kosmologische betrachtungen zur allgemeinen relativittstheorie, Die Naturwissenschaften, vol. 7,

pp. 232, 1919.
15 Sahni, V ., and Starobinsky, A., "The case for a positive cosmological lambda-term, " Int. J. Mod. Phys., vol. D9,

pp. 373, 2000.
16 Guth, A., "Ination, " MIT-CTP-3416, 2004 .
17 Weinberg, S., "The cosmological constant problem, " Rev. Mod. Phys ., vol. 61, pp. 1-23, 1989.
18 F. Mandi and G. Shaw, Quantum Field Theory Revised Edition, Wiley Press, USA, 1984.
19 Peskin. M., and Schroeder, D., An Introduction to Quantum Field Theory, Perseus Books, Cambridge

Massachusetts USA, 1995.
20 Ryder, L., Quantum Field Theory Second Edition, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge UK, 1995.
21 Casimir, H., "On the attraction between two perfectly conducting plates," Proc. Kon. Ned. Akad. Wetensch .B, vol.

51, pp. 793, 1948.
22 Bordag, M. , "New developments in the Casimir effect." Phys. Rept., vol. 353, pp . 222, 2001.
23 Milton, K., "The Casimir effect : Recent controversies and progress," J. Phys. A, vol. 37, pp . R209, 2004.
24 Lamoreau x, S.K., "Demonstration of the Casimir force in the 0.6 to 6 µm range," Phys. Rev. Lett., vol. 78, pp . 5,

1997.


25
                           UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOR OfflClllct tJ9E e,•t I
                            UNCLASSIFIED//P61t 6PPICIIIIL tt!I!! 6HLY

25 Roy, A., Lin, C., and Mohideen, U., "Improved precision measurement of the Casimir Force," Phys. Rev. D., vol.

60, pp. 12-16, 1999.
26 Kaku, M., Hyperspace: a scientific odyssey through parallel universes, time warps and the tenth dimension.,

Oxford Univ. Press, Oxford, UK, 1994.
27 Kaluza, T., "Zurn unitatsproblem in der physik (on the prob lem of un ity in physics)," Sitzungsber. Preuss. Akad.

Wiss. Berlin . (Math. Phys.), pp . 966-972, 1921.
28 Klein, 0., "Quantum theory and the five-dimensional theory of relativity, " Z. Phys., vol. 37, pp. 895-906, 1926.
29 Polchinski, J., String Theory, Volume I. An introduction to the bosonic string, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge,

USA, 2001.
30 Antoniadis, I., Arkani-Hamed,N., Dvali, G., and Dimopoulos, 5., "New dimensions at a millimeter to a fermi and

superstrings at a TeV ," Phys. Lett. B, vol. 436, pp . 257-263, 1998.
31 Arkani-Hamed, N., Dimopoulos, S., and Dvali, G., "Phenomeno logy, astrophysics and cosmology of theories with

sub-millimeter dimensions and TeV scale quantum gravity," Phys. Rev. D, vol. 59, pp . 086004, 1999.
32 Antoniadis, I., Arkani-Hamed, N., Dval i 5., Dimopoulos, 5 ., " New dimensions at a mill imeter to a fermi and

superstrings at a tev," Phys. Lett. B, vol. 436, pp. 257-263, 1998.
33 Witten, E., "String theory dynamics in various dimensions, " Nucl. Phys. B, vol. 443, pp. 85, 1995.
34 Horava P., and Witten, E., " Heterotic and type I string dynam ics from eleven dimensions," Nucl. Phys. B, vol.

460, pp. 506-524, 1996.
35 Lykken, J., "Weak scale superstrings," Phys. Rev. D, vol. 54, pp . 3693-3697, 1996.
36 Saharian, A., "Fermionic Casimir effect in de Sitter spacetime," Talk given at International Workshop on 60 Years

of Casimir Effect, Brasilia , Brazil, 23-27 Jun 2008
37 Saharian, A., "Bulk Casimir densities and vacuum interaction forces in higher dimensional brane mode ls" Phys.

Rev. D, vol . 73, 064019, 2006 .
38 Russell, J., "Classical and quantum brane cosmology," CERN-TH-2000-372.
39 Maartens, R., Geometry and dynamics of the brane-world, Reference Frames and Gravitomagnetism, vol 1.

World Scientific, city, state, pp. 93-119, 2001.
40 Langlois, D., "Gravitational and cosmolog ical properties of a brane universe, " Int. J. Mod. Phys. A, vol. 17, pp .

2701-2706, 2002 .
41 Deruelle, N., " Cosmological perturbations of an expanding brane in an anti -de sitter bulk : a short review,"

Astrophys. Space Sci., vol. 283, pp . 619-626, 2003 .
42 Binetruy, P., Defayet, C., and Langlois, O., "Non-conventional cosmology from a brane-universe, " Nucl. Phys. B,

vol. 565, pp . 269-287, 2000 .
43 Khoury, J., Ovrut, B., Steinhardt, P., and Turok, N. , "The ekpyrotic universe : Colliding branes and the origin of

the hot big bang," Phys. Rev. D, vol. 64, 123522, 2001.
44 Tziolas, A., and Wang, A., "Colliding branes and formation of spacetime singularities," JHEP, vol. 0904, p. 038,

2009 .
45 Dvali, G., and Tye, H., " Brane ination, " Phys . Lett. B, vol. 450, pp. 72 -82, 1999.
46 Binetruy, P., De_ayet, C. , and Lang lois, D., "The radian in brane cosmo logy," Nucl. Phys. B, vol. 615, pp . 219-

236, 2001.
47 Randall, L., and Sundrum, R., " A large mass hierarchy from a small extra dimension," Phys. Rev. Lett., vol. 83,

pp. 3370- 3373, 1999.
48 Randall, L., and Sundrum, R., "An alternative to compactification ," Phys. Rev. Lett., vol . 83, pp . 4690-4693,

1999.
49 Ponton, E., and Poppitz, E., "Casimir energy and radius stabilization in five dimensional orbifolds and six ­

dimensional orbifolds," JHEP, vol . 0106, p. 019, 2001.
50 Ito, M., " Casim ir energies due to matter fields in T2 and T2 /Z2 compactifications," Nucl. Phys. B, vol. 668, pp .

322- 334, 2003 .
51 Obousy, R., and G. Cleaver, "Casimir energy and brane stability, " accepted to Int. J. Mod. Phys. A, March 2009 .
arXiv : 0810 .1096.
52 Zel'dovich, B., "The cosmo logical constant and the theory of elementary particles," Soviet Physics Uspekhi, vol.

11, pp. 381-393, 1968.
53 Obousy, R., "Invest igation into Compactified Dimensions: Casimir Energies and Phenomenological Aspects,"

Ph.D. Dissertation, Baylor University, Waco, TX, 2008, arXiv: 0901.3640 .
54 Caldwell, D., Mahapatra, R., and Yellin, S., "Large extra dimensions, sterile neutrinos and solar neutrino data,"

Phys. Rev. Lett., vol. 87, pp . 041601, 2001.
55 Caldwell, D., Mahapatra, R. , and Yellin, 5., " A new fit to solar neutrino data in models with large extra

dimensions," Phys. Rev. D, vol. 64, pp. 073001, 2001.
56 Dienes, K., Dudas, E., and Gherghetta, T., "Neutrino oscillations without neutrino masses or heavy mass scales:

A higher dimensional seesaw mechanism," Nucl. Phys. B, vol. 557, pp. 25, 1999.
57 Giddings, 5 ., " Gravity and strings, " Lecture given at 32nd SLAC Summer Institute on Particle Physics, vol. 551,

2004.


26
                            UNCLASSIFIED/ /POR OPPICIIIIL l:l!IIE 8HL\S
