{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T01:08:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 42853776, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870846509250083, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d149-aawsap-dird-mhd-air-breathing-propulsion-and-power-for-aerospace-applications-november-21-2010.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870846192765390, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d149-aawsap-dird-mhd-air-breathing-propulsion-and-power-for-aerospace-applications-november-21-2010.pdf", "source_sha256": "a885a20dcb94555eb91adaddb3461313f8a79a6289de3fe1aa9530cc0aaa6aca"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 0551~1.ltk WO& 8HL'f


                      Defense
                      Intelligence
                      Reference
                      Document
                      Defense Futures

21 November 2010

ICOD: 20 Ju ly 2010

DIA-08-1011-006


                      MHD Air Breathing Propulsion
                      and Power for Aerospace
                      Applications


                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FQR 8FFl@IJltt tJ9~ 814Li
                      UNCLASSIFIED//,FAR OliliiliGili,t.L W&E 8HL'f


 MHD Air Breathing Propulsion and Power for
 Aerospace Applications


              The Defense Intelligence Reference Document provides nonsubstantive but auLhoritaLive reference
              information related to intelli ence to ics or methodolo ies.


 Prepared by:

 Technology Warning Division (OWO-4)
 Defense Warning Office
 Directorate for Analysis
 Defense Intelligence Agency

 Authors:

AAP Person 86, AAP Person 87


 (U) COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not
 authorized.

 This product is one of a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2010
 under the Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced
 Aerospace Weapons System Applica tions (AAWSA) Pr ogram, Comments or gue~tions
 pertaining t o this document should be addressed to ._!AA
                                                         _ P_P,.,,e,,,,,
                                                                    rs,,,,,o.,..
                                                                             n....,1,.,..,.,,..,..,,,.__,,,..,,.,.,,..,.,.~J
 AAWSA Program Manager, Defense I ntelligence Agency, ATTN : JUIAF - DI/DW0-3,
 Bldg 6000, Washington D.C. 20340- 5100


                                                                                                                           ii
                      UNCLASSIFIED//f8R: err101,,L Wili Qtlb¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


Contents
SUMMARY ................ ........................................................................,..... iv

Chapter 1: CONCEPT OVERVIEW ............................................................ 1

      Weakly Ionized Plasmas for Propulsion Applications ....................... 2

      Electric Propulsion Systems .................. ....................................,...... 5

Chapter 2: AERONAUTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................. ...,.... 11

      Basic Principles of Magnetohydrodynamics and Requirements for
      MHD Performance ......................................................................... 11

      Nonequilibrium MHD in Cold Ai r Flows........................................... 13

      The Ajax Concept: MHD Bypass .................................................,.... 15

      The Reverse Energy Bypass................... ........................................ 18

      MHD Applications to Reentry and Near-Orbital Flight ................,.... 20

Chapter 3: SPACE APPLICATIONS ........................................................ 23

Chapter 4: SUMMARY AND PREDICTIONS ........................................ .... 25

Chapter 5: ENDNOTES ......................................................................... 26


Figures

Figure 1. Electrothermal Arcjet Thruster.................................................7
Figure 2. Electrostatic Gridded Ion Thrusters................................... ......8
Figure 3. Field Orientation for Hall Field Systems and PS Hall
   Thruster. .................................................................................... 8
                                                                                                 , 1, • • • • •


Figure 4. Electromagnetic Accelerator Field Configuration and Self-
   Field Electromagnetic Spacecraft Thrusters.......................................9
Figure 5. Air-Breathing MHD Engine.................................................,.... 10
Figure 6 . MHD Control of Scramjet Inlet Using E-Beam Ionization. ....... 15
Figure 7. Schematic of Ajax Hypersonic Vehicle Concept...................... 16
Figure 8. The Reverse Energy Bypass Concept.. .................................... 19
Figure 9. Schematic of the Virtual Cowl Concept................................... 20
Figure 10. Reentry Vehicle with Surface-Integrated MHD Device and
   Plasma-Enabled Vi rtual Streamlining and L/D Increase...............,.... 21
Figure 11. Electrothermal Arcjet Thruster on Satellite.......................... 23
Figure 12. SP- 100 Space Nuclear Power System................................... 24
Figure 13. Nuclear Electric Propulsion (NEP) Concept Vehicles.........,.... 24


                                                                                                                  iii
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
            UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL tt.!l!! 8HLY


MHD Air-Breathing Propulsion and Power for
Aerospace Applications

Summary
The paper reviews novel propulsion concepts utilizing plasmas (ionized
gases) and magnetohydrodynamics (MHD). These concepts are shown to
be attractive due to their potential to achieve propulsion and
aerodynamic performance far beyond current conventional technologies.
However, significant difficulties impede the development and application
of these technologies; these include weight, complexity, higher power,
and the need for complex and energy-consuming artificial ionization in
"cold" air (at Mach <12).

A well-publicized Ajax concept of MHD energy bypass has been shown to
be meaningless below at least Mach 12. In contrast, a new "reverse
energy bypass" with Virtual Cowl is potentially practical for air­
breathing hypersonic vehicles.

Applications of the Virtual Cowl and other plasma/MHD devices to
reentry, global-strike hypersonic gliders, and aeroassisted orbital
maneuvering are identified as promising in the near future. The ability of
a plasma/MHD system to generate high power onboard and to provide
L/D (lift-to-drag ratio) far beyond that possible conventionally makes
these applications both feasible and desirable for national defense.
However, these applications are also likely to be implemented by
nations such as China, Japan, and Russia.

The outlook for uses and applications of MHD propulsion could increase
dramatically if high-speed (hypersonic) vehicles begin to carry powerful
onboard electricity sources, such as nuclear (fission or fusion) reactors.

For spacecraft, the current trend of replacing chemical rockets with
electric propulsion systems will continue and is likely to become the
standard. Electric systems can provide a much wider range of operation
(e.g., low-thrust fine positioning/pointing, more frequent or
nontraditional maneuvers, and longer times on station) than chemical
systems can.


                                                                         iv
            UNCLASSIFIED/ {FOR AEEIClil.la WSE 8HL I
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI@IAL tt91!! 8flt I


Chapter 1 : Concept Overview
A flight vehicle's speed and altitude limit its available propulsion options.
Traditional air-breathing systems (propeller, turbofan, and turbojet) are typ ically
limited to altitudes below 80,000 feet. The existing and planned high-altitude
vehicles utilize either high-speed propulsion with ramjet and scramjet engines or
slow-speed systems with large propellers. Chemical rockets can operate at all
altitudes but have limited burn times and require both fuel and oxidizer to be
carried onboard.

High-speed air-breathing propulsion, based on ram/scramjet engines, have well­
known difficulties: external and internal flow compression and shock control;
shock-shock and shock-boundary layer interactions in the propulsion flowpath;
mixing, ignition, and flameholding in the combustor; incomplete combustion and
chemical energy release; and very high temperatures and wall heat fluxes in the
combustor. There are limits to what can be done about these problems with
conventional technologies, which is why the use of plasma (ionized gas) with or
without electric and magnetic fields can offer additional opportunities for control
and propulsion enhancement.

Onboard generation and storage of electric power is one of the main problems
encountered with respect to high-altitude, high-speed flight. Hypersonic vehicles,
both air-breathing and unpowered reentry "gliders," have no rotating
turbomach inery to which an electrical generator could be connected. An
attractive power option can be offered by magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) devices.
For example, placing an MHD generator immediately downstream of a scramjet
combustor can, given the high velocities and temperature of the flow and with
metallic additives to the fuel, provide high power (from tens of kW to several
MW) with no moving parts. For reentry vehicles, both external (i.e., surface­
integrated) and internal-duct MHD generators can generate high power also
without moving parts. Employing additional equipment like electrical generators
imposes a weight penalty that must be optimized with vehicle performance.

The use of electric and magnetic systems can open new potential areas for
aerospace propulsion. While chemical energy sources are limited by the energy
available for particular reactions and are limited to operating conditions that are
conducive to combustion, electromagnetic energy can be added to the flow over
a much wider range of operating conditions. For example, at very high altitudes
(>150 kft), it is difficult to get reliable combustion in hypersonic air-breathing
engines. In an electrothermal system, the combustor would be replaced with an
electrical heating source that can easily and reliably add enthalpy to the flow
even at low pressure. The flow can also be accelerated by manipulating body
forces ( electric and magnetic) on charged particles (ion and electrons) within the
flow.

Outside the atmosphere, we note that operation in space almost always requires
rocket propulsion whether it be chemical, electric, or nuclear. The exceptions
would be sails and tethers. Spacecraft are rapidly transitioning from chemical
rockets to electric (plasma) for most space-based operations.1 The higher
specific impulse (lsp) available for electric systems (2 to 100 times that of
chemical) has a dramatic impact on the vehicle design and operation. Although

                                                                                   1
               UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR OFFICIAL t,91!! 8HLY
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAA QFFl&IsTiL ~SI! 8flt I

electric (plasma) thrusters have been around for decades, their use in space was
limited by the electric power available onboard the spacecraft. 2 The advent of
high-power solar arrays has made systems from a few kW to tens of kW
practical. Chem ical systems will probably always be the primary choice for
getting vehicles into space. The thrust levels for electric systems are too low to
be practical for that purpose.

Chemical and electric (or electromagnetic) propulsion systems have intrinsic
differences. For example, chemical propulsion is "energy limited" because the
chemical reactants have a finite amount of energy per unit mass (i.e., their
enthalpy of combustion or reaction), which ultimately limits their ach ievable
exhaust velocity. However, because the propellants are their own energy source,
the rate at which energy is supplied to the propellant (which is ultimately limited
by the reaction kinetics) is independent of the mass of propellant, so very high
powers and thrust levels can be achieved. By contrast, electric propulsion
systems are typically not energy limited; an arbitrarily large amount of energy
can be delivered (from the external solar, nuclear or chemical power system) to
a given mass of propellant so that the exhaust velocity can be an order-of­
magnitude larger than that of a chem ical system . Instead, electric propulsion
systems are "power limited" because the rate at which energy from the external
source is supplied to the propellant is proportional to the mass of the power
system. This has the result of limiting the thrust of the electric propu lsion system
for a given vehicle mass. Because of this, electric propulsion vehicles are
typically low thrust-to-weight (T/W) ratio (i.e., low acceleration) vehicles.

WEAKLY IONIZED PLASMAS FOR PROPULSION APPLICATIONS
This review is devoted to a group of emerging technolog ies centering on weakly
ionized plasmas for propulsion and power. 3 Charged particles (ions and
electrons) must be present in the flow so that it can interact with applied electric
and magnetic fields. Space thrusters operate at very low pressures ( < 100 mTorr
or < about 2 psi) with a significant fraction of the working fluid/gas being
partiall y ionized (from a few percent to nearly 100 percent) . In contrast, air­
breathing systems operate at much higher pressures and have low ionization
fractions. The ionization fraction of concern (i.e., the fraction of gas molecules
that are ionized) ranges from as low as 10-s to 10- 2 , hence the term " weakly
ionized." The gas pressure in the plasmas can take almost any value. In
applications to high-altitude flight, the static pressure is on the order of 10-100
Torr, whereas combustion applications demand near-atmospheric ( ~760 Torr) or
above-atmospheric pressures. The temperature of the gas can be near-ambient
in low-pressure glow discharges, rising to 5,000-10,000K in arc or high-pressure
microwave discharges, or even 20,000-30,000K in laser-generated sparks. The
plasmas can be generated by electric or electromagnetic fields, from DC to RF,
short pulses, microwaves, and optical (laser) beams, or by various combinations
of the above. In general, low pressure plasmas tend to be uniform (diffuse) and
nonequilibrium. The temperature of electrons and internal molecular modes can
be very high, while the gas as a whole stays relatively cold. As the pressure and
power loading increase, plasmas tend to become hotter, getting closer to
thermal equilibrium, and also break into channels (streamers and arcs). The
reality, however, is more complex. In some devices, such as dielectric barrier
discharges, nonequilibrium plasmas are generated even at atmospheric pressure,

                                                                                    2
               UNCLASSIFIED/FQA &FFIElsllL ~SE et•t I
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8ffl@IAL tt.!l!! er•t t

and in devices such as t he gliding arc, the plasma evolves from near-equilibrium
to highly nonequilibrium during each of the per iodically repeating cycles. In
shock and boundary layers during reentry, the plasma is near therma l
equ ilibrium while being diffuse. The primary reason for this behavior is that the
ionizat ion in those shock and boundary layers exists without any electric field
and thus is not subject to arcing instabilities.

Plasma Features
What feat ures or properties make weakly ionized plasmas interesting for
propu lsion and aerodynam ic applications? The most obvious feature is heating - a
consequence of Joule dissipation in an electrically conducting medium placed in
an electric field. As a heating element, plasma has important advantages
compared with conventional heaters. For example, even a surface electric
discharge can effectively heat t he gas flow much farther from the wall than a
wall-imbedded convent ional heater would. Microwave and laser beams can
create plasmas and heat the gas even far from any surfaces, and the volume and
shape of the heated region can, in principle, be adjusted. Since heated regions
can significantly alter the flow by making the gas flow mostly around them,
plasmas can form switchable, controllable, and tunable virtual bodies or
surfaces. Such virtua l surfaces can be deployed on demand for drag reduction,
aerodynamic control (when app lied asymmetrically), and optimization of engine
inlet performance, to name a few. It is the localized and transient deployment of
plasma virtual surfaces that results in the most interesting and complex
interactions with gas flows while saving energy compared with large -volume,
steady-state plasma utilization, and thus is especially promising for applications.

Another useful application of plasma heating is ignit ion . This may seem triv ial;
after all, spark plugs in conventional internal combustion engines are well­
developed thermal plasma devices . However, therma l plasma ignition for
scramjet eng ines is not that simple, since the ign it ion system would have to
prevent the plasma from being easily blown away by the supersonic flow, and
even if this problem is resolved, if not properly (and qu ite ingeni ously) designed,
the igniter would cause an unacceptably strong perturbation to the flow and loss
of the stagnation pressure and wou ld require extremely high power. As an
example, plasma igniters based on subcritical microwave discharges are quite
sophisticated .

Besides heating, the presence of charged particles is another obvious, and very
important, feature of plasmas. Charged particles can be act ed upon by electric
and magnetic fields, and this action can be transferred to the bu lk gas by ion­
molecule collisions. Thus, magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) and
electrohydrodynamic (EHD) interactions can be ut ilized to exert forces and to
decelerate or accelerate the gas in both inviscid core flows and viscous boundary
layers. The magnitude of such interactions depends on the ionization fraction and
the magnetic or electric field strength.

MHD Interactions
The ionization fraction can be quite high in shock and boundary layers at very
high Mach numbers (such as those in reentry flight), or just downstream of

                                                                                     3
               UNCLASSIFIED) POI\ OFF!el»!CL tt.!l!! 8HLY
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFl&IJT.tk WSE 8HLV

ram/scramjet combustors if alkali vapor is added to the gas. In those regions,
MHD interactions can be promising for electric power generation or acceleration
of the flow, as well as for flow control. However, at Mach numbers below about
12 (and excluding the combustor or the region just downstream of it), the air is
too cold for a significant thermal ionization even with alkal i seeding. The required
level of ionization then has to be created and sustained by nonequilibrium
(nonthermal) means and is associated with a very substantial power budget and
additional heating. Therefore, the efficiency of ionization (which can vary by
orders of magnitude depending on the particular means of ionization) is of first­
order significance for the entire operation and efficiency of the device. Energy
used to ionize and excite the gas molecules can be considered as loss in the
system since this energy is rarely recovered in the form of directed kinetic or
thrust energy. Note that in this regard, ionization by high-energy electron beams
or by repetitive high- voltage nanosecond pulses are promising as the most
energy-efficient means of nonequilibrium ionization. 4 , 5 , 6 , 7

Even with the most efficient ionization techniques, the power budget and
additional heating associated with the ionizer normally limit the achievable level
of ionization. To have a substantial MHD effect, 8 • 9 one has to either use a very
strong magnetic field (which is associated with some practical issues) or use the
MHD interaction in a localized and transient regime (e.g., for boundary layer
control).

As for EHD interaction, 10 , 11 it relies upon non-neutral ity of the plasma and an
electric field to impart momentum to the gas. Although EHD (or "ion wind")
phenomena have been known for many years, the last several years saw a surge
of new interest to this type of interaction. This new boom is due to the
asymmetric dielectric barrier discharge (DBD)-a remarkably simple device that
has been demonstrated to be very effective in delaying and controlling flow
separation and perhaps even laminar-turbulent transition. Although details of the
physics of DBD plasma actuators are still incompletely understood, the simplicity
of these devices, their low power consumption, and the striking effectiveness in
separation control bring these systems to the top of the list of plasma
aerodynamics and plasma-assisted propulsion technologies that have near-term
application prospects.

Combustion
Another area where nonequilibrium (nonthermal) weakly ionized plasmas are
very promising is plasma-assisted combustion. Although heating induced by
plasmas can ignite combustible mixtures, as mentioned above, it is the presence
of "hot" electrons in a cold gas that makes nonequilibrium plasmas quite
interesting for promoting chemical processes such as combustion . Electron­
impact dissociation, excitation, and ionization of molecules can generate
chemically active species such as radicals and excited atoms and molecules, and
those species can initiate or accelerate chemical reactions that would otherwise
be nonexistent or slow at low temperature. A number of novel techniques,
including (but not limited to) high-voltage nanosecond pulses and the so-called
"gliding arc" have been shown to be quite effective in plasma-assisted
combustion . Investigation of detailed mechanisms (often quite complex and


                                                                                      4
               UNCLASSIFIEDtFAR AliFiUi1Ak WSE 8HLY
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /POR. OPPl@IAL ~SI! OHL¥

nontrivial) of the coupled physical and chemical processes in those plasmas can
potentially lead to their better understanding and help them become practical.

ELECTRIC PROPULSION SYSTEMS
Electric propulsion thrusters can be divided into three categories: electrothermal,
electrostatic, and electromagnetic. First, electrothermal thrusters use electric
energy to directly heat the propellant and add enthalpy. The heated gas is then
accelerated using a conventional converging-diverging gas-dynamic nozzle.
Second, electrostatic thrusters use applied static electric fields to accelerate
propellant ions via body forces. Third, electromagnetic thrusters use
electromagnetic body forces (ExB) to accelerate a plasma (positive and negative
charges). An electric propulsion system consists of a power source (e.g., solar or
nuclear), power conditioning electronics, engine/thruster (including inlet for air­
breathing systems), and fuel/propellant storage and feed subsystem.

Energy can be obtained from sunlight, a nuclear reactor, or chemical sources. In
the case of solar electric propulsion (SEP), solar photons are converted into
electricity by solar cells. The energy could also be beamed to the vehicle using
laser or microwave sources. Beaming the power allows for higher power
densities but with the added complications of needing a power station and a
means of getting the power to the vehicle (direct illumination or via a relay
system). In nuclear electric propulsion (NEP), thermal energy from the nuclear
reactor is converted into electricity by either a static or dynamic thermal-to­
electric power conversion system. Static systems have the advantage of no
moving parts for high reliability, but they have low efficiency; dynamic systems
have moving parts (e.g., turbines and generators) and do not scale well for small
systems, but they do have higher efficiency. Other onboard energy storage
systems such as high-density capacitors, flywheels, or fuel cells could be used.

Power conditioning systems are required to convert the power system voltage to
the form required by the electric thruster. For example, an SEP power system
produces low-voltage DC (typically ~l00V); this would need to be converted (via
transformers, etc.) to kilovolt levels for use in an ion thruster. The power­
conditioning system is often referred to as the power processing unit (PPU); this
is, in turn, part of the vehicle's overall power management and distribution
(PMAD) subsystem.

Various combinations of thruster and propellant are possible, depending on the
specific application. The propellant or working fluid can be either stored on board
and used in a rocket mode or collected from the atmosphere in an air-breathing
mode. The natural system-level trade between these propellant methods is
fuel/propellant mass versus power system mass. Air-breathing systems require
less propellant mass but require higher energies to perform similar missions.
Although rockets will operate in a space or air environment, t heir thrust
durations are limited by the amount of propellant that can be carried.

Key performance parameters determine the relative strengths and weaknesses
of different propulsion technologies. The fuel/propellant efficiency is
characterized by the specific impulse (Isp) for rockets and by the thrust-specific­
fuel-consumption (TSFC) for air-breathing systems. It is a measure of how much


                                                                                  5
               UNCLASSIFIED}liOA OFFl&IPdE W&E 8HLY
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAR OFFICI C Is. W&i e .. tv

thrust (Fth) is produced from each mass unit of propellant. The thrust efficiency
(ll ) is a measure of how much of the power/energy that is available results in
directed kinetic energy (thrust power) in the flow. The thrust density is a
measure of how much thrust is produced per unit cross-sectional area, Ac (area
perpendicular to the flow direction). Although the thrust density is a packag ing
issue for spacecraft, it is critical for air vehicles where drag is present. The
thrust-to-power measures the acceleration efficiency. Traditiona lly a trade exists
between fuel/propellant efficiency and thrust-to-power (speed vs. economy). The
fina l parameter is the specific mass or weight (mass)-to-power ratio. In most
cases the efficiencies improve with the size of the system (economy of scale).

Measures of performance are fundamenta lly different between air-breathing and
rocket systems due to the inlet on the air-breathing system .

                        Rocket                                           Air-Breathing


                                                   FIB = m, ue - m(/ u                  + A e (Pe - panil )

                                                       = ,,;J(l +f)u.- u] + A. (P. - P anti )


                                Thrust              I SP -=           Thrust         = _                  F....=
                                                                                                              lh' - -
  l sp - - - - - - - - - - -                                   fuel weight flow rate
               propeJlant weight flo w rate
                  F,h           u cq
        =                   =
                                0
                                o o
                 m, g o                                               fuel mass flow rate __ mJ
                                                    TSFC = - - - - - -
                                                                                    Thrust                F111


                        .
   p jel    = 1/2 m, u;q = 1/2 F,1, I SP 8 0


                                            .                          p            1/2 ( ,,;, u;q   _,,;au 2)
1] =   ½ ·er      = F,h l sp 8 0 _ 112 m, u;q                 1]   = ___!!!_    =   - - - ' - - - - --'--

       P,,/ect          2 P,,,,cr        P ,/ec,                      P e,ec/                 P,,,c,

Above, m0 is the mass flow rate of the air, mI is the mass flow rate of the fuel,

m, is the exit flow rate, go is the acceleration of gravity (reference po int, Earth),
Ue is the nozzle exit velocity, u is the flight/vehicle velocity, Ueq is the equivalent
exit velocity, Ae is the nozzle exit cross -sectional area, Pe is the nozzle exit

                                                                                                                        6
                          UNCLASSIFIED/Peft. err1e1111t ~9E 8,.L?/
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ orr1e1At WSE 8Ptk¥

pressure, Pamb is the ambient/environmental pressure, Pj et is the jet-kinetic
power (thrust power) produced by the engine, and P eiect is the electrical (or other
external source) power supplied to the propulsion system. For air-breathing
systems the mass flow rate of the fuel is very small relative to the mass flow
rate of the air.

Note that an air-breathing system can never fly faster than its exhaust velocity.
Rockets, because they carry an onboard oxidizer, do not have this restriction
and, therefore, have no flight-speed limits. The jet power for high-speed air­
breathing engines is larger than the equivalent jet power for a rocket due to the
inlet and is the difference of two large numbers.

Large power levels are required for aircraft and launch vehicles . For example, an
SR-71 cruising at Mach 3.2 produces a thrust of 24,700 lbf (110 kN) and a jet
power of 104 MW. Climb and maneuver thrust is much higher. Similarly, an RL10
rocket eng ine produces 15,000 lbf (66.7 kN) thrust at an l sp of 433 seconds, and
has a jet power of 142 MW. By comparison, a Nimitz class nuclear aircraft carrier
propulsion system is 194 MW, and the Hoover
dam produces about 2000 MW. Therefore, any
electric system replacing these applications must
be capable of processing a lot of power.
Spacecraft propulsion systems are typically
hundreds of watts to tens of kW. This, in addition
to powerplant weight issues, is a primary reason
why electric propulsion systems are currently
being used on spacecraft and not on aircraft.
Historically, electric thrusters for spacecraft were
available for flight decades before the power
systems. 12


                                                    Figure 1. Electrothermal Arcjet
                                                    Thruster. Photograph of a 30-kW
                                                    arcjet thruster being tested at the
                                                    Jet Propulsion Laboratory .13


                                                                                      7
               UNCLASSIFIED/f8R 8ffl@lsld:. WSE 8Ptklf
                UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 055iliCl.t.k WSE 8HL'f

Electrothermal thrusters use electric energy to
heat the propellant and add additional enthalpy.
This can be done with simple resistive heating or
by passing the propellant gas through an arc
plasma discharge. The plasma can be generated
through a high-current discharge or by
absorption of microwaves. The hot pressurized
gas is then accelerated out of the thruster using
a conventional converging-diverging gas-dynamic
nozzle. An example of an electric arc heated
thruster or arcjet thruster is shown in Figure 1. Figure 2. Electrostatic Gridded
                                                             Ion Thrusters. Photo-
Electrostatic thrusters use an applied static         graph of a gridded 30 cm diam ­
electric field to accelerate propellant ions. Strong eter ion thruster being tested at
electric fields are created in the engine which       the Jet Propulsion Laboratory . 14
then accelerate the (positive) ions to high velo­
cities. The accelerating field can be applied using physical grids such as those
used in ion engines or using "virtual grids" generated by an applied magnetic
field that traps the electrons as is done in Hall-effect thrusters. A photograph of
the NASA ion engine used on the Deep Space One spacecrah is shown in Figure
2. While gridded electrostatic thrusters like ion thrusters are cap-
able of very high l sp (1,000 to >20,000 seconds) values they have very low
thrust densities ( 1-5 N/m 2) due to the space-charge current limit in the
accelerator system. Hall -effect thrusters do not have this space-charge limit but
also have thrust density limits due to the annular geometry (tens of N/m 2).
Typical power levels are from watts to 50 kW.

In the Hall field orientation, the electric field causes electrons to flow upstream
and the ions to drih toward the exhaust as shown in Figure 3. 15 The electrons
and ions transfer equal and opposite amounts of momentum to the air, resulting
in zero thrust when no magnetic field is present. However, with the application of
a transverse magnetic field, the forward flow of electrons is slowed while the ah
flow of ions is nearly unaffected. Consequently, there is a net momentum
transfer resulting in thrust on the vehicle.


                               Hall Field
                               Orientation

                           E


Figure 3. Field Orientation for Hall Field Systems and PS Hall Thruster. Left: Figure
shows the Hall field orientation. Right : PS Hall Effect thruster being tested at the University of
Michigan.


                                                                                                 8
                 UNCLASSIFIEDff8fl 8ffl@IIIIL ~BE 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFl&IAk WSE 8HLV

Electromagnetic thrusters use electromagnetic body forces (ExB) of Lorentz
force to accelerate a propellant plasma as shown in Figure 4. 16 , 17 The electric
field is applied using electrodes within the thruster. The Lorentz or ExB force
accelerates both positively charged ions and negatively charged electrons or
negative ions in the same direction. The magnetic field can either be applied
externally (applied field thruster) or generated by a very high current (typically
thousands of amps) plasma discharge (self-field thruster). The current also
serves to ionize the propellant. It is the interaction of the electric and magnetic
fields that pushes the plasma out of the thruster at high velocity via the Lorentz
force that acts mutually perpendicular to the electric and magnetic fields.
Spacecraft electromagnetic thrusters are capable of processing much higher
power densities (SO kW to tens of MW) and much higher thrust densities than
electrostatic thrusters (hundreds to thousands of N/m 2).


U1n
                    E
              0..
                    ExB
 Faraday
   Field
Orientation

Figure 4. Electromagnetic Accelerator Field Configuration and Self-Field
Electromagnetic Spacecraft Thrusters. Left: Illustration of the electric and magnetic field
configuration. Center: Photograph of a MW-class pulsed magnetoplasmadynamic (MPD)
thruster being tested at Princeton University . Right: Photograph of a 50-kW steady-state MPD
thruster being tested at Princeton University .


An example of an air-breathing electromagnetic accelerator system for high­
speed and high-altitude flig ht is shown in Figure 5. Air enters through the inlet
on the left. The center section both accelerates the flow via electromagnetic body
forces and heats the gas through Ohmic heating. The gas is then further
accelerated using a diverging gas-dynamic nozzle.


                                                                                            9
                    UNCLASSIFIED/,50B AFFIGilrAk Wlili 8HLY
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFI@IAL ~S!! 8HL I


Figure 5. Air-Breathing MHD Engine. An illustration of a conceptual high-speed air­
breath ing MHD engine and (insert) a photograph of the operating proof-of-concept
experiment being investigated by Lockheed Martin Aeronautics .

We note here that in its first-ever list of top 10 emerging aerospace
technologies, released in 2009, the American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics (AIAA) included two plasma technologies: plasma actuators for
active flow control and plasma-based advanced space propulsion technologies.


                                                                                      10
                UNCLASSIFIED/F&R 8FFl@IAL ~!JC 811L I
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR Offl@IA:L tt.!l! Dflt I


Chapter 2: Aeronautical Applications - Concepts and
System Issues
In this section we will review the following issues and concepts:

•   Basic principles and problems of MHD propulsion, power generation, and flow
    control .
•   MHD inlet control.
•   MHD power generation in scramjet flowpath.
•   Plasma-generated virtual surfaces for drag reduction, steering, and virtual
    cowl.
•   MHD energy bypass: the Ajax concept.
•   The reverse energy bypass concept.
•   MHD power generation and aerodynamic control for reentry vehicles.

BASIC PRINCIPLES OF MAGNETOHYDRODYNAMICS AND
REQUIREMENTS FOR MHD PERFORMANCE
The basic principles of magnetohydrodynamics (MHD) are understood very well.
When an electrically conducting fluid crosses magnetic field lines, an
electromotive force (Faraday e.m.f., equal to the product of flow velocity u and
the strength of magnetic field B, uB, multiplied by the channel width) is induced
across the fluid and the B field. If then a pair of electrodes is positioned on either
side of the fluid flow and connected via a ballast resistor on the outside, an
electric current will be induced in the circuit, and power will be generated on the
external load. This electric power will represent partial conversion of the flow
enthalpy (consisting of thermal and kinetic energy of the flow) into electricity. At
the same time, the current flowing through the finite -conductivity fluid will
produce Joule heatinga of the flu id that will increase both static temperature and
entropy of the fluid.

The ratio of the extracted electrical power to the Joule dissipation rate is
determined by the ratio of the load resistance to the sum of load and fluid
resistances; this ratio is called the "load factor," k, O<k<l.

The current (current density j) induced in the fluid, being normal to both the
magnetic field B and the flow direction, results in the body force per unit volume
equal to jxB and directed against the flow. This body force, commonly called the
"Lorentz force" (it should be properly ca lled the ampere force or the
ponderomotive force), is directed against the flow in MHD generators, acting to
slow the flow down and reduce its total energy, which is in line with the
electricity extract ion.


a Joule heating, given by the expression, Q=l 2Rt, (Q is the beat generated by a constant current, l, flowing
through a conductor of electrical resistance, R, for a time, t), is the process by wbjch the passage of an
electric current through a conductor releases heat. If current, resistance, and time are expressed in amperes,
ohms, and seconds respectively, the unit of Q is the joule. The increase in the kinetic or vibrational
collisional energy of the ions and electrons manifests itself as heat and a rise in the temperature of the
conductor. Rather than a wire, the conductor in this app.lication is an ionized fl uid.

                                                                                                            11
                    UNCLASSIFIED}liOA OFFHilif.tl:: ~9E 8HL I
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8PPl€1A:L l191! t>flt I

Similarly, if a voltage source (e.g., a battery) is connected to the electrodes
placed on either side of the flow in such a way that the app lied e.m .f . acts
against the induced Faraday e.m.f., then the current will flow in the direction
opposite to the Faraday current, and the jxB force will be in the direction of the
flow. This will be an MHD accelerator that converts the battery-supplied electrical
energy partially into enthalpy of the flow and partially into Joule dissipation in
the circuit . The correspond ing load factor, k, defined as the ratio of the applied
electric field E and the product uB, k = E/uB, is greater than 1 in this accelerator
configuration.

In generator and accelerator devices, the interaction between the induced
motion of electric charges across the B field and that field results in an e.m.f.
induced along the flow. Th is secondary e.m.f. is called the "Hall e.m.f., " and the
magnitude of Hall effect increases with the ratio of electron-cyclotron frequency,
ws= eB/m , and the electron collision frequency, v . This ratio is ca lled the electron
Hall parameter, ne. As the Hall parameter approaches 1, the Hall current
directed along the flow increases at the expense of the transverse Faraday
current, resu lting in reduction of the jxB force. To reduce or eliminate the Hall
current, the electrodes placed on either side of the fl ow are normally segmented
and thus form multiple pa irs. Each electrode pa ir has a proper res istor and/or
battery in its circuit. Theoretically, th is segmented -electrode Faraday
configuration enables t he performance equa l to that without the parasitic Hall
effect. However, as the Hall parameter increases, so does the voltage fall
between the adjacent electrode segments, so that eventually arcing between the
segments starts, effectively negating the advantage of segmenting.

A better (and more "natural") MHD configuration at high values of the Hall
parameter is the one where each electrode pa ir (with the electrodes on either
sides of the flow and right across each other) is shorted, and the voltage is
either extracted (in the generator case) or app lied (in the accelerator case) along
the flow, between the first and the last electrode pair. This is called the "Hall
configuration ."

A usefu l dimensionless parameter reflecting the strength of MHD interaction is
called the MHD interaction parameter, or the Stuart number, and it represents
the ampere body force effect relative to the flow momentum flux:

       S= aBL
             pu
In this equation, cr is the electrical conductivity of the fluid, B is the magnetic
fi eld strength, L is the characteristic linear dimension, p is the fluid density, and
u is the velocity.

Therefore, for a significant MHD effect in high-speed, high dynamic pressure flow
(e.g., in hypersonics), the conductivity and the B fi eld strength must be high .
Herein lies the principal problem for aeronautica l MHD applications. Indeed,
normal air is not an electr ical conductor. Air does become ionized and thus
electrically conducting as it is heated to very high temperatures (3,000- 10,000K
or higher), such as those achieved in shock and boundary layers around reentry
veh icles, at Mach numbers M= 12- 25 or so. The ionization fraction then reaches
10·5 -10·2 , and the conductivity from 100 to about 3,000 mho/m ensues. Seeding

                                                                                     12
                UNCLASSIFIED/FAA QFFl&lillt ~9E 8HLI
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI@IAL 1!19! 8HLV

the shock or boundary layer with a modest amount of alkali metal vapor helps in
getting the conductivity close to the maximum achievable level of ~3,000
mho/m. At this level of conductivity, a modest magnetic field, B~0.1-0.3 Tesla,
is sufficient for substantial MHD effects (power generation, flow acceleration, or
aerodynamic control). However, at gas temperatures of "only" 1,500-2,000K or
so typical for scramjet combustors, even seeding the flow with alkali vapor
results in conductivities no higher than 10-30 mho/m, in which case the strength
of magnetic field required for substantial MHD performance at L= 1 meter or less
is quite high: 8=3-10 Tesla. The weight, volume, and complexity associated with
such a strong magnetic field that must be created in such a large volume make
this application very problematic.

NONEQUILIBRIUM MHD IN COLD AIR FLOWS
The situation becomes worse in relatively cold air. Indeed, static gas
temperatures at Mach number less than about 12 are quite low ( < 1,S00K) even
in shock and boundary layers. At these temperatures, the electrical conductivity
of air, even if seeded with alkali metals, is negligible. For MHD devices to operate
in such conditions, conductivity (ionization) has to be created in a nonthermal
(nonequilibrium) way. Nonequilibrium (i.e., with cold gas and hot electrons)
plasmas are routinely sustained in glow and RF discharges such as those in
fluorescent light tubes and devices used in microchip fabrication. The principal
differences between those devices and the MHD systems for aeronautics follow :

•   Pressures of interest in aeronautics (>10-100 Torr) are much higher than
    those in typical glow discharges (1 Torr or less) resulting in much higher
    power required to sustain plasmas and to severe problems with arcing
    instabilities.

•   The ionization fraction needed for a good electrical conductivity and
    acceptable MHD performance is much higher than that required for a
    fluorescent light, again resulting in high power budget and overheating.

For cold nonequi librium plasmas, the power budget is determined by the average
energy cost (usually expressed in eV), W;, of ionization (i.e., of producing an
electron-ion pair), and the rate at which the electron-ion pairs must be
generated in order to compensate for electron losses in recombination,
attachment, and other processes. The recombination is the dominant loss
mechanism at reasonably high electron densities, and its rate is proportional to
the product of electron and ion number densities. Since in quasineutral plasmas
the number densities of electrons and ions are close to each other, the
recombination rate (per unit volume) is equal to kdrn e2 , where kdr is the
dissociative recombination rate coefficient and ne is the electron number density.
Note that the characteristic plasma decay time due to recombination is almost
always very short, typically ~1-10 microseconds, so that the flow moves only a
very short ( ~1 cm) distance during the decay time. This is why schemes with
pre-ionization upstream of the MHD region with no ionization in t he MHD reg ion
itself are not viable; the ionization must be done continuously throughout the
MHD region.


                                                                                 13
               UNCLASSIFIED/,liQA QFFl&IAL l!t9E 81tt I
              UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL "91! er•tY

The average energy cost, W;, of ionization varies greatly depending on the
ionization method. For example, in conventiona l glow -like discharges of large
volume at moderate or high pressure, the ionization cost is ~10,000 eV (i.e.,
three orders of magnitude higher than the minimum ionization energy [10-15
eV]). This is due to the low average electron energy ( ~ 1 eV) and to the
dominant losses of electron energy in inelastic collisions with air molecules. This
is why a highly efficient ionization technique must be used in order to give cold­
air MHD devices a chance to be viable. High-energy electron beams represent
such a technique. Generated in vacuum electron guns and injected into air
through either thin foil or a differentially pumped window, energetic (>1-50 keV)
electrons produce many more low-energy plasma electrons, so that the average
ionization cost is only W; =34 eV. This ionization efficiency is theoretically the
best.

Of course, electron beam systems are quite difficult to work with due to fragile
foils or massive differential pumping facilities; X-ray generation is also not
helpful for flight applications. But even putting these important practical
problems aside, and even with the lowest possible cost per electron, the
requirement that a cold-air nonequilibrium MHD device uses sign ificantly less
power for ionization than it extracts from (in the generator case) or adds to (in
the accelerator case) the flow imposes a severe constraint on the maximum level
of ionization and conductivity. Calculations show that the maximum ionization
fraction is on the order of 10-6 and the maximum conductivity is on the order of
1 mho/m. With this low conductivity, substantial (5~0.1 or higher) MHD
interaction parameters can only be reached with magnetic fields higher than
several Tesla (i.e., 10-20 Tesla). The weight and volume of a magnet then
makes such flight devices quite impractical, unless a breakthrough in magnet
and materials technologies occurs resulting in ultralightweight magnets with
B~l0 Tesla.

As an example of potential use of nonequilibrium cold-air MHD devices with
ionization by e-beams, we note the studies of MHD scramjet inlet control
performed by one of the authors of this survey and his Princeton University
colleagues. These theoretical/computational studies showed that indeed, with
proper optimization, MHD interaction at the compression ramp upstream of the
scramjet inlet can restore the shock-on-lip (SOL) condition at Mach numbers
higher than the design Mach number for a given fixed-geometry inlet (Figure 6).
During the MHD operation, the generated electrical power would be enough for
ionizing e-beams, with a sign ificant percentage of the power left to be stored
onboard and used for other purposes. The advantage of MHD inlet control is that
it elim in ates the need for a variab le-geometry (movable) cowl that wou ld be
associated with a large weig ht and complexity; the disadvantage is that the
weight and complexity associated with magnets and e-beam systems may
negate the advantages. Systems studies are needed to fully assess the
practical ity of this MHD inlet control, and results of such stud ies would strongly
depend on the state-of-the-art and future advances in lightweight magnet and e­
beam technology. 1s, 19, 20, 21, 22


                                                                                  14
               UNCLASSIFIED/,EOP AEEJiGJiPd: ~9E 81\L,
                UNCLASSIFIED/ /POR. OPPl@IAL ~91!!! OHL¥


      E-beams                   B field


                                          forebody
                                                            vehicle


   Flow
                                                                inlet


                                                     Cowl lip

 Figure 6. MHD Control of Scramjet Inlet Using E-Beam Ionization. The retarding
 ampere force restores the shock-on-lip condition at Mach numbers higher than the
 design value.


THE AJAX CONCEPT: MHD BYPASS
An MHD-assisted propulsion concept that has attracted perhaps the most
attention over the last decade or two is known as the Ajax, or Ayaks. The
concept, illustrated in Figure 7, orig inated in the 1980s at Leninetz Scientific &
Production Enterprise (now Leninetz Holding Co.) in Leningrad, USSR (now St.
Petersburg, Russia). A good overview of the concept and its present status and
problems can be found in the recent article 23 included in the Special Section of
the Journal of Propulsion and Power devoted to weakly ionized gases for
propulsion enhancement, with one of the authors of this survey serving as
special guest editor.


                                                                                      15
                UNCLASSIFIED/FAA OFF1&1AI:: ~9E et•t I
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR AFEICIA.k W&i 8,.LY


---------->
------>-
--- .:,,                                                            EleC'/oc
---- -->                                                            energy
-------- -->----
Air counterflow        ',       I                       000 0                        00-00                      l

                        '       [                   ~<>'""'o'""'o'""a:-L
                                                                       , -l----->--:;""'ct;,
                                                                                          o..,,-o---'-N
                                                                                                      .::::ozzle:
                       ''       ,a ... -------- ... v ,--------- I
                        '                                                                             '
                                                                                            MHD accel9:rator
           Aerodynamic:'
                                         MHD controlled
               heat      :                   inlet                           Combustion chambe~'
                         '                                                                                   _,
                        't''        ~-----------------,'/ ----------------- -
               CheJlllcal Hem         Modified          Magneto-Plasma-Chem1cal
            Rege,nernrion S~cern        fuel                Engine (MPCE)


 Figure 7. Schematic of Ajax Hypersonic Vehicle Concept. The upper and
 lower pictures represent the same concept, but we re published by the authors (A.
 Kuranov et al.) at different times.


The key idea of the Ajax is that, with propulsion, aerodynamic, and heat
protection system for hypersonic vehicles hitting their theoretical and practical
limits, the only way beyond these limits is smart management of energy (i.e.,
taking energy from the surrounding flow and putting that energy where it is
needed fo r propulsion benefits). The following three major concepts/systems are
included in Ajax: 24

• Endothermic fuel conversion. A mixture of hydrocarbon fuel (similar to
  kerosene) and water initially stored on board is used to cool the external
  surfaces and engine walls, and the heat transferred to the mixture is used in


                                                                                                                    16
                      UNCLASSIFIED/FQA QFFHiilif.tl: WOE 8,.L'I
              UNCLASSIFIED/ ;re" OFFICIA:L tt.!I!! OHL¥

  a thermocatalytic "cracking" process that makes a syngas (i.e., CO - H2
  gaseous mixture) from the original kerosene-water liquid mixture. The
  syngas made onboard is a much better fuel from the Isp standpoint than
  liquid hydrocarbons, and with the onboard thermocatalytic conversion there is
  no need to carry hydrogen from the takeoff. This part of Ajax is certainly very
  meaningful and probably viable.
• MHD energy bypass. This is perhaps the most controversial part of Ajax. An
  MHD generator extracts energy from the airflow upstream of the scramjet
  combustor; th is energy bypasses the combustor and is put back into the flow
  via MHD accelerator placed downstream of the combustor. We will discuss
  this concept below.
• Plasma for drag reduction. A part of the MHD-generated power can, in
  principle, be used to generate a plasma in air upstream of the vehicle nose.
  This plasma would weaken the bow shock and reduce the wave drag on the
  hypersonic vehicle. Although there were claims by some Russian groups
  about 10-15 years ago that weakly ionized plasmas can reduce shock
  strength via some unknown physical mechanism, extensive research in the
  United States, Europe, and Russia has conclusively shown that the effects are
  purely thermal. However, even with purely thermal action, plasma drag
  reduction can be quite meaningful and useful for high-speed flight (see
  below).

Perhaps the most basic problem with the MHD bypass, as po inted out by D.
Riggins, 25 is that as a propulsion power cycle, it runs in the direction opposite to
that dictated by thermodynam ics. Indeed, any thermodynamically correct heat­
into-power conversion cycle has work addition (e.g., compression) prior to heat
addition (e.g., in the form of combustion), and work extraction follows the heat
add ition. This is why air is compressed (wor k added) upstream of the combustor
in all normal propulsion cycles, whether by compressor in a turbojet or a
compression ramp upstream of a scramjet combustor. In th is sense, MHD power
(work) extraction before air enters the scramjet combustor, followed by MHD
power addition after the combustor, constitutes a thermodynamically "wrong"
and thus inherently inferior, propulsion system.

However, in criticizing the Ajax power cycle and arguing that the I sp of Ajax is
always less than that of a system without MHD bypass, D. Riggins 26 makes a
significant mistake. In his derivations, he assumes that combustion-generated
heat addition in the combustor occurs at a gas temperature equal to the
stagnation temperature of the flow (i .e., that the flow is fully stagnant in the
combustor). This assumption is in direct contradiction to the very idea of a
scramjet, where combustion occurs in supersonic flow. Heat addition in the
combustor thus occurs at a static, not stagnation, temperature. It is this fact
that at least gives MHD bypass a chance to increase Isp.

Indeed, calculations described in the above-referenced paper27 by the Ajax group
do resu lt, in some conditions and with careful optimization, in an I sp increase.
Our analysis of their calculations shows that increase in static temperature
caused by flow deceleration and Joule dissipation in the MHD generator upstream
of the combustor is the reason for higher I sp. Indeed, since the entropy increase
in the combustor is equal to Q/T, where Q is the heat added and T is the static
temperature at which this heat is added, any increase would lead to lower

                                                                                    17
               UNCLASSIFIED/FAA AFFl&li¾I:: ~9E Olttt
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA 8FFI@IAL ~S! 8HL I

entropy increase and thus, as can be easily shown, to higher lsp. The lsp increase
due to the increase in combustor temperature is made smaller by negative
factors such as irreversibilities due to Joule dissipation in both MHD generator
and accelerator and by the thermodynamically "wrong" work extraction before
the combustor.

The lsp increase, however, even in optimal cases, is only several percent. Given
the crude assumptions in the paper28 ( 1D flow, no boundary layer and heat
losses, uniform plasma, no e-beam energy losses, no losses in electric circuitry),
this gain of several percent would turn into a loss of l sp in more realistic analysis.
Additionally, the weight and complexity associated with magnet and e-beam
systems should be kept in mind. Therefore, one can state with certainty that
MHD energy bypass at Mach<12 (where nonequilibrium ionization of air is
required) is not a meaningful technology.

Where the MHD bypass could be useful is at very high Mach numbers
(Mach>12). First, stagnation temperatures at these Mach numbers are high
enough for significant thermal ionization with reasonable amount of alkali seed
(0.01-1% by volume), thus eliminating the need for a heavy, complex, and
entropy-generating nonequilibrium ionization system. Second, at static
temperatures (>2,000K) reached in the combustor at these Mach numbers,
there is no combustion per se, just dissociation of fuel and air molecules followed
by full or partial recombination into other molecules that releases heat into the
flow downstream of the combustor in the expansion nozzle. For such a regime,
the group at NASA Ames showed 29 , 30 through modeling that MHD bypass can
indeed increase the lsp. Note, however, that materials and structures, as well as
fuel development, are currently such that air-breathing flight at Mach> 12 is not
realistic. In the future, if air-breathing propulsion at Mach> 12 becomes possible
in principle, reexamination of MHD bypass benefits and flaws will be warranted,
especially if lightweight magnets also become available by that time.

THE REVERSE ENERGY BYPASS
Returning to Mach< 12, one of the authors of th is survey, together with his
colleagues, has proposed a very different bypass concept, dubbed the reverse
energy bypass (Figure 8). 31 , 32 The energy (in the form of electricity) is extracted
from the flow in an MHD generator placed just downstream of the combustor (or
collocated with the combustor). This at least avoids the need fore-beam
ionization, since the air mixed with combustion products is sufficiently hot right
after the combustor that an acceptable electrical conductivity (on the order of 10
mho/m or higher) can be generated thermally, provided alkali metals are seeded
into the fuel and are thus present in the combustor and downstream of it.

A part of the electrical energy generated downstream of the combustor could be
used upstream of the MHD generator, which is why this is called the reverse
energy bypass (the energy being bypassed is moved in the upstream direction) .
Plasma-assisted combustion (such as ignition, flameho lding, and mixing) would
benefit from this electrica l energy. Plasma heat addition, in steady or transient
modes, enabled by this electrical power, would be beneficial for control of shock
interaction at the inlet and for drag reduction and/or steering and pitch or yaw
control when used in front of the vehicle's nose.

                                                                                     18
               UNCLASSIFIED} FOR OPP!e!i!CL tl!JE 8HLY
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 055iliCl.t.k WSE 8HL'f


                                                                   MHD
                                                             heat-Into-power
                                                               conversion


 Figure 8. The Reverse Energy Bypass Concept. The red arrow symbolically depicts the
 general di rection of energy bypass - upstream.


A promising version of the reverse energy bypass concept uses t he electric
power extracted from the flow in the MHD generator to increase the air mass
flow rate through the combustor in off-design conditions. If the inlet is designed
for shock-on-lip condition at a certain hig h Mach number (e.g., Mach 8), then at
Mach numbers lower t han the design value (e .g., Mach 6) the inlet does not
completely capture the compressed flow, which is associated with the so-called
spillage drag, effectively reducing the thrust. This undesirable effect can be
prevented by the so-called virtual cowl-a heated region upstream of the cowl lip
(Fig ure 9) .33 , 34 This heated (e.g., plasma) region deflects the flow and helps with
scooping more air into the inlet. Moreover, with proper positioning, only cold
(unheated) air is scooped into the inlet, t hus avoiding reduction in total pressure
and t hrust that would have occurred if heated air were scooped into the
propulsion system.


                                                                                       19
               UNCLASSIFIED/FQA QFFHiilif.tl: WSE 8HL'I
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'FOR OFFI@IAI! WSE OHl!lf


                                              fo rebody          vehicle


               Flow
                                                                       inlet


                                                  Heated ~       ow l lip
 Deflected                                        region
  tream line


Figure 9. Schematic of the Virtual Cowl Concept. Plasma-generated heated region
upstream of the cowl lip deflects the flow and scoops more air into the inlet.


Analysis of the reverse energy bypass involving MHD generator downstream of
the scramjet combustor and an optim ized virtual cowl revealed that, although
enthalpy extraction and entropy production in the MHD generator substantially
reduce the thrust, the combined system with virtual cowl can actually increase
thrust by as much as 20-30% .35, 36

From the system standpoint, this concept, with all its associated weight and
complexity, should be compared with that involving a movable (variable
geometry) cowl that is associated with a heavy and complex electrohydraulic
system and also requires power. An attractive feature of the reverse bypass
concept that might make it a winner is its multifunctional nature. Indeed, MHD
power generation downstream of the combustor can be an attractive power­
production option for hypersonic vehicles. Alternatives (batteries, fuel cells, and
the like) are not very competitive for generation of large amounts (hundreds of
kW to 1-10 MW) of power onboard. Thus, if an MHD generator in the propulsion
flowpath is accepted as the power source, its operation in conjunction with a
virtual cowl that significantly increases thrust in off-design conditions, and also
enables aerodynamic control and maneuvering, would become quite practical.

Note also that if another source of high (MW-scale) power, such as a nuclear
reactor, is onboard, its use for virtual cowl, drag reduction, and aerodynamic
control would be straightforward and would greatly increase performance of the
hypersonic vehicle .

MHD APPLICATIONS TO REENTRY AND NEAR- ORBITAL FLIGHT
We now turn to MHD application to reentry and near-orbital flight. Due to the
high velocities and enthalpies involved, the gas temperature in shock and
boundary layers is very high, from several thousand to 10,000-20,000K. At
these temperatures, thermal ionization is very substantial, and at the low end of

                                                                                  20
                  UNCLASSIFIED/f8R OFFISIJ!ik W&E SHlb¥
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

the temperature range, a moderate seeding with NaK (sodium-potassium)
mixture would be sufficient to produce an electrical conductivity from > 100
mho/m to as high as 1,000-3,000 mho/m. With this level of conductivity, very
modest magnetic field B~0.1-0.2 Tesla would suffice for a strong MHD
performance (Figure 10).

Modeling shows that MW-scale power can be generated in these conditions by a
surface-integrated MHD system from 1 square meter of vehicle surface.
Interestingly, calculations show that the additional weight of the system,
assuming a 1,000-second mission, is determined mostly by the water required to
cool the copper-wire electromagnet and that the additional weight is quite
acceptable, increasing the practicality of the system. 37 , 38 , 39 , 4 0


                                                                       a for virtual
                                                                        lining and
                                                                       crease


Figure 10. Reentry Vehicle With Surface-Integrated MHD Device and Plasma­
Enabled Virtual Streamlining and L/D Increase.


One good use of such hig h power would be to create a plasma in front of the
vehicle in order to reduce drag (Figure 10). Nonoptimized analysis shows that
the "return" (i.e., the drag power saved divided by the power spent on creating
the plasma) can easily be as high as 40-50 (i.e., the drag power saved is
40-50 times greater than the power spent on the plasma). 41 There are
theoretical and experimental indications that with proper shaping of the plasma
region (specifically, making it long and thin), the "return" can be > 100. Thus,
this "reverse energy bypass" would result in substantial reduction in drag and
increase in L/D (lift-to-drag ratio) by tens of percent. The increase in L/D would
directly translate in increased downrange for an unpowered hypersonic global
"glider" and in increased cross-range for a de-orbiting space asset. Note that off-


                                                                                       21
               UNCLASSIFIEDfFQR &FFIEilslll ~91: 8Hl'I
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAR OFFICI Ck W&i 8HLV

axis positioning of the plasma region would create steering or pitch/yaw control
moments. 42

An attractive application that utilizes this plasma/MHD-enabled increase in L/D is
orbit inclination changes for space assets. Even a modest (a few degrees) orbit
inclination change requires a very large amount of delta-velocity and energy and
thus a very large amount of fuel to be burned. If the space asset dives into the
upper atmosphere (to altitudes of 200-300 kft), it can use aerodynamic turning
(sim ilar to airplanes), provided the L/D ratio is high enough. Unfortunately,
hypersonic L/D, especially in rarefied air at high altitudes, is not much higher
than 1. Plasma and MHD technologies hold substantial and realistic promise to
achieve hypersonic L/D of 3-10, which would be a game-changer and enable,
among other missions, aerodynamically assisted, on-demand orbital inclination
changes .

We now briefly consider another MHD application : a hybrid chem ical/MHD
propu lsion. The nozzle exit velocity of chemical systems (air-breathing and
rockets) is limited by the chemical energy available from the fuels/propellants
and the temperature limits of the system materials. One method to increase the
exit velocity of the system is to add an MHD accelerator system to the nozzle.
The flow is first accelerated using a conventional gas dynamic converging­
diverging nozzle and then the MHD system further accelerates the supersonic
flow in the diverging portion of the nozzle. Many ground-based systems have
been developed and tested to accelerate flows using MHD systems. These have
been primarily either proof-of-concept systems or for hypersonic wind tunnels. 43 •
44 Systems have been proposed for both small in-space systems45 , 46 and for

large engines for launch vehicles. 47 While this concept has great potential and
the accelerator physics are well established, it has several practical limitations.
To be efficient, the energy added to the flow from the MHD system should be on
the order of or greater than the energy added by the chemical stage . This
requires power levels that are not available on either type of vehicles. For
example, for launch vehicles the jet power levels would be in the hundreds of
MW to tens of GW range. The low ionization fractions in the flows also severely
limit the thrust efficiency of the MHD systems to a few percent. This combined
with the large jet powers requires enormous launch -vehicle powers. Similarly for
space systems, a better solution would be to use the available power in a more
efficient electric thruster. The large powers also require large masses for the
MHD system components for reasonable specific mass (kg/kW). To be
comparable to pure electric systems on spacecraft, the MHD augmentation
system specifi c mass would need to be improved by a factor of 1,000 over state­
of-the-art technologies. 48 One potential solution around the power issue is to
beam the power to the vehicle. 49 Another serious issue is the magnets needed to
provide the 2- to 40-Tesla fields required. In many cases, the weight of the
magnet and magnet power supply wou ld exceed the veh icle mass usin g existing
technology. The magnet system mass will need to be reduced by several orders
of magnitude to make flight systems practical.


                                                                                 22
               UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OPP!e!ftt tl!E 8HLV
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI@IAL tt91!! Brit I


Chapter 3 : Space Applications
Electric propulsion systems are
currently being used for attitude
control, positioning, and primary
propulsion. The use of electric
propulsion systems on spacecraft
was limited by the amount of
power available. The thrusters
were developed decades before
the power systems. Early
applications were the replacement
of hydrazine monopropellant
thrusters with hydrazine resistojet
and arcjet thrusters (increasing lsp
from 200 seconds to 300 seconds         Figure 11. Electrothermal Arcjet Thruster on
for resistojet thrusters and to 600     Satellite. Lockheed Martin Series 7000 Comsat
                                        with Aerojet 1.8-kW Arcjet thrusters (insert
seconds for arcjet thrusters). An
                                        photo) for north-south station keeping.
example is shown in Figure 11.
This keeps most spacecraft the same, just changing the thrusters (lower risk and
cost). Newer spacecraft are being designed specifically for use with electric
thrusters. These are primarily gridded ion engin es and Hall-effect thrusters
operating on xenon propellant. Xenon is a unique noble gas that can be stored
with densities close to liquids at pressures above 800 psia. As the available
electric power has increased, the transition to alt electric spacecraft has
increased, as well as the sizes of the electric propulsion systems. Hall thrusters
are used for station keeping as well as apogee insertion maneuvers. This trend
will continue for decades to come. 50

The high lsp available from electric systems enables new operation concepts for
what a spacecraft can do. The amount of propellant that can be stored onboard
limits the number and types of maneuvers the spacecraft can perform. Electric
systems enable enhanced ability to relocate assets, fly nontraditional or non ­
Kelplerian orbits, and keep spacecraft on station for much longer periods.
Although the l sp of electric systems are much higher than chemical systems, the
thrust levels are much lower. This results in much lower spacecraft accelerations
and longer repositioning times. The availability of higher power levels will allow
for higher power thrusters to be used and, therefore, the repositioning times to
be lower. For a given power, the lsp and thrust can be traded (Pe1ect = ½ go lsp Fth
/17). High-power Hall-effect thrusters are being designed to operate in both a
high-thrust (lower l sp) mode for obit insertion and repositioning and high -lsp (tow
thrust) for propellant-efficient maneuvers and station keeping. This adds
significant flexibility to how the spacecraft is operated and the missions it can
perform .

Very fine spacecraft position ing and pointing can be accomplished using the low
thrust levels associated with some electric systems. For example, fie ld emission
electric propulsion (FEEP) and colloid thrusters are capable of thrust levels in the
micro-Newton range and can be used to offset small spacecraft perturbations
such as solar wind.


                                                                                   23
               UNCLASSIFIED/FQA OFFl&lsld:. ~9E 8HLY
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /EAR QFFl&IAk l!ISl!!! er•t I


Another operational option enabled with                   CUTAWAY VIEW OFTHESP-IOOSPACE
                                                              NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEM
electric systems is to fly at much lower obits
where drag forces would normally cause the
spacecraft to reenter in a short period of
time. An air-breathing electric thruster can
be used for drag make-up without the need
for additional propellant.51

Nuclear fission power systems coupled with
electric thrusters enable new capabilities.
Nuclear space reactors have been flown in
space (SNAP-10A by the United States and
TOPAZ reactors by the former Soviet
                                                  Figure 12. SP-100 Space
Union). 52 The SP-100 system shown in             Nuclear Power System.
Figure 1253 was being developed in the            Illustration of the 100 kWe SP-100
1990s as a tug to move spacecraft from            nuclear reactor .
LEO to GEO orbits . Even higher powered
systems have been proposed to planetary
missions such as those shown in Figure 13. 54 • 55 Having a nuclear vehicle in orbit
also enables the beaming of power to air or ground vehicles from orbit or the use
of laser and microwave weapons.


      Figure 13. Nuclear Electric Propulsion (NEP) Concept Vehicles. Left is the
      100-kWe Jupiter Icy Moons (JIMO) planetary spacecraft. Right is a 100- MWe-class
      piloted Mars vehicle.


                                                                                          24
               UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OEFICllk W61i 8HLY
              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFl@IAL 1!191!! 8HLY


Chapter 4: Summary and Predictions
The principal reason for attractiveness of plasma/MHD propu lsion concepts is
that they could in principle reach beyond the limits of conventional propulsion,
power, and aerodynamic technologies. It is thus near or beyond those limits that
novel plasma technolog ies will likely find their application.

The principal difficulties or flaws associated with the plasma and MHD
technologies are as follows:

• Weight and complexity, especially if there is a need for a strong (>1 Tesla)
  magnetic field in large volumes, and if electron beams are needed for
  ionization.
• For MHD accelerator/thruster, power requirements could be overwhelm ing.
• MHD operation is accompanied not only by the work of ampere forces, but
  also by irreversibilities and entropy generation due to Joule dissipation. This
  reduces thrust and l sp of propulsion systems.
• In the absence of thermal ionization (i .e., at Mach< 12), complexity and
  power budget associated with nonequilibrium ionization all but make MHD
  propulsion systems impossible.


In contrast, appl ications to reentry, global-strike hypersonic gliders, and
aeroassisted orbital maneuvering look very promising in the near future. The
"free" thermal ionization enables MHD devices with very modest B field and the
ability of plasma/MHD system to provide L/D far beyond that possible
conventionally; together, it makes these applications both feasible and desirable
for national defense. However, these types of applications are also likely to
attract attention of other nations, including (but not limited to) Russia, China,
and Japan, that have proven knowledge and experience required to accomplish
such missions and technologies. These nations have the capability to develop
such novel technologies within several years and deploying those technologies
perhaps within 10 years.

The fortunes of MHD propulsion could increase dramatically if high-speed
(hypersonic) vehicles begin to carry powerful onboard electricity sources, such as
nuclear (fission or fusion) reactors. Since deployment of onboard nuclear power
is mostly a political rather than a technological issue, it is difficult to predict if
this going to occur and, if yes, when.

For spacecraft, the current trend of replacing chemical rockets with electric
propulsion systems will continue and probably will become the standard. Electric
systems can provide a much wider ra nge of operation (e.g., low-thrust fine
positioning/pointing, more frequent or nontraditional maneuvers, and longer
times on station) than chemical systems can. The trend to larger spacecraft
power levels will further accelerate this trend. Ultimately, the high power levels
required (hundreds of kW to multi-megawatts) for certain missions will lead to
revisiting the use of nuclear fission reactors in space.


                                                                                   25
               UNCLASSIFIEDf,F&R &FFl&IAI: W&E OHi:?/
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAR AFEiliCl.t.l: W8f! er•t I


Chapter 5: Endnotes

1 F. WiL on, "Recent Advances in Satellite Propulsion and Associated Benefits." AlAA-2006-5306, 24th

Int rnationaJ Communications Satellite Systems Conference, San Diego, CA, June 2006.
2 E. Choueiri, "A Critical History of Electric Propulsion: The First 50 Years,' Jo urnal of Propul ion and

Power, Vol. 20, No. 2, March-April 2004.
3 Journal of Propulsion and Power, Special Section "Weakly Ionized Plasmas for Propulsion Applications,"

Vol. 24 No . 5-6, September-October and November- December 2008.
4 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, "Modeling of Discharges Generated by Electron Beams

L□ Dense Gases: Fountain and Thunderstorm Regime," Physics of Plasmas, 2001, Vol. 8, No. 5, pp. 1518-
1528.
5 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, R.B. Miles, and R.J. Lipinski "Electron Beam Generated Plasmas LO

Hypersonic Magnetobydrodynamic Channels ' AIAA Journal , 200l , Vol. 39 o. 6, pp . I l27-l L36.
6 S.O. Macberet, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles. " Modeling of Air Plasma Generation by Repetitive High ­

Voltage Nanosecond Pulses," IEEE Transactions on Plasma Science, Vol. 30 No. 3 June 2002, pp. 130 l -
 l314.
7 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.C. Murray, "Ionization in Strong Electric Fields and Dynamics of
Nanosecond-Pulse Plasmas," Physics of Plasmas Vol. 13, 2006, 023502.
8 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, R.B. Miles, and R.J . Lipinski , "Electron Beam Generated Plasmas in

Hypersonic Magnetohydrodynamic Channe ls," AIAA Journal , 2001 , Vol. 39, No. 6, pp. 11 27-1136.
9 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, "Magnetohydrodynamic and Electrohydrodynamic

Control ofHypersonic Flows of Weakly Ionized Plasmas," AIAA Journal , Vol. 42, No. 7 July 2004, pp.
 I 378- I 387.
10 Journal of Propulsion and Power, Special Section "Weakly Ionized Plasmas for Propulsion

Applications," Vol. 24, os. 5-6, September-October and November- Decemb r 2008.
11 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider and R.B. Miles, «Magnetohydrodynamic and Electrohydrodynamic

Control of Hypersonic Flows of Weakly Toni.zed Plasmas," AIAA Journal , Vol. 42 , o. 7, July 2004, pp.
1378-1387.
12 E. Choueiri , "A Critical History of Electric Propulsion: The First 50 Years," Journal of Propulsion and

Power, Vol. 20, No. 2, March-April 2004.
13 R. Frisbee, editor, "Advanced Space Propulsion Concepts," Jet Propulsion Laboratory internal document,

January 2002. (This document was accessible via internet until 2003 but has since been removed.)
14 R. Frisbee, editor, "Advanced Space Propulsion Concepts," Jet Propulsion Laboratory internal document ,

January 2002. (This document was accessible via internet untiJ 2003 but has since been removed.)
15 Thrusters, University of Michigan Plasmadynamics & Electric Propulsion Laboratory,

http: //aerospace.engin.umich .edu/spacelab/thrusters/thrusters .html.
16 R. Frisbee, editor, "Advanced Space Propulsion Concepts," Jet Propulsion Laboratory internal document,

January 2002. (This document was accessible via internet until 2003 but has since been removed .)
17 The Lithium Lorentz Force Accelerator for High Power Space Propulsion Project, Electric Propulsion
and Plasma Dynamics Lab, Princeton University, http://alfven.p1inceton.edu/projects/LiLFA.htm.
18 S.O. Macheret M.N . Shneider, and R.B. Miles, "Magnetohydrodynamic Control of Hypersonic Flow and
Scramjet Inlets Using Electron Beam Ionization " AIAA Journal, Vol. 40, No. 1 2002 pp. 74 -81.
19 S.O. Macheret M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, ''MHD Power Extraction from Cold Hyperson.ic Air

Flow with External Ionizers," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 18, No. 2, 2002, pp. 424-431.
20 M.N . Shneider, S.O. Macheret, and R.B. Miles, "Analysis of Magnetohydrodynamic Control of Scramjet
Inlets," AIAA Journal, Vol. 42 , No. l l , November 2004, pp. 2303-2310.
2 1 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, "Optimum Performance of Electron Beam Driven MHD

Generators for Scramjet Inlet Control " ATAA Journal , Vol. 45, o. 9, 2007, pp. 2157-2163.
22 8 . Parent, S. Macheret, M. Shneider, and     . Harada," umerical Study of an Electron-Beam-Confined
Faraday Accelerator,' Journal of Propu lsion and Power, Vol. 23 , o. 5, 2007, pp. 1023-1032.
23 Kuranov and A. Korabelnikov, "Ahnospheric Cruise Flight Chal lenges for Hypersonic Vehicles Under

the Ajax Concept," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 24, No. 6, November- December 2008, pp. 1229-
1247.


                                                                                                        26
                   UNCLASSIFIED/FQA &FFIEIIIIL ~9E 811Li
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI': OFFICIAL "91! Oflt t


24 Kuranov and A. Korabelnikov, "Atmospheric Cruise Flight Challenges for Hypersonic Vehicles Under

the Ajax Concept," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 24, No. 6, November- December 2008, pp.1229-
1247.
25 D. Riggins, "Analysis of the Magnethydrodynamic Energy Bypass Engine for High-Speed Airbreathing

Propulsion," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 20, o. 5, 2004, pp.779-792.
26 D. Riggins, "Analysis of the Magnethydrodynamjc Energy Bypass Engine for High -Speed Airbreathing

Propulsion " Journal of Propulsion and Power Vol. 20, No. 5, 2004, pp. 779 -792.
27 Kuranov and A. Korabeil1ikov, "Atmospheric Cruise Flight Challenges for Hypersonic Vehicles Under

the Ajax Concept," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 24, No. 6, November- December 2008, pp.1229-
1247.
28 Kuranov and A. Korabelnikov, "Atmospheric Cruise Flight Challenges for Hypersonic Vehicles Under

the Ajax Concept," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 24, No. 6, November- December 2008, pp..1229-
1247.
29 C. Park, U.B. Mehta, and D.W. Bogdanoff, "Magnetohydrodynamics Energy Bypass Scramjet

Perfom1ance with Real Gas Effects," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 17, No. 5, 200 I, pp. I 049-
1057.
30 C. Park, D.W. Bogdanoff, and U.B. Mehta, "Theoretical Performance ofa Magnetohydrodynamic­
Bypass Scramjet Engine with Nonequilibrimn Jonjzation," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 19, No .
4,2003, pp.529-537.
3 ' M.N. Shneider and S.O. Macheret, "Modeling of Plasma Virtual Shape Control of Ram/Scramjet Inlet
and Isolator," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 22, No. 2, 2006, pp. 447-454.
32 M.N. Shneider, S.O. Macheret, R.B. Miles, and D.M. Van Wie, "MHD Power Generation in Scramjet
Engines in Conjunction With Lnlet Control ," AlAA 2004-1197, 42nd Aerospace Sciences Meeting and
Exhibit, Reno, NV, January 5-8, 2004.
33 S.O. Macheret M.N . Shneider, and R.B. Miles, "Scramjet Inlet Control by Off-Body Energy Addition: a

Virtual Cowl ," AJAA Journal, Vol. 42, No. 11 November 2004, pp. 2294-2302.
34 M. . Shneider, S.O. Macheret, S.H. Zaidi, 1. Girgis, and R.B. Mj[es, "Virtual Shapes in Supersonic Flow

Control with Energy Addition , Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 25 , o.5, 2008, pp. 900-915.
35 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, "Scramjet inlet Control by Off-Body Energy Addition: a

Virtual Cowl ," AlAA Journal, Vol. 42, No. l l , ovember 2004, pp. 2294 -2302.
36 M.N. Shneider, S.O. Macheret, S.H. Zaidi , I. Girgis, and R.B. Miles "Virtual Shapes in Supersonic Flow

Control with Energy Addition," Journal of Propulsion and Power, Vol. 25, o.5, 2008, pp. 900-915.
37 S.O. Macheret, M.N . Shneider, and G.V. Candler, "Modeling of MHD Power Generation On Board
Reentry Vehicles," AJAA 2004-1024, 42nd Aerospace Sciences Meeting and Exhibit, Reno, NV , January
5-8, 2004.
38 C. Steeves, M.N. Shneider, S.O. Macheret, R.B. Miles, H. Wadley, and A. EvaDs, " Electrode Design for

Magnetobydrodynamic Power Panels on Re-Enteri ng Space Vehicles," Paper AIAA -2005-1340, 43rd
ATAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting and Exhibit Reno, Nevada, Jan. 10-1 3, 2005.
39    . Barlow, C. Steeves, M. Shneider, S. Macheret, R. Miles, and A. Evans, "Modeling of Near-Electrode
Layers for MHD Power Panels on Ree ntering Space Vehicles," Paper AfAA 2005-5047 , 36th AfAA
Plasmadynamics and Lasers Conference, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, 6-9 June 2005 .
40 T. Wan, G. Candler, S. Macheret, and M. Shneider, "Three-Dimensional Simulation of the Electric Field

and Magnetohydrodynamic Power Generation during Reentry," AJAA Journal, Vol. 47, o. 6, 2009, pp.
1327 - 1336.
4 1 S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and G.V. Candler, "Modeling ofMHD Power Generation On Board

Reentry Vehicles," AIAA 2004-1024, 42nd Aerospace Sciences Meeting and Exhibit, Reno, NV, January
5-8, 2004.
42 l.G. Girgis, M.N. Shneider, S.O. Macheret, G.L. Brown, and R.B. Miles, "Creation of Steering Moments

in Supersonic Flow by Off-Axis Plasma Heat Addition," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets Vol. 43, No. 3,
2006, pp. 607-613.
43 R. Litchford et al., "Magnetohydrodynamic Augmented Propulsion Experiment: I. Perfom1ance Analysis

and Design," AJAA 2002-2184, 33rd Plasmadynamics and Laser Conference, Maui , HI, May 2002.
44 R. Litchford and J. Lineberry, "Status of Magnetohydrodynamic Augmented Propulsion Experiment,"
AIAA-2007-3 884, 38th ALAA Plasmadynam.ics and Lasers Conference, Miami, FL June 2007.


                                                                                                       27
                   UNCLASSI FIED/FOR AliliilifiilPd: W9E et•t I
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ ;re" OFFICIA:L tt.!I!! OHL¥


45 K. Goodfellow, R. Frisbee, and J. Brophy, "MHD Propulsion Study," Plasma/Electromagnetic Advanced

Propulsion Workshop, University of Tennessee Space institute, December 10- 11, 1997.
46 J. Lineberry and J. Chapman, "MHD Augmentation of Rocket Engines for Space Propulsion," AJAA -
2000-3056, 35th lntersociety Energy Conversion Engineering Conference, Las Vegas , V, July 2000.
47 J. Cole, J. Campbell and A. Robertson, "Rocket-lnduced Magnetobydrodynamjc Ejector - A Single­

Stage-to-Orbit Advanced Propulsion Concept," AJAA-95-4079, AJAA 1995 Space Programs and
Technologies Conference, Huntsville, AL, September 1995.
48 K. Goodfellow, R. Frisbee, and J. Brophy, "MHD Propulsion Study," Plasma/Electromagnetic Advanced

Propul sion Workshop, University of Tennessee Space Institute, December I0-11 , J997.
49 J. Lineben-y and J. Chapman, " MRD Augn1entation of Rocket Engines for Space Propulsion," AIAA-

2000-3056, 35th lntersoci ety Energy Conversion Engineering Conference, Las Vegas, NV , July 2000.
°
5 F. Wilson, "Recent Advances in Satellite Propulsion and Associated Benefits," AIAA-2006-5306, 24th

International Communications Satellite Sy ·terns Conference, San Diego, CA, June 2006.
5 1 V. Hruby et al., " Air Breathing Electi-ically Powered Hall Effect Thruster," United States Patent number

US 6,834,492 B2, December 28, 2004.
52 G. Bennett, "Space Nuclear Power: Opening the Final Frontier," AIAA-2006-4191 , 4th International

Energy Conversion Conference and Exhibit (IECEC), San Diego, CA, June 2006.
53 R. Frisbee, editor, "Advanced Space Propulsion Concepts," Jet Propulsion Laboratory internal document,

January 2002. (This document was accessible via internet tmtil 2003 but has since been removed.)
54 Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter (JIMO) mission web page, Jet Propulsion Laboratory,

http ://www2.jpl.nasa.gov/jimo/
55 R. Frisbee, edjtor, "Advanced Space Propulsion Concepts," Jet Propulsion Laboratory internal document,
January 2002. (This document was accessible via internet unt.il 2003 but has since been removed.)


                                                                                                          28
                   UNCLASSIFIEDfF&R 8FF1@1111L tt9E Ot•t I
