{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T09:12:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 67407068, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870872876604433, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d153-aawsap-dird-quantum-tomography-of-negative-energy-states-in-the-vacuum-january-11-2011.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870871370751367, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d153-aawsap-dird-quantum-tomography-of-negative-energy-states-in-the-vacuum-january-11-2011.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc2dc83edc60634dd69e8cb0dd2acdc3e1e1bfe598a70bcd6feb462a7422183e"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI@IAL l:l!H! 9HL I


                            Defense
                            Intelligence
                            Reference
                            Document
                            Defense Futures
11 January 2011

!COD : 10 August 2010

DIA-08-1102-007


                            Quantum Tomography of
                            Negative Energy States in
                            the Vacuum


                        UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OPPICIJ!ct l:ISE 8P..,¥
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OlifilGIAk WSE 8HLV


 Quantum Tomography of Negative Energy States in the
 Vacuum


      The Defense Intelligence Reference Document provides non-substantive but
      authoritative reference information related to intelligence topics or methodologies.


 Prepared by:

 Technology Warning Division (DW0-4)
 Defense Warning Office
 Directorate for Analysis
 Defense Intelligence Agency


 Author:


AAP Person 58


 COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.

 This product is one of a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2010 under the Defense
 Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace Weapons System Applications
  AAWSA Pro ram. Comments or questions pertaining to this document should be addressed to
 MP Person 1                 AAWSA Program Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: JUIAF -
                            ashington D.C. 20340-5100.


 ii
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ }FQA QFFIGl,t.L: W&ii 9tlb¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOR OFFIEIAk W&liii 8PtLY


Contents
Introduction ........................................................................................................... 1

REVIEW OF NEGATIVE (or SUB-VACUUM) ENERGY ................................................. 3

       Overview ........................................................................................................ 3
       Examples of Negative (Sub-Vacuum) Energy Found in Nature ....................... 4
           Basic Notions of the Quantum Field Theory of Light ................................... 5
           Basic Notions on the Origin of the Quantum Vacuum Zero-Point
           Fluctuations ............................................................................................... 7
           Negative (Sub-Vacuum) Energy in Squeezed Light .................................... 8
           Negative (Sub-Vacuum) Energy in the Casimir Effect................................ 13

QUANTUM OPTICAL HOMODYNE TOMOGRAPHY .................................................... 15

       Observing Negative Energy in the Lab .......................................................... 15
       Basic Notions of Quantum Optical Homodyne Tomography .......................... 16
           Wigner Functions ..................................................................................... 17
           Beam Splitters.......................................................................................... 24
           Photodiodes ............................................................................................. 27
           Balanced Homodyne Detection ................................................................. 27
           Outline of Experimental Procedure ........................................................... 32

BALANCED HOMODYNE SYSTEMS FOR MEASURING NEGATIVE
(SUB-VACUUM) ENERGY ....................................................................................... 33

       Time-Domain Balanced Homodyne System .................................................. 33
       Balanced Homodyne System for Casimir Cavities ......................................... 36

CONCLUSION ........................................................................................................ 43

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ......................................................................................... 45

REFERENCES ........................................................................................................ 46


iii
                       UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL U:!I! fJHLY
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI@IAL l:l!H! 9HLY


Figures

Figure 1. Illustration of a Squeezed State of Light ............................................... 13
Figure 2. Schematic of the Casimir Effect ............................................................. 14
Figure 3. Illustration of Quantum Optical Homodyne Tomography ....................... 16
Figure 4. Wigner Function for a Vacuum and for a Coherent State ....................... 19
Figure 5. Wigner Function of a Squeezed Vacuum ................................................ 20
Figure 6. Wigner Function of a Single Photon ....................................................... 21
Figure 7. Quantum Tomography of Schrodinger-Cat States .................................. 22
Figure 8. Schematic of an Ideal Lossless Beam Splitter ........................................ 25
Figure 9. Illustration of a Fictitious Beam Splitter ................................................ 26
Figure 10. Schematic of a Balanced Homodyne Detector...................................... 29
Figure 11. Balanced Homodyne Detector Using Fictitious Beam Splitters ............. 31
Figure 12. Balanced Homodyne Detector Using A Single Effective Fictitious Beam
Splitter ................................................................................................................. 32
Figure 13. Time-Domain Balanced Homodyne Detector........................................ 34
Figure 14. Experimentally Measured Squeezed State ........................................... 35
Figure 15. Balanced Homodyne Detector with a Local Oscillator .......................... 38
Figure 16. Diagram of Casimir Cavity with BHD Photodiodes ............................... 40
Figure 17. Experimental Setup of BHD Photodiodes and LO Field ......................... 40
Figure 18. Detailed Schematic of Experimental BHD Apparatus ........................... 41
Figure 19. Predicted Casimir Spectral Density ...................................................... 41
Figure 20. Predicted Suppression of Vacuum Fluctuations in dB.......................... 42


iv
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOR OEEICl.1.1. Uiliii ONI.¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR. OFFICIAL tt.!I!! OHL¥


Quantum Tomography of Negative Energy States in the
Vacuum

Introduction

Future aerospace vehicles could have an advanced propulsion system that uses
negative quantum vacuum energy to modify the spacetime geometry in the immediate
vicin ity surrounding the vehicle in order to induce faster-than -l ight motion via
traversable wormholes or warp drives, or even levitation via antigravity [1, 2]. These
exotic propulsion concepts are well-known in mainstream general relativity and
quantum field theory research. The notion of a physical state with negative energy is
not familiar in the realm of classical physics. However, it is not rare in quantum field
theory to have quantum states with negative energy density or a negative energy flux.
Even for a quantum scalar field in the flat Minkowski spacetime, it can be proved that
the existence of quantum states with negative energy density is inevitable [3].

Although all known forms of classical matter have non-negative energy density, it is not
so in quantum field theory. A general quantum state can be a superposition of particle
number eigenstates and may have a negative expectation value of energy density in
certain spacetime regions due to quantum coherence effects [3]. These considerations
remain true even for quantum fields in a curved spacetime where the effects of
gravitational fields, or equivalently, accelerations, can be observed due to the mass of
astronomical bodies or the motions of astronomical bodies.

There are two key examples of specially prepared quantum vacuum states that are
known to produce small amounts of negative energy density in the laboratory. These
are the well-known Casimir effect and the squeezed vacuum states of the
electromagnetic field. The former is a static quantum vacuum effect wh ile the latter is
a time-domain quantum vacuum effect. There are several other examples of special
quantum vacuum or particle states that produce negative energy density, but they are
beyond the scope of this report because they remain mathematical curiosities or are not
practicable to im plement in the laboratory in the foreseeable future.

We already make small amounts of negative energy in the laboratory via the Casimir
effect and squeezed electromagnetic vacuum states, but we do not yet know if we can
access larger amounts for extended periods of time over extended spatial distributions
for the purpose of modifying spacetime for aerospace propulsion applications. It will be
necessary to first explore the quantum natu re of the Casimir effect and squeezed
electromagnetic vacuum states to determine whether we can measure and spatially
map their negative energy density. This is a necessary first step to take before
beginning any study on producing large quantities of negative energy because we will
first need to know how to measure and spatially map negative energy in order to
properly control it after producing it. This is the motivation for this report.

We need to firm up our understanding of how lab detectors will respond to negative
energy in situ. A first step in this direction was already taken by Hansen et al. [4] in
2001 for the time-domain negative energy pulses in squeezed electromagnetic vacuum
states, and more recently Marecki [5, 6] generalized the analysis of the output of
balanced homodyne detectors (BHDs) for t he case of static negative energy states


1
                 UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL U.!I!! or~L'
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOA OFFl&IAl WSE er•tv

inside Casimir cavities. The most important feature of these devices is their abi lity to
quantify the quantum vacuum fluctuations of the electric field because the output of
BHDs provides information on the one- and two-point functions of arbitrary states of
quantum fields. Marecki computed the two -point function and the associated spectral
density for the ground state of the quantum electric field in Casimir geometries, and
predicts a position- and frequency-dependent pattern of BHD responses if a device of
th is type is placed inside a Casimir cavity. The proposed device allows for the direct
detection of quantum vacuum fluctuations and provides a spatial mapping of the
negative energy contained inside the cavity, wh ich will be summarized in this report.


2
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL U.!! 8HLY
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /iOR QFFl&IAL l:ISI!!! Brit I


REVIEW OF NEGATIVE (or SUB-VACUUM) ENERGY
Overview
The implementation of faster-than-light (FTL) interstellar travel via traversable
wormholes or warp drives or other antigravity forces for propulsion, generally requires
the engineering of spacetime into very specialized local geometries surrounding the
immediate vicinity of the aerospace vehicle undergoing this type of motion. The
analysis of these via the general relativistic field equation plus the resultant source
matter equations of state demonstrates that such geometries require the use of
"exotic" matter in order to produce the requisite FTL or antigravity spacetime
modification . Exotic matter is generally defined by general relativity physics to be
matter that possesses (renormalized) negative energy density (sometimes negative
stress-tension = outward pressure, a.k.a. gravitational repulsion or antigravity), and
this is a very misunderstood and misapplied term by the non-general relativity
community. We clear up this misconception by defining what negative energy is, where
it can be found in nature, and we also review the two primary experimental concepts
that are known to produce negative energy in the laboratory. Also, it has been claimed
that FTL and antigravity spacetimes are not plausible because exotic matter violates the
general relativistic energy conditions. However, it has been shown that this is a
spurious issue. The identification, magnitude, and production of exotic matter is seen
to be a key technical challenge, however. FTL and antigravity spacetimes also possess
features that challenge the notions of causality and there are alleged constraints placed
upon them by quantum effects. Reference [1] reviews and summarizes these issues
with an assessment on the present state of their resolution.

What exactly is "exotic" matter? In classical physics the energy density of all observed
forms of matter (fields) is non-negative. What is exotic about the type of matter that
must be used to produce traversable wormhole, warp drive, or antigravity spacetimes is
that it must have negative energy density and/or negative flux [7]. The energy density
is "negative" in the sense that the configuration of matter fields we must deploy to
produce a traversable wormhole, warp drive, or antigravity effect must have an energy
density, PE (= pc2, where pis the rest-mass density), that is less t han or equal to its
pressures/tensions, pi [8, 9]. * In many cases, these equations of state are also known
to possess an energy density that is algebraically negative, i.e., the energy density and
flux are less than zero. It is on the basis of these conditions that we call this material
property "exotic." The condition for ordinary, classical (non-exotic) forms of matter
that we are all familiar with in nature is that PE> pi and/or PE;:::,: 0. These conditions
represent two examples of what are variously called the "standard" energy conditions
which are computed from the trace of the matter stress-energy tensort : Weak Energy
Condition (WEC: PE;:::,: 0, PE+ Pi;:::,: 0), Null Energy Condition (NEC: PE+ Pi;:::,: 0),
Dominant Energy Condition (DEC), and Strong Energy Condition (SEC). These energy
conditions forbid negative energy density between material objects to occur in nature,
but they are mere hypotheses. Hawking and Ellis [10] formulated the energy conditions
in order to establish a series of mathematical hypotheses governing the behavior of

• From this point forward, all Latin letters (e.g ., i, j, k = 1... 3) that appear as indices on physical quantities denote
the usual 3-dimensional space coordinates, x•...x3 , indicating the spatial components of vector or tensor quantities .
t The stress-energy-momentum tensor is a matrix quantity that encodes the density and fl ux of energy and
momentum for any type of matter under study .


3
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ ;<fQA OFFI@IAL l:ISf! 9Htl'
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI': orr1c11tt U.!I! Oflt I

collapsed-matter singularities in their study of cosmology and black hole physics. More
specifically, classical general relativity allows one to prove lots of general theorems
about the behavior of matter in gravitational fields.

However, real physica l matter is not "reasonable" because the energy conditions are in
general violated by semiclassical quantum effects ( occurring at order Tl) [9]. * More
specifically, quantum effects generically violate the average NEC (ANEC). Furthermore,
it was discovered in 1965 that quantum field theory has the remarkable property of
allowing states of matter containing local regions of negative energy density or negative
fluxes [3]. This violates the WEC, which postulates that the local energy density is non ­
negative for all observers. And there are also general theorems of differential geometry
that guarantee that there must be a violation of one, some, or all of the energy
conditions (meaning exotic matter is present) for all FTL and antigravity spacetimes.
However, all of the energy condition hypotheses have been experimentally tested in the
laboratory and experimentally shown to be false - 25 years before their formulation
[11].

In quantum field theory, negative energy is a manifestation of what is now called the
"sub-vacuum" levels of the quantum zero-point (or vacuum ground state) fluctuations
that correspond to any particular quantum field of matter under study. Hence, the
energy corresponding to sub-vacuum quantum fluctuations is now called "sub-vacuum
energy": sub-vacuum energy= negative energy. Further investigation into this technical
issue showed that violations of the energy conditions are widespread for all forms of
both "reasonable" classical and quantum matter [12-16]. Furthermore, Visser [9)
showed that all (generic) spacetime geometries violate all the energy conditions. So
the condition that PE> Pi and/or PE~ 0 must be obeyed by all forms of matter in nature
is spurious. Negative energy has been produced in the laboratory and th is wil l be
discussed in the follow ing sections.

Examples of Negative (Sub-Vacuum) Energy Found in Nature

    The exotic (energy condition- violating) fields that are known to occur in nature are :
     1. Static, radially-dependent electric or magnetic fields. These are borderline exotic,
        if their tension were infinitesimally larger, for a given energy density [10, 17].
     2. Squeezed quantum vacuum states: electromagnetic and other (non - Maxwellian)
        quantum fields [8, 18].
     3. Gravitationally squeezed electromagnetic vacuum fluctuations [19).
     4. Casimir effect, i.e., the Casimir vacuum in flat, curved, and topological spaces
        [20 -28).
     5. Other quantum fields/states/effects. In general, the local energy density in
        quantum field theory can be negative due to quantum coherence effects [3].
        Other examples that have been stud ied are Dirac field states: the superposition
        of two single particle electron states and the superposition of two multi-electron­
        positron states [29, 30]. In the former (latter), the energy densities can be
        negative when two single (multi-) particle states have the same number of


* Planck's reduced constant, TJ "' 1.055 x 10-34 J.s.


4
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI&IAL 1:1!11! Oflt I
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /EAR AfifilCIAk Wlili 9PtLY

       electrons (electrons and positrons) or when one state has one more electron
       (electron-positron pa ir) than the other.

Cosmological inflation [9], cosmologica l particle production [9], classical scalar fields
[9], the conformal anomaly [9], and gravitational vacuum polarization [12-15] are
among many other examples that also violate the energy conditions. Since the laws of
quantum field theory place no strong restrictions on negative energies and fluxes, then
it might be possible to produce exotic phenomena such as faster-than- light travel [31-
33], traversable wormholes [8, 9, 34], violations of the second law of thermodynamics
[35, 36], and time machines [9, 34, 37]. There are several other exotic phenomena
made possible by the effects of negative energy, but they lie outside the scope of this
report. In what follows, we consider only items 2 and 4 in the previous list for the
purpose of this report due to their ready applicability and technical maturity. We will
not examine the other items in the list because they are theoretical curiosities that
remain under study by investigators.

Basic Notions of the Quantum Field Theory of Light
Before going further, it will be helpful to briefly outline the basic notions and
terminology of the quantum field theory of light (i.e., quantum optics) because the
content of this report focuses on those aspects.

Classically, light is electromagnetic radiation that can be pictured as waves flowing
through space at the speed of light, c (= 3.0 x 10 8 m/s). The waves are not waves of
anything substantive, but are in fact ripples in the state of a field. These waves carry
energy, and each wave has a specific direction, frequency and polarization state. This
is called a "propagating mode of the electromagnetic field." A simple model for th is is
the electromagnetic oscillator. One complex-valued vector function u(x,t) called a
spatial-temporal mode comprises all classical wave aspects including polarization. The
sim plest example of a spatial-temporal mode is a plane wave
u(x,t) = u0 exp[i(kx-wt)] of polarization vector uo, angular frequency co, and wave
vector k (definition: k 2 =u}/c2 ), where i is the unit complex number, and x is the
space coord inate and tis the time coordinate .

This mode defines a framework in space and time that may be excited by the quantum
field "light." The mode function quantifies the strength of one excitation in space and
time. Also, the mode function obeys the laws of classical waves given by Maxwell's
equations of electrodynamics. The choice of u(x,t) is made by the observer. The
observer singles out one mode, one quantum object from the rest of the world to make
a specific observation or measurement. This object turns out to be a harmonic
oscillator described by the ann ihilation operator a. A useful tool for modeling the
propagating mode of the electromagnetic field in quantum mechanics is the ideal
quantum mechanical harmonic oscillator: a hypothetical charged mass on a perfect
spring oscillating back and forth under the action of the spring's restoring force. The
         a
operator stands for the quantized amplitude with which u(x,t) can be excited. In
classical optics it would be just a complex number a of magnitude lal and phase
arg(a) . The quantized amplitude a is neither predetermined nor given by the observer


5
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIICL tl.!l!! 9HLY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFl&IAk le:ISE 8Hk¥

but depends on the state of u(x,t). This state exists even if literally nothing is in the
mode chosen by the observer. In this case, the light is just in the vacuum state. §
However, this "nothing" can indeed cause significant physical effects as will be
discussed in later sections.

To make all this more precise, we postulate that the electric field strength E of the light
field is given by E= u*(x, t)a + u(x, t)a 1 and that the amplitude operator a is a bosonic**
annihilation operator that obeys the quantum mechanical commutation relation
[a, at]=1, where u*(x, t) is the complex conjugate of u(x,t) and at is the adjoint (or
conjugate) of a called the creation operator.t t The hat symbol appearing over
quantities denotes that they are quantum operators (or observables). Another key
element of quantum-oscillator physics is the photon number operator fi, which
accounts for the number of photons (quantized light particles) in the chosen u(x,t) and
is given by the quantum mechanical counterpart of a classical modulus-squared
amplitude: n= a t cz.

Let us now introduce a pair of operators, q and p, called quadratures. They are
defined as q = 2- 112 (at+      a) and jJ = i2- at - a) , which can be inverted to provide the
                                                   I12 (


additional useful definitions a= T 112 ( q+ ip) and at =T I12 ( q- ip). In optics q and jJ
correspond to the in -phase and the out-of-phase component of the electric field
amplitude of u(x,t) (with respect to a reference phase). The bosonic commutation
relation demonstrates that q and /J are canonically conjugate observables, [ q,p] = ih.
The quadratures q and p can be regarded as the position and the momentum of the
quantum electromagnetic oscillator. They do not appear in real space but in the phase
space spanned by the complex vibrational amplitude a of the quantum electromagnetic
oscillator, and they have nothing to do with the position and the momentum of a
photon. However, the canon ical commutation relation entitles us to treat q and p as
perfect examples of position- and momentum-like quantities in quantum optics. Finally,
we express the photon number operator                 n
                                             in terms of the quadratures q and p and
obtain, using the bosonic commutation relation, the standard Hamiltonian (or total
energy) of the quantum harmonic ( electromagnetic) oscillator with unit mass and
frequency:

                                               "     - "     1
                                              H ose= n+2

                                                                                                               (1)


§ Here we always mean by " vacuum" simply "no light" and not an evacuated system.
•· Boson or bosonic refers to quantum particles that have integer quantum spin .
., In quantum mechanics, the vacuum is defined to be a state of no (or zero) particles and is denoted by the
quantum state eigenvector   I0) . By definition a "annihilates" the vacuum state: aI0) = 0 .

6
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFIGIAk lel&E 8Ptk\S
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ OPPICIAL YSIE 8Htlf

where the first and second terms in the second line are the kinetic and potential
energies of the oscillator, respectively. The additional 1/2 appearing in the first line of
Eq. (1) is called the vacuum zero-point energy for the reason to be explained in the
next section . The first line of Eq. (1) is more common ly expressed in units of energy
(Joules) in quantum mechanics, which is obtained simply by multiplying the right-hand
side by the photon energy nw so that H ose = hw     (ii +½).
It is beyond the scope of this report to elaborate further on the entire subject of the
quantum optics. The reader should consult Reference [38] for more information.

Basic Notions on the Origin of the Quantum Vacuum Zero-Point Fluctuations
Here we discuss the basic notions of the quantum vacuum zero-point fluctuations
(ZPF), which is an important feature in quantum optics. The orig in of the ZPF is
attributed to the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. According to this principle, q and
pare any two conjugate observables that we are interested in measuring, and they
obey the commutation relation already shown in the previous section. Their
corresponding uncertainty relation is !1q!1p?:. h/2, where !1q is the variance (a.k.a.
uncertainty) of observable q and !1p is that of the conjugate observable p. This
relation states that if one measures observable q with very high precision (i.e., its
uncertainty !1q is very small), then a simultaneous measurement of observable p will
be less precise (i.e., its uncertainty !1p is very large), and vice versa . In other words,
it is not possible to simultaneously measure two conjugate observable quantities with
infinite precision.

This minimum uncertainty is not due to any correctable flaws in measurement, but
rather reflects the intrinsic fuzziness in the quantum nature of energy and matter.
Substantial theoretical and experimental work has shown that in many quantum
systems the limits to measurement precision is imposed by the quantum vacuum ZPF
embodied within the uncertainty principle. Nowadays we rather see the Heisenberg
Uncertainty Principle as a necessary consequence, and therefore, a derived result of the
wave nature of quantum phenomena. The uncertainties are just a consequence of the
Fourier nature of conjugate pairs of quantities (observables). For example, the two
Fourier-wave-conjugates time and frequency become the pair of quantum-particle
conjugates time and energy and the two Fourier-wave-conjugates displacement and
wave number become the pair of quantum-particle conjugates position and momentum.

The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle dictates that a quantized electromagnetic
oscillator (a.k.a. a photon state) can never come entirely to rest, since that would be a
state of exactly zero energy, which is forbidden by the commutation relation given in
the previous section. Instead, every mode of the field has liw/2 as its average minimum
energy in the vacuum, and this is called the zero-point energy (ZPE) .** This ZPE term
is added to the classical blackbody spectral radiation energy density p(w)dro [i.e., the
energy per unit volume of radiation in the frequency interval (ro,w + dro)] [25]:


*" hw is the energy of a single mode (or photon).


7
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOA QFFI&IAL YSE!! 9HL I
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICl"L tJ.!l!!! 8HL¥


                      p(ro)dro = - oi [ - - -  hro - - + -hco ] dco
                                 rc 2 c3 exp(hco/ k 8 T) - 1 2
                                                                                      (2)
                                        3
                               = - hro-2 3 coth ( -
                                 2n c
                                                     J
                                                   hro
                                                     - dro,
                                                  2k8 T

where kp, is Boltzmann's constant ( 1. 3807 x 10- 23 J/K) and Tis the absolute
temperature. The factor outside the square brackets in the first line of Eq. (2) is the
density of mode (or photon) states (i.e., the number of states per unit frequency
interval per unit volume); the first term inside the square brackets is the standard
Planck blackbody radi ation energy per mode; and the second term inside the square
brackets is the quantum zero-point energy per mode. Equation (2) is called the Zero­
Point Planck (ZPP) spectral radiation energy density. Planck first added the ZPE term to
the classical blackbody spectral radiation energy density in 1912, although it was
Einstein, Hopf, and Stern who actually recognized the physical significance of th is term
in 1913 [25]. Direct spectroscopic evidence for the reality of ZPE was provided by
Mulliken's boron monoxide spectral band experiments in 1924, several months before
Heisenberg first derived the ZPE for a harmonic oscillator from his new quantum matrix
mechanics theory [39].

Following this line of reasoni ng, quantum physics predicts that all of space must be
filled with quantum electromagnetic ZPF creating a universal sea of zero-point energy.
The other quantum forces of nature also have their own vacuum ZPF which contributes
to the universal sea of zero-point energy. But that is beyond the scope of this report.

Negative (Sub-Vacuum) Energy in Squeezed Light
Substantial theoretical and experimental work has shown that in many quantum
systems the limits to measurement precision imposed by the quantum vacuum ZPF can
be breached by decreasing the noise in one observable (or measurable quantity) at the
expense of increasing the noise in the conjugate observable; at the same time the
variations in the first observable, say the energy, are reduced below the ZPF such that
the energy becomes "negative." "Squeezing" is t hus the control of quantum
fluctuations and corresponding uncertainties, whereby one can squeeze/reduce the
variance of one (physically important) observable quantity provided the variance in the
(physically unimportant) conjugate variab le is stretched/increased. The squeezed
quantity possesses an unusually low variance, meaning less variance than would be
expected on the basis of the equipartition theorem . One can in principle exploit
quantum squeezing to extract energy from one place in the ordinary vacuum at the
expense of accumulating excess energy elsewhere [8].

The squeezed state of the electromagnetic field is a primary example of a quantum fie ld
that has negative energy density and negative energy flux. Such a state became a
physical reality in the laboratory as a result of the nonlinear-optics techn ique of
"squeezing," i.e., of moving some of the quantum-fluctuations of laser light out of the


8
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFI&iIAL YSIE 8HLY
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFI@IAL 1::191!! 8HLY


cos[w(t- z!c )] part of the beam and into the sin[w(t- z!c)] part [18, 40-44].§§ The
observable that gets squeezed will have its fluctuations reduced below the vacuum ZPF.

The act of squeezing transforms the phase space circular noise profile characteristic of
the vacuum into an ellipse, whose semimajor and semiminor axes are given by unequal
quadrature uncertainties (of the quantized electromagnetic oscillator operators). This
applies to coherent states in general, and the usual vacuum is also a coherent state
with eigenvalue zero. As th is ellipse rotates about the origin with angular frequency w,
these unequal quadrature uncertainties manifest themselves in the electromagnetic
field oscillator energy by periodic occurrences, which are separated by one quarter
cycle, of both smaller and larger fl uctuations compared to the unsqueezed vacuum .

We digress momentarily by noting that coherent states, also called Glauber states, are
the eigenstates of the annihilation operator a:

                                                   ala) =ala),                            (3)


which have well-defined amplitudes lal and phases arg(a) (recall the discussion in Sect.
IIB-1). They are called coherent states because light fields in these states are perfectly
coherent, and hig h-qual ity lasers generate such fields. This is an important reason why
high-q uality laser light is an excellent tool for experimental quantum optics. Coherent
states come as close as quantum mechanics allows to wave-like states of the
electromagnetic oscillator. Because the wave aspects of light are commonly regarded
as classical, coherent states are often called classical states. Furthermore, fields in
statistical mixtures of coherent states (such as thermal fields) are classical as well,
whereas any state that cannot be understood as an ensemble of coherent states is
called nonclassica/. The experimental generation and application of nonclassical light
fields is the main subject of t his report. Despite much recent progress, producing
nonclassica l states of light is still extremely challenging because they are easily
destroyed (reduced to classical) by any kind of losses. Furthermore, it turns out that
the vacuum is a coherent state as well because it satisfies Eq. (3) for a= 0. In other
words, the vacuum is a zero-am plitude coherent state. With a little algebra we see
directly from Eq. (3) that the mean (i.e., quantum expectation value of the) energy of a
coherent state with unit frequency is


                                            \Ha)= (alata + ½la)
                                                                                          (4)
                                                     =lal2 +½-
Equation ( 4) is the sum of the classical wave intensity lal 2 and the vacuum zero-point
energy 1/2. One simply multiplies the rig ht-hand side of Eq. ( 4) by liw to put   (Ha)
into units of energy.


§§   z denotes the z-axis direction of beam propagation.


9
                         UNCLASSIFIED/; PO" OPPICIICL U.!! OHL I'
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /EAR AfifilEIAk WSE er•tv

Morris and Thorne [8] and Caves [ 45] point out that if one squeezes the vacuum, i.e., if
one puts vacuum rather than laser light into the input port of a squeezing device, then
one gets at the output an electromagnetic field with weaker fluctuations and thus less
energy density than the vacuum at locations where cos 2[ co(t- z/c)] ~ l and

sin 2 [ co( t- z/c)] < < 1; but with greater fluctuations and thus greater energy density
than the vacuum at locations where cos 2[ co(t-z/c)] << 1 and sin 2 [ co(t - z/c)]~1.
Since the vacuum is defined to have vanishing energy density, any region with less
energy density than the vacuum actually has a negative (renormalized) expectation
value for the energy density. Therefore, a squeezed vacuum state consists of a
traveling electromagnetic wave that oscillates back and forth between negative energy
density and positive energy density, but has positive time-averaged energy density.

In quantum optics the squeezed state is generated by the unitary squeezing operator :


                                                                                            (5)


       s
where is a rea l number that parameterizes the deviation of the variances !),,q and !),,p
from their vacuum values and is called the squeezing parameter. From Eq. (5) we
obtain the squeezed vacuum state lcp) = S(~) IO). The squeezing operator S(~) is simply
an evolution operator that describes the result of the nonlinear squeezing interaction
Hamiltonian H im = x( b*a2 - bat2 ). The squeezing parameter~ contains the product of
the amplitude b, the coupling constant X, and the interaction time.

But this is not the entire story . Since we will be dealing with high-quality lasers in what
follows, we also need to know about another important quantum optics operator that
acts on coherent states. We introduce the unitary displacement operator
 D(a)=exp(aa: -a· a). D(a) displaces the amplitude a by the complex number a
according to b\a)aD(a)=a + a. To show why D(a) has anything to do with coherent
states, we apply a negative displacement to la). From the basic property of D(a), we
see that

                        abc-a) la) = D(-a)Dt(-a)GD(-a) la)

                                     = be- a) ( a- a) Ia)                                   (6)
                                     = 0.

Equation (6) equals zero because of the definition Eq. (3) of coherent states. This
result implies that D(-a)la) = I0), which is the vacuum state. Therefore, coherent
states Ja) are displaced vacua la) = D(a) J0). This does not mean that coherent states


10
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ i PO" OPPICIICL U.!! OHL I'
                           UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFIEJIAL YSI!! f>Ht'I"

are physically similar to vacuum states, but instead they have only some quantum
noise properties in common. It is a well known result in the quantum field theory of
light that the vacuum wave function is a simple Gaussian function of the quadratures
(in either q or jJ representation), and thus coherent states are also Gaussian [38].
Furthermore, a proof of Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle in conjunction with the
application of S(~) and D(a) on the quadrature variances and wave functions showed
that all minimum uncertainty states are displaced Gaussian states such that they have
displaced rescaled vacuum wave functions. Consequently, all minimum uncertainty
states are displaced squeezed vacua [18, 38]:

                                                I\jf) = fJ ca) scs) Io) .                (7)


The squeezing interaction Hi"' is realized by the degenerate parametric amplification of
the spatial-temporal mode. A crystal such as potassium titanyl phosphate (KTP) or
lithium niobate (LiNbQ3) is pumped by another laser beam with amplitude band twice
the frequency of the spatial-temporal mode (with amplitude a) of interest. According to
H ;m , the "B" photons (corresponding to b) of the pump beam are converted into pairs

of "A" signal photons (corresponding to a.2 and a,t2 ) with a probability that depends on
the coupling constant X· The KTP or LiNb03 crystal acts like an electromagnetic swing,
and the pump modulates the oscillation of the "A" mode at twice its frequency. The
pump amplifies the signal parametrically much as a swing is amplified by changing the
effective length at twice the frequency of the swing. A classical swing relies on tiny
initial fluctuations (or "wobbles") that are in-phase with respect to the parametric
pump. In this way, the tiny fluctuations are amplified; the swing starts to oscillate. A
quantum swing like the degenerate parametric amplifier experiences at least the
vacuum fluctuations from the very beg inning. Vacuum fluctuations that are in-phase
with respect to the pump are amplified, whereas out-of-phase fluctuations get de­
amplified or, in other words, squeezed.

A squeezed vacuum requires a pump for generation, and, hence, when produced it
carries energy. The nonlinear crystal KTP or LiNb03 is a resonator that is shaped like a
cylinder with rounded silvered ends to reflect light. This resonator acts to produce a
secondary lower frequency light beam in which the pattern of photons is rearranged
into pairs. The squeezed light emerging from the resonator will contain pulses of
negative energy interspersed with pulses of positive energy. To quantify the amount of
squeezing energy we 1) apply S(~) to the quadratures and find that it scales their
eigenfunctions; *** 2) we then substitute for a its quadrature decomposition (given in
Sect. IIB-1) and substitute that result into the scaled quadratures; and then 3) do
further algebra to derive how S(~) changes a: stcs)aS(s) =Gcoshs - atsinhs. We
substitute this last result into Eq. (1) and use Eq. (7) to calculate the quantum
expectation value in order to express the mean energy of a squeezed state, and obtain


, .. i.e .,   q gets squeezed and p gets stretched .

11
                           UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL H.!l! 8PU:.lf
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI@IAL l:191! t>flt I


                                                                                                   (8)


Equation (8) really describes the mean photon number of a single mode in a squeezed
state, but one simply multiplies the right-hand side by /iro to get the mean energy
(Asqvac )   = hw(la.1 2 + ½+sinh 2 ~ )- We see in Eq. (8) that there are three terms
contributing to the energy: the first term accounts for the coherent energy given by
lal2 , the second term is the vacuum zero-point energy 1/2, and the third term
quantifies the fluctuation energy of squeezed states. The contribution to this squeezing
energy originally comes from the pump used to generate the squeezed light. It is
stored in the enhanced fluctuations of the anti-squeezed component. Because both the
squeezed and the anti-squeezed quadratures contribute to the second line in Eq. (1),
even a squeezed vacuum carries energy.

However, Eq. (8) is not the final result because it only gives the mean energy of a
sin gle mode in a squeezed state, while lasers and nonlinear crystal resonators produce
a very large number of modes. Equation (8) needs to be summed (integrated) over the
infinite number of possible modes; it must then be "renormalized" by sophisticated
mathematical techniques in order to get rid of the divergent (infinite) contribution from
the vacuum zero-point energy (a byproduct of taking an infinite sum of modes); and
then the result must be converted into units of energy density by dividing it by an
appropriate volume element, because Einstein's general theory of relativity requires an
energy density (or pressure, both are in the same units) to induce spacetime bending.
The final result we seek is the energy density, P E-sqvac , given by Pfenning [ 46]:


            Pe.sq= =(   21,co) sinh c; [sinh c; + coshi:; cos ( 2ro (t - z/c) +8)]   (J / m 3) ,   (9)


where L 3 is the volume of a large box with sides of length L (i.e., we put the quantum
field in a box with periodic boundary conditions) and 8 is the phase of squeezing.
Equation (9) shows that PE-sqvac falls below zero once every cycle when the condition
cosh~ > sinh~ is met. It turns out that this is always true for every nonzero va lu e of ; ,
so PE-sqvac becomes negative at some point in the cycle for a general squeezed vacuum
state. See Figure 1 for an illustration. Note in the figure that the blue troughs or
valleys are the negative energy pulses. On another note, when a quantum state is
close to a squeezed vacuum state, there wi ll almost always be some negative energy
densities present.

Another way to generate negative energy via squeezed light would be to manufacture
extremely reliable light pulses containing precisely one, two, three, etc., photons apiece
and combine them together to create squeezed states to order. Superimposing many
such states could theoretically produce bursts of intense negative energy. Photonic
crystal research has already demonstrated the feasibility of using photonic crystal
waveguides (mixing together the classical and quantum properties of optical materials)
to engineer light sources that produce beams containing precisely one, two, three, etc.,
photons. See Reference [1] for more details and for the references cited therein.


12
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOtt 8Ffl@IAL Y§E 8,.LY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR QFFl&IAL l:ISI!!! 8flt I


          ENERGY                        SQUEEZED STATE
          DENSITY


           0                                                                POSITION


         Figure 1. Illustration of a Squeezed State of Light. (courtesy of Lisa Burnett)


Negative (Sub-Vacuum) Energy in the Casimir Effect
The Casim ir effect originates from the quantum electromagnetic vacuum ZPF. It is by
far the easiest and most well known way to generate (static) negative energy in the
lab. The Casimir effect that is famil iar to most people is the force that is associated
with the quantum vacuum electromagnetic ZPF [47]. This is an attractive force that
must exist between any two neutral (uncharged), parallel, flat, conducting surfaces
(e.g ., metallic plates) in a vacuum. This force has been well measured and it can be
attributed to a minute imbalance in the vacuum electromagnetic ZPE density inside the
cavity between the conducting surfaces versus the vacuum electromagnetic ZPE density
in the free -space region outside of the cavity [ 48- 50]. See Figu re 2 fo r a schematic of
the Casimir effect.


13
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR QFFl&IAL l:ISI! 8flt I
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICUtt H.!l! er~tv


                                  Casimir
                                  plates                          Vacuum
                                                                fluctuations
                                  Figure 2. Schematic of the Casimir Effect.

It turns out that there are many different types of Casimir effects found in quantum
field theory [20-22, 26-28, 51]. For example, if one introduces a single infinite plane
conductor into the Minkowski (flat spacetime) vacuum by bringing it adiabatically from
infinity so that whatever quantum fields are present suffer no excitation but remain in
their ground states, then the vacuum (electromagnetic) stresses induced by the
presence of the infinite plane conductor produces a Casimir effect. This result holds
equally well when two parallel plane conductors (with separation distance d) are
present, which gives rise to the familiar Casimir effect inside a cavity. Note that in both
cases, the spacetime manifold is made incomplete by the introduction of the plane
conductor boundary condition(s). The vacuum region put under stress by the presence
of the plane conductor(s) is called the Casimir vacuum. The generic expression for the
energy density of the Casimir effect is PCE = - Ahcd -4 , where A= C,(D)/8rr-2 in
spacetimes of arbitrary dimension O [20-22]. The appearance of the zeta-function (,(D)
is cha racteristic of expressions for vacuum stress-energy tensors, T.J:i~ . t t t I n our
familiar 4-dimensional spacetime (0 = 4) we have that A = rc 2 /720. To calculate T_J:i~
for a given quantum field is to calculate its associated Casimir effect.

We should also point out that the methods used to obtain the quantum vacuum
electromagnetic T;~~ between parallel plane conductors can also be used when the
conductors are not parallel but are joined together along a line of intersection. If the
conductors have curved surfaces instead, then one obtains results that are similar to
the case of intersecting conductors . These geometries have also been evaluated for the


ttt The Greek tensor indices (µ, v = 0... 3) denote spacetime coordinates,   >l'... x 3 , such t hat xt...x 3 = space
coord inates and x 0 "' time coordinate . Note in general that T00 = p E (field energy density).


14
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'FOR OFFI&I.t..k W&li OPtk\S
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FAA QFFl&IAL l:191! 614[1

case of dielectric media. These particular cases will not be considered further since
there are technical subtleties involved that complicate the calculations and application
of the different approaches.

As a final note, negative energy can be created by a single moving reflecting
(conducting) surface (a.k.a. a moving mirror) via the dynamical Casimir effect. A
mirror moving with increasing acceleration generates a flux of negative energy that
emanates from its surface and flows out into the space ahead of the mirror [23, 52].
This is essentially the simple case of an infinite plane conductor undergoing acceleration
perpendicular to its surface. If the acceleration varies with time, the conductor will
generally emit or absorb photons (i.e., exchange energy with the vacuum), even
though it is neutral. This is an example of the well-known quantum phenomenon of
parametric excitation. The parameters of the quantum electromagnetic oscillators
(e.g., their frequency distribution function) change with time owing to the acceleration
of the mirror [53]. However, this effect is known to be exceedingly small, and it is not
the most effective way to produce negative energy for our purposes. We will not
consider this scheme any further.

QUANTUM OPTICAL HOMODVNE TOMOGRAPHY
Observing Negative Energy in the Lab

Negative energy should be observable in lab experiments. A generic, non-optical
scheme for detecting negative energy in experiments was recently reported by Davies
and Ottewill [54] who studied the response of switched particle detectors to static
negative energy densities and negative energy fluxes. Their model is based on a free
(massless) scalar field in flat 4- dimensional Minkowski spacetime and utilized a simple
generalization of the standard monopole detector, which is switched on and off to
concentrate the measurements on periods of isolated negative energy density (or
negative energy flux). The detector model includes an explicit switching factor whereby
five different switching functions (based on data windowing theory) are defined and
evaluated.

In order to isolate the effects of negative energy, a comparison is made for the
response of a detector switched on and off during a period of negative energy density
(or negative energy flux) and that switched on and off in the vacuum. The results shed
light on the response of matter (detectors) to pulses of negative energy of finite
duration, and they showed that negative energy should have the effect of enhancing
de-excitation (i.e., induce cooling) of the detector. This is the opposite of our
experience with detectors that undergo excitation when encountering "normal" matter
or energy, and isolated detectors placed in a vacuum naturally cool due to the usual
thermodynamic reasons. But Davies and Ottewill point out that the enhanced cooling
effect they discovered cannot be used to draw a thermodynamic conclusion because
their modeling was restricted to first order in perturbation theory. It is not possible at
first order to determine whether the enhanced cooling effects are due to the small
violation of energy conservation expected in any process in which a general quantum
state collapses to an energy eigenstate, or whether they predict a systematic reduction
in the energy of the detector which has serious thermodynamic implications. However,
Davies and Ottewill point out that their results are model dependent and they found for
their standard monopole detector model that there is not always a simple relationship

15
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fl61t 6flfllelslct l:l!lfI 8,.LY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR QFFI€ilAL l::l!H! 61\LI

between the strength of the negative energy density/flux and the behavior of the
detector.

It is curious that Davies and Ottewill did not consider using quantum optical homodyne
tomography as a tool to test their hypothesis, because this is already a mature
experimental discipline. In what follows we outline the basics of quantum optical
homodyne tomography and its application to detecting and measuring negative energy
density/flux states in squeezed light and in the Casimir effect.

Basic Notions of Quantum Optical Homodyne Tomography

Tomography, from the Greek word for slice, is a method to infer the shape of a hidden
object from its shadows (or projections) under various angles. Quantum tomography is
the application of this idea to quantum mechanics. In optical homodyne tomography,
the Wigner function or, more generally, the quantum state plays the role of the hidden
object. The observable "quantum shadows" are the quadrature distributions and are
measured using homodyne detection. From these distributions the Wigner function is
reconstructed. See Figure 3 for an illustration of quantum optical homodyne
tomography. The vertical 2-dimensional plane seen in the figure is fictitious and is
shown for illustrative purposes only.


Figure 3. Illustration of Quantum Optical Homodyne Tomography (courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt) .
The Wigner function (3-dimensional hill on the right) is reconstructed in quantum phase space
(gridded plane formed by quadratures q and p) from its experimentally measured projections (curve in
vertical 2-dimensional plane), which represents the scanning process of tomography. The vertical axis
is the magnitude of the Wigner (quasiprobability) function.


Quantum tomography was developed for the simple reason that a fundamental feature
of quantum mechanics prevents us from seeing physical objects in their full quantum
complexity. This is due to the intrinsic fuzziness in the quantum nature of energy and
matter according to the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, which prevents us from
simultaneously and precisely measuring the complementary features (e.g., position and
momentum or energy and time) comprising quantum states. For this reason we cannot


16
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ ;<fQA QFFl&l.t..k YSE 8,.L'&'
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OFFICIAL tJ.!I!! 6HL'f

directly observe quantum states, and so the true nature of an individual quantum
system is hidden. However, no principal obstacle exists to observing all complementary
aspects in a series of distinct experiments on identically prepared quantum objects.

In the sections that follow, we briefly review the several parts that comprise the
tomography machinery, and then put the whole picture together to understand what
the entire process is. No effort will be made for completeness because the subject of
quantum tomography takes up volumes of books. The reader will be referred to the
key literature of importance.

Wigner Functions
In classical optics the state of an electromagnetic oscillator is perfectly described by the
statistics of the classical amplitude a. The amplitude may be completely fixed (then
the field is coherent), or a may fluctuate (then the field is partially coherent or
incoherent). In classical optics as well as in classical mechanics, we can characterize
the statistics of the complex amplitude a or, equivalently, the statistics of the
component position q and momentum p by introducing a phase space distribution called
the Wigner function, W(q,p). "*" W(q,p) quantifies the probability of finding a particular
pair of q and p values in their simultaneous measurement. Knowing W(q,p) for a
particular quantum state that is under study, all statistical quantities of the
electromagnetic oscillator can be predicted by calculation. In this sense W(q,p)
describes the state in classical physics. The motivation for introducing the Wigner
function was the desire to find a quantum mechanical description similar to that in
classical statistical physics. However, in quantum mechanics Heisenberg's Uncertainty
Principle prevents one from observing position and momentum simultaneously and
precisely. In addition to this, we also cannot directly observe quantum states either.
Nevertheless, we are perfectly entitled to use the concept of quantum states as if they
were existing entities. We use their properties to predict the statistics of observations.

It is well known that the quantum mechanical wave function depends exclusively on
either the position or the momentum and contains nevertheless a// the information
about the quantum system under study. However, E. Wigner showed that it is possible
to define a formal quantum mechanical analog to the classical distribution function. He
showed that we could use W(q,p) as a quantum phase space distribution exclusively to
calculate observables in a classical-like fashion. Wigner discovered that W(q,p) is a
real-valued function, but it is usually not just positive; it can also become negative.
This is a very nonclassical behavior for a probability distribution. It is for this reason
that W(q,p) came to be called a quasiprobability distribution.

W(q,p) has several properties and mathematical postulates, but it turns out that just
one postulate is sufficient for t he purposes of quantum tomography [38). Using this
postulate, it is assumed that W(q,p) behaves like a joint probability distribution for q
and p without ever mentioning any simultaneous observation of position and
momentum. The reduced, or marginal, distributions J: W(q, p)dp or J: W(q, p)dq


*" Recall in Sect. IIB- 1 that the real and the imaginary parts of the complex amplitude o. can be regarded as the
position and the momentum of the electromagnetic oscillator.


17
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ ifOR Offlf:!IAL Y.!I!! er•t I
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI\ OPPICIJIIL YSIE 8Hllf

must give the position or the momentum distribution, respectively. Furthermore, if one
performs a phase shift 8 all complex amplitudes a are shifted in phase, §§§ meaning that
the components q and p rotate in the 2-dimensional phase space (q,p). A classical
probability distribution for position and momentum values would rotate accordingly.
This fact leads to the postulate that the position probability distribution pr(q,8) after an
arbitrary phase sh ift 8 should be [38]

                        pr(q,0) = (qJOce)p 0\ e)J q)
                                                                                                              (10)
                                    = f: w( qcos0-psin0,qsin0+pcos0)dp,
where p is the quantum density operator (or density matrix) which describes the
statistical (or most general) state of a quantum system. The first line in Eq. (10) is the
quantum expectation value of the phase-shifted p, which simply gives the probability
distribution for the q-eigenstates to occu r with probabilities p q (the elements of p).
This single formula joins W(q,p) with quantum mechanics. It ties W(q,p ) to observable
quantities, and it links quantum states to observations .

It is beyond the scope of this report to repeat the entire mathematical development of
the explicit functional representations, identities, transformations and modifications of
W(q,p). The reader should consult Reference [38] for more information. However,
Figures 4 through 7 provide an example of what the experimentally reconstructed
Wigner function visually looks like from the quantum optical homodyne tomography of
the following cases of interest: a vacuum state, a coherent state, a squeezed vacuum
state, a single photon, and Schrtidinger cat states. The Schrtidinger cat states are a
very interesting case study of unusual nonclassical states of light that have been
experimentally measured via quantum optical homodyne tomography.


§§§                                        U(0) = exp(- i0ii), where ii is the photon number operator and e is the
      The unitary phase shifting operator is

phase shift angle . Its action on the amplitude a is: u \ 8)11U(8) = 11e.>.p(- i0) .


18
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 0661CIAk W&IE 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFl@lsllt U.!I! 014Li


     Figure 4. Wigner Function for a Vacuum (top) and for a Coherent State (bottom). This
     clearly shows that coherent states are just "displaced vacua " (Sect. IIB-3). Optical homodyne
     tomography was used to reconstruct the Wigner functions from experimental data (courtesy of Ulf
     Leonhardt).


19
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL U.!I! 9HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFl@IAL Y!H! 8HL'I


                                    0       50       100      150      200
                                                  Time rmsl

     Figure S. Wigner Function of a Squeezed Vacuum. Wigner function (top) and quadrature
     fluctuations (bottom) . This shows the experimentally reconstructed Wigner function of a
     significantly squeezed vacuum generated by parametric amplification (Sect. IIB-3). The noise
     trace (bottom) shows a part of the experimental data used to reconstruct the depicted Wigner
     function via optical homodyne tomography (courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt).


20
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ i POlt OPPlelJcL Y.!l!! 8HLY
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8ffl@IJ!tt U.!I! 014Li


                  0.1
                    0
                  -0.l
                   -0.2 .
                    -0.3 .
                            -.... ......"--...
                               -2            ·,,                                                                       p
                                                     -......__
                                                     -/ ,,"-....
                                                                   o~   .....
                                                             q                  ----
                                                                                  1~
                                                                                            -....
                                                                                             2 .....___


                    0.1
                        0


                  _-:.·: l
                  -0.3        -~------
                            ·-"- ... ____.__,.__
                                -2               1      ~..,____
                                                                 =-=- ---·~- -         "~                 ....
                                                                                                                 ........ ~
                                                                                                          - - - -·-
                                                                                                                              ....
                                                 •        0 -, -"? - - - - - - -
                                                         p

     Figure 6. Wigner Function of a Single Photon. The figure shows the experimentally
     reconstructed Wigner function as seen from above (top) and from below (bottom).
     Negative "probabilities" are clearly visible near the origin of the phase space, which demonstrates
     the nonclassical aspect of photons (courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt).


21
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /POlt OPPl@IJ!tt li!lf! 8HLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /PO" orr1e1J11t l:l!H! e .. tv


                                                            ----------
                                                                      ----------
                                                                                       ---------

                  0.2

                     0

                   -0.2

                             -4 '-----                                                      q

                                    - ~----
                                               0 ,.______

                                          /J

                                                            -----             4

                                                                      -------------------
                                                                                           -----


                    -0.2\
                            '--..
                                                                                            q
                            -5 -------~
                                  -2.5
                                               0
                                          p                   2.   s"'-...._____
                                                                               .....
                                                                               5
     Figure 7. Quantum Tomography of Schrodinger-Cat States. Top : q 0 = 3. Two separated
     coherent amplitudes (peaks) are clearly visible. Bottom: qo = 4. The larger the separation of the
     amplitudes, the more rapid is the oscillation in t he quantum interference structure between the
     t wo peaks. Negat ive probabil ities appear within the quantum inte rference st ructure. The
     experimental data used to reconstruct the depicted Wigner functions was provided by A. Furusawa
     and H. Yonezawa , University of Tokyo.


We digress for the moment to explain what Schrodinger cat states are . Schrodinger's
cat is a famous illustration of the principle of superposition in quantum theory that was
proposed as a thought experiment by Erwin Schrod inger in 1935 . Schrodinger's cat

22
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOtt 8ffl@IAL Y§E 8,.LY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICiltt tJ.!l! f>HLY

serves to demonstrate the apparent conflict of what quantum theory tells us is true
about the nature and behavior of matter on the quantum (atomic or subatomic) level
compared with what we actually observe to be true about the nature and behavior of
matter on the macroscopic level.

Schrodinger's thought experiment is as follows: One places a living cat into a steel
chamber along with a device containing a vial of hydrocyanic acid. There is also a very
small amount of a radioactive substance inside the chamber. If even a single atom of
the substance decays during the test period, then a relay mechanism will trip a
hammer, which will in turn break the vial and kill the cat.

The observer cannot know whether or not an atom of the radioactive substance has
decayed, and consequently, cannot know whether the vial has been broken, the
hydrocyanic acid released, and the cat killed. Since one cannot know, the cat is both
dead and alive in a superposition of quantum states according to the quantum
superposition principle. It is only when one breaks open the box and learns the
condition of the cat that the superposition is lost, and the cat becomes either dead or
alive. This situation is sometimes called quantum indeterminacy or the observer's
paradox: the act of observation or measurement itself affects the outcome, so that the
outcome as such does not exist unless, and until, the measurement is made. (That is,
there is no single outcome unless it is observed.)

According to the fundamental superposition principle of quantum mechanics, we are
entitled to think of quantum superpositions of coherent states. These are states that
contain simultaneously two coherent components (or states), one pointing in one
direction in phase space and the other pointing in another direction. We label the
former component the "alive-cat" state and the latter component the "dead-cat state."
The position wave function '¥ of such a state would be the superposition of two
coherent state (Gaussian) wave functions [38]:


                                                                                    (11)


The normalization factor has been omitted in Eq. (11) because it is not important here.
Equation (11) shows that'¥ has two peaks, one at +qo (alive-cat state) and the other at
- qo (dead-cat state) according to the superimposed coherent amplitudes. Also, Eq.
(11) has nothing to do with optical interference. When two fields interfere, their
amplitude may be enhanced or canceled, producing, for example, coherent states of
enhanced or zero amplitude (vacuum). The quantum superposition shown in Eq. (11)
still contains both coherent amplitudes ±qo. It is also much different from an
incoherent superposition of ±qo, where the field has either the amplitude +qo or the
amplitude -qo with certain probabilities. The quadrature amplitude of'¥ is +qo as well
as -qo (simultaneously!), with a resolution given by the vacuum fluctuations.

This strange behavior of'¥ being simultaneously at +qo and - qo turns out to be the best
representation of Schrodinger's famous thought experiment in the quantum field theory
of light. Schrodinger cat states are difficult to observe in the optical domain because


23
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /PO" OFFIClltt tJ.!l! Oflt I
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ j FOR OFFICiltt tJ.!l! 8HLY

they are extremely vulnerable to quantum decoherence. Quantum decoherence is
caused by linear losses, and it is the main reason why the extremely strange quantum
phenomena allowed in quantum t heory are very difficult to observe in practice.
However, the good news is that investigators have successfully controlled or
suppressed quantum decoherence to such a high degree that Schrodinger cat states
were experimentally observed and measured using optical homodyne tomography [55,
56]. Figure 7 shows the experimentally reconstructed Wigner functions for two
Schrodinger cat states that have different amplitude values ±qo. The observed peaks at
±qo seen in the figure are of small magnitude, so investigators euphemistically call
these "Schrodinger kitten states." As seen in the figure, the interference structure
halfway between the peaks displays the quantum superposition of both amplitudes,
showing rapid oscillations with a frequency given by the distance 2lqol of the
superimposed amplitudes. Also seen in the figure is that the two reconstructed Wigner
functions become negative (i.e., negative "probabilities"), indicating the nonclassical
behavior of Schrodinger cat/kitten states.

Beam Splitters
A very important device that is used to demonstrate the quantum nature of light is the
simple optical beam splitter. A large number of strange quantum effects have been
experimentally observed by splitting or recombining photons using a small cube of
glass. The beam splitter also serves as a theoretical model for other linear optical
devices such as interferometers, semitransparent mirrors, dielectric interfaces, wave­
guide couplers, and polarizers. The beam splitter model can also be used to account for
the effect of absorption, mode mismatch, and other linear losses.

An ideal beam splitter is a reversible, lossless device in which two incident beams of
light may interfere to produce two emerging beams [38]. For example, a dielectric
interface inside a cube or plate of glass splits a light beam into two. This situation may
be reversed by sending the two beams back to the cube (or plate) where they interfere
constructively to restore the original beam. However, if the phases of the two beams
are changed, then their mutual interference generates two emerging beams in general.
So four beams might be involved, two incident lig ht modes and two outgoing light
modes, and the splitting of just one beam is a special case. Therefore, the most
general theoretical beam splitter model is a four-port device, which is simply a "black
box " with two input and two output ports having certain mathematical and physical
properties [38). See Figure 8 for a schematic of an ideal lossless four-port beam
splitter.

The beam splitter is quantum mechanically described by a simple unitary
transformation operator (or matrix), based on an analog transformation matrix in
classical optics,**** which mathematically transforms the two input light modes into the
two output light modes. This operator is unitary, which reflects the fact that a lossless
beam splitter conserves energy and that the total light mode intensity at cii + ai a2 is an
invariant quantity. Since the incoming and the outgoing light modes are both
independent boson ic modes, their annihilation operators must satisfy the follow ing

·•·• In classical optics, the components of the transformation matrix of a real beam splitter are simply the
transmissivity and reflectivity, which account for the transmission and reflection probabilities of photons passing
through the glass cube or plate.


24
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ {FOR OFFICIO ls Ulilii 8PU:¥
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI': orr1c11tt U.!I! Oflt I


boson ic commutation relations: [a;' a:,;]        =   [    a, 'a,;,] 81 and [a;' a:,,]
                                                                   =   Ill               =   [   al 'a,,.] = 0 /
where 6c111 (= l if   e= m and 0 if t ":/: m) is the Kronecker delta and the indices (t , m) are
integers [38].

A beam splitter is a four-port device not only in the case of two incoming light modes
interfering to produce two emerging light modes; a beam splitter is always a four-port
device. Even if only one beam is split into two beams, if literally nothing behind the
semitransparent mirror is interfering with the incident beam, quantum mechanically this
nothing means a vacuum state. The very possibility that the second light mode behind
the mirror might be excited makes a difference. The vacuum fluctuations carried by the
empty mode (and entering the apparatus via the so-called unused input port of the
beam splitter) do cause physical effects. Therefore, the vacuum fluctuations entering
the second (unused) input port of the beam splitter must always be assigned a formal
mode operator, a2, in order for the system to      conserve energy, 2) obey the beam
                                                             1 )


splitter's aforementioned bosonic commutation relations and 3) guarantee that the two
outgoing beams are independent bosonic light modes.


                                                      first input
                                                      a1


                                                                             second output
                                                                                  A/
                                                                                  a2

                      second input
                      a2


                                      first output
                                             A/
                                             al

             Figure 8. Schematic of an Ideal Lossless Beam Splitter. Two
             incident spatial-temporal light modes (with the annihilation operators a 1
             and a2) interfere optically to produce two emerging light modes (with
             the annihi lation operatorsa;   and a; ) (courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt).


In Figure 9 we illustrate the effect of vacuum fluctuations for the case of a fictitious
beam splitter, which is a model for describing linear absorption or, equivalently,


25
                      UNCLASSIFIED)) FOR orrtClltt U.!I! OHL¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /POI': OPPIClltt U.!I! Oflt I

                                     a
detection losses. The input signal is attenuated and, simultaneously, contaminated
by the vacuum fluctuations entering the second (unused) input port of the fictitious
beam splitter. The absorber acts like a fictitious beam splitter, and when light is
attenuated it can be imagined as being split into a transmitted part and an absorbed
part. On the other hand, we know from the fluctuation-dissipation theorem that losses
are always accompanied by fluctuations [57]. At least the vacuum fluctuations of the
absorbing medium must be taken into account. In the simple absorber model, these
fluctuations come into play via the second (unused) input port of the fictitious beam
splitter as shown in Figure 9. The annihilation operator a of the partially absorbed
(input signal) mode is transformed by the fictitious beam spl itter according to
                   a,,
a,' =ri'12 a+(l - riY' 2 where the factor 17 (0 < 17 s; 1) reduces the intensity of any initial
coherent state [a) to lri l/2a) after undergoing partial absorption,    a' is the output signal
mode that goes to the detector (which counts the number of photons it absorbs,
fi' = £,,'t cl), and d2 is the mode operator of the vacuum fluctuations entering the second
(unused) input port of the fictitious beam splitter. The second term (l - ri/ 2 a2 in a' is
essential to guarantee that the attenuated light field remains a proper bosonic mode,
otherwise energy conservation and the aforementioned bosonic commutation relations
would be violated.

Finally, we note without further elaboration that the mode operators, quadrature wave
functions, and Wigner functions are all rotated through some angle under the action of
a beam splitter. And the Wigner function of a signal is smoothed during absorption
under the action of a fictitious beam splitter. This provides additional models to
develop the properties of other types of optical instruments and understand their
behavior on incoming light modes (or input signals).

                                            signal
                                            a


                     ---)----                                    absorption
                     vacuum
                     a2


                                     detector

                     Figure 9. Illustration of a Fictitious Beam Splitter.
                     ( courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt)


26
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /POK OPPICIAL OSI! 014[1
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL 03E 014L I

Photodiodes
Most photodetectors apply a version of the photoelectric effect to operate in which
incident light radiation ionizes a piece of photosensitive material in the detector and
produces freely moving electrons, i.e., an electric current is created that can be
amplified and hand led by electronic means. A commonly used type of detector is the
linear-response photodiode. In most cases, the photosensitive part of the detector is a
P-1-N structure, a sandwich of Positively doped, Intrinsic, and Negatively doped
semiconductor material. Commonly, silicon (Si) or indium gallium arsenide (lnGaAs)
are used where Si detects light out to a 1 µm wavelength and InGaAs operates in the
range 0.19 µm to 2.6 µm. A bias voltage of about 10 Volts is applied to drain the
majority carriers (electrons in N and holes in P) out of the intrinsic zone. In this
depletion region an unstable situation is created for the minority carriers. As soon as
electron-hole pairs are present in the intrinsic zone, the bias voltage produces a current
that is proportional to the number of carriers. Electrons in the valence band are lifted
into the conduction band by the absorption of light radiation, i.e., the absorption of a
single photon lifts one electron into the conduction band, which creates electron-hole
pairs in the depletion zone. This process can be made highly efficient because the
applied voltage is very low so that no avalanche of charge carriers into the conduction
band (via collisions) is formed. The current response of the detector is linear in the
intensity of the detected light. However, thermal fluctuations cause Nyquist noise in
the photocurrent. Thermal effects also create electron-hole pairs in the depletion zone
thus producing dark current, which is electronic noise. Because of this electronic noise,
linear-response photodiodes do not reach single-photon resolution. They are suitable
for relatively high intensities, greater than about 100 photons per microsecond.

There are inefficiencies and noise associated with realistic photodetection. A convenient
model to understand the effect these have on experiments is provided by imagining a
fictitious beam splitter placed in front of an ideal detector. See Figure 9. Only the
transmitted photons are counted, so t hat the transmissivity of the fictitious beam
splitter corresponds to the detection efficiency. Dissipation is always accompanied by
fluctuations. These degrade the quantum noise properties of the detected light. The
fluctuations are modeled by a vacuum entering the unused port of the fictitious beam
splitter. This analysis shows how the nonclassical features of light are lost when the
detectors are inefficient.

Balanced Homodyne Detection
Under idealized conditions the photon number is measured in direct photodetection.
However, another method of detection exists, in which the light field amplitudes (the
quadrature components) are measured instead of the quantized light intensity.
Intensity (photon number) and field amplitude (quadrature) are distinct quantities.
There is no simple relationship between the photon statistics and the quadrature
distributions in the quantum regime, but the two are shown to be related via the
mathematics and procedures of quantum state sampling [38]. Furthermore, the field
amplitudes contain phase information, and so they are dependent on phase.


27
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA &FFI@IAL U.!E ONE I
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FPl€1J!tt U.!I! l>NL I


Quadrature components q0 are definedtttt with respect to a certain reference phase 8
that ca n be varied experimentally.

The principle scheme of a balanced homodyne detect or is depicted in Figure 10. The
signal interferes with a coherent laser beam at a well - balanced 50 : 50 beam splitter.
The laser light field is called the local oscillator {LO), and it provides t he phase
reference 8 for the quadrature measurement. It is assumed that the signal and the LO
have a fixed phase relation , as is the case in most experiments applying homodyne
detection , because both fi elds are ultimately generated by a common master laser. The
LO should be intense with respect to the signal for providing a precise phase reference.
It is also assumed that the LO is powe rfu l enough to be treated classically, i.e., we
totally neglect the quantum fluctuations of the LO. After the optical mixing of the signal
with the LO, each emerging beam is directed to a linear-response photod iode. The
photocurrents Ii and h are measured, electron ically processed, and finally subtracted
from each other. The difference current h 1 = h - / 1 is the quantity of interest because
it contains the interference term of the LO and the signal. It is assumed for simpl icity
that the measured photocu rrents Ti and h are propo rtional to the photon numbers ii 1
and n2 of the beams striking each detector, which are given by ,'i 1 = a;ta; and

Yli =ll~ta~ in terms of the mode operators a; =T (a- aw) and a~ = T (a +aw) of
                                                                      112                       112


the fields emerg ing from the beam sp litter [38] . Here a denotes the annihilation
operator of the signa l and aw is the comp lex amp litude of the LO .

The difference current hi is proportional t o the difference photon number (assum ing
perfect quantum efficiency) ii 21 = ii 2- ii 1 = a ~0             a+ a w at , where a~ is the complex
conjugate of aw. The phase of the LO is 0, and so we note from the definit ion of q0
that the measured quantity hi is indeed proportional to q0 because n21 =2' 12 la wl q9 ,
which is a resu lt that has been verified by more sophisticated theories of homodyne
detection [38 ). A balanced homodyne detector measures q0 . The reference phase 0 is
provided by the LO and can be varied by adjusting the LO using a piezo-electrically
movable mirror, for example. An experimental method for find ing the scaling of q0 in
the difference current hi is to keep a record of the sum current because the sum of ft
and h is proportional to la w l2 to leading order [38]. Th is can be experimentally
important because the intensit y of the LO is usually an unknown quantity.


tm   We note th at phase shifting rotates th e quad rat ures, q0 = (;t (0) q U (0) = qcos0 + psin0 and

Pe= rJt(0) p U(0) = -qsin0 + pcos0 , via the quad rature decomposition defi ned in Sect. IIB- 1 and t he phase
shifting property of th e annihi lation operator defi ned in Sect. IIIB-1.


28
                        UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFPICIAL 091! er•t t
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /P91t 9Ffl@IAL l:ISIE 8HLY


     signal


                                                detector

                                 local
                                 oscillator
                                 (aLO)

                  Figure 10. Schematic of a Balanced Homodyne
                  Detector. (courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt)

Furthermore, the balanced homodyne detector is also an amplifier. The LO amplifies
the signal by the mutual optical mixing of the two. In other words, the homodyne
detector is an interferometer that can be measurably imbalanced by a single photon in
the signal mode because the reference field is very intense. A very important technical
advantage of this is that the amplified signal is well above the electronic noise floor of
the photodiodes. The signal amplitude is enhanced so that even the noisy linear­
response photodiodes can detect the quantum features of the signal with single photon
resolution. Because the LO serves as a coherent amplifier, it also chooses the signal
mode. The LO singles out one spatial-temporal (bosonic) mode from the rest of the
contin uous quantum field "light" (that matches the LO field). In this way the observer
separates the quantum object (a single optical mode) from the rest of the world. The
mode function is given by the spatial-temporal shape of the LO beam at the detector
surface and during the measurement time interval [0, T]. The overall phase and
intensity of the LO is comprised in the complex amplitude ULO. Shifting the phase 0 =
arg(aLO ) rotates the measured q0 . The observer defines via the LO the frame in space
and time that is subject to the field-quadrature measurement. By tailoring the shape of
the LO beam high spatial-temporal resolution can be achieved.

Photodetection is usually not completely efficient in practice so it is important to
describe the influence of inefficiencies on homodyne detection. This is easily done by
using the simple model for losses in direct photodetection that was given in Section
IIIB-2. We imagine fictitious beam splitters to be placed in front of the two (assumed
ideal) detectors in the measurement setup (see Figure 11). We use


29
                 UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL tJ.!! 9HLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 055ICIAl 1481!! er•t I


a'=rt\1 + (l - ri) a from Section IIIB-2 to define the annihilation operators of the
                 1' 2
                        2

          .                 , ,,     1/ 2 • 1    1/ 2 -    - ·   1/ 2 • 1       1/ 2 -    -
detected light modes a 1 = ri a 1 +(1- ri) b 1 and a 2 =ri a 2 +(1 - ri) b2 , where b, and

b2 are the annihilation operators of the vacua entering the second unused ports of the
fictitious beam sp litters. The ann ihilation operators a; and a~ describe the light modes
(or fields) emerg ing from the 50:50 beam splitter where the signal is optically mixed
with the LO. Again, the LO is an intense field compared with the signal so it can be
treated classically. Therefore, we do some algebra to compute the difference photon
number ii 2 1 = n; - n7 =   a;ta; - a7t
                                 a7 , but retain on ly the lead ing terms with respect to
a w , and obtain the final result [38]:


                                                                                              (12)


The symbol H C in Eq . (12) denotes the Hermitian conjugate of the other part of an
                 b                 b -b
expression and = i- 112 ( 2 1) . The fluctuat ion mode operator             b
                                                                   corresponds to the

optical mixing of the fictit ious vacuum -noise modes b1 and b2, and it obeys the bosonic

commutation relation [ b,          b'] = 1 (e.g., see Sect. 111B-2). Because the interference of
vacuum with vacuum yields vacuum, the fluctuation mode b can be regarded as a
bosonic mode, being in the vacuum st ate as well.


30
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI@IAl YSfI or•t'&'
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICl"L U.!I! er•tY


          detector


                            vacuum


                                          I vacuum
                                         "V ~
                                          I b1
     signal

     a
                                                     detector

                       local
                       oscillator
                       (aw)
                 Figure 11. Balanced Homodyne Detector Using Fictitious
                 Beam Splitters to Account for Detection Losses. (courtesy
                 of Ulf Leonhardt)

Equation (12) provides an additional model for detection losses. Similar to direct
photon counting, a fictitious vacuum field has to be added to the attenuated signal in
homodyne detection. This means that we can replace the arrangement of two fictitious
beam splitters in front of the photodetectors with just one effective beam splitter in
front of an ideal homodyne detector (see Figure 12). This effective beam splitter
accounts for other kinds of losses including mode mismatch, whereby the quantum
effects of both detection losses and mode mismatch are comprised in an effective TJ.


31
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFI@IAL li!II! er•t I
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /PO" OPPICIJ!tt l:191! OHL'f


                                   detector


                           I vacuum
                          'Y.
                            Ib
              signal

             a                       a'
                                                                  detector

                                                local
                                                oscillator
                                                (aLO)

              Figure 12. Balanced Homodyne Detector Using A Single Effective
              Fictitious Beam Splitter to Account for Detection Losses and
              Mode Mismatch. (courtesy of Ulf Leonhardt)

The consequence of an effective 17 and Eq. {12) is that the marginal distributions
pr(q,0) must become a function of the effective 17 [38]:


where the pr(x,0 ) inside the integral is defined by Eq. (10) and x is a dummy
integration variable. Equation (13) defines the measured quadrature histograms that
are used to build the transmission profiles in the tomographic process, which is
discussed in the follow ing section.

Outline of Experimental Procedure

The key process of quantum tomography is to picture the "shape" of a quantum object
in phase space using the Wigner representation. The marginal distributions [Eq. (10)
or (13) ] correspond to the tomographic transmission profiles of the Wigner function
W(q,p ), i.e., to shadows projected onto a line in quantum phase space. Because of the
Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, we cannot measure simultaneously and precisely the
position q and the momentum p, and we cannot observe the Wigner function directly as
a probability distribution. However, we can measure the quadrature histograms [i.e.,
the first line in Eq. (10)], and by varying the phase 0 we observe the quantum object
under different angles. Given the pr(q ,0), the mathematics of computerized
tomography can be applied to deduce the Wigner function.

32
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFI&:iI.t.l:: Y81!! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'FOR OFFl@IAL YSE OHL¥

As discussed in the previous subsection, we can use balanced homodyne detection to
precisely measure the quadratures q0 of a spatial-temporal mode. As was also
discussed in the previous subsection, the angle 0 is defined by the phase of the local
oscillator with respect to the signal. The phase 0 can be varied using a piezo-electric
translator. To measure the quadrature distributions, one may fix 0 and perform a
series of homodyne measurements at this particular phase to build up a quadrature
histogram. Then the LO phase should be changed in order to repeat the procedure at a
new phase, and so on. Another possibility is to monitor the phase while it drifts or to
sweep it in a known way. In any case, the homodyne measurement must be repeated
many t imes on identically prepared lig ht modes (or on a continuous wave field) to gain
sufficient statistical information about the quadrature values at a certain number of
reference phases. Finally, the Wigner function is tomographically reconstructed from
the experimental data.

It is beyond the scope of this report to summarize the entire subject of experimental
quantum tomography, its mathematical basis and procedures of quantum state
sampling, and the corresponding algorithms and numerica l recipes. The reader should
see Reference [58] for the excruciating details.

Balanced homodyne detectors with local oscillators are amplifiers capable of detecting
and quantifying vacuum and sub-vacuum fluctuations. This is the subject of the two
experimental approaches that will be discussed in the next section.

BALANCED HOMODYNE SYSTEMS FOR MEASURING
NEGATIVE (SUB-VACUUM) ENERGY
Time-Domain Balanced Homodyne System

Squeezed states of light, which are "darker than vacuum," have regions with sub­
vacuum fluctuations. Slusher and collaborators [40, 41] and Robinson [42, 43] were
the first to experimentally observe these sub-vacuum regions. Numerous other
experiments followed, which employed variations on the experimental devices and
techniques used to generate squeezed light and measure its sub- vacuum fluctuation
pulses. Those early experimental devices later gave way to the development and use
of balanced homodyne detectors.

For example, Schneider et al. [59] describe their compact and efficient source of
amplitude-squeezed light. Their experiment used a semi-monolithic degenerate
MgO: LiNbQ3 optical parametric amplifier pumped by a frequency-doubled Nd :YAG laser
at 532 nm. They employed injection-seeding of the amplifier by a 1064 nm wave to
provide active stabilization of the cavity length and stable operation. At a pump power
of 380 mW, their device detected a maximum noise reduction of 6.5 dB in the
amplitude fluctuations of the 0.2 mW 1064 nm wave, while the average detected noise
reduct ion in continuous operation over 14 minutes was 6.2 dB. They reported a
squeezing of 7.2 dB in the emitted wave.

However, most of these early and more recent ser ies of balanced homodyne detector
(BHD) measurements have been performed in the frequency domain. A significant


33
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fl01t OPPlelAL YSE OHLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR AEEICIAk W&li 8,.L1/

drawback of this approach is that it reveals information about the quantum state only
within the sideband chosen for the measurement. Therefore, the method is
incompatible with other techniques for characterizing a quantum state for which such
precise selection of spectral modes is impossible. Time-domain BHD resolves th is
limitation. Hansen et al. [4] describe their experimental time-domain BHD device.
They developed a pulsed BHD for precise measurement of the electric field quadratures
of pulsed optical quantum states. A high level of common mode suppression(> 85 dB)
and low electronic noise (730 electrons per pulse) in their device provides a signal-to­
noise ratio of 14 dB for measurement of the quantum noise of individual pulses. Their
device achieved a signal-to-noise ratio of 14 dB at a pulse repetition rate of up to 1 MHz,
enabling high-accuracy quantum measurements to be carried out in a short time. They
performed a quantum tomography of the coherent state as a test for their device, and
the Wigner function and density matrix were reconstructed with 99.5% fidelity while
their detector exhibited 91 % quantum efficiency. Their detection system can also be
used for ultrasensitive balanced detection in continuous wave mode. Figure 13 shows a
schematic of their time-domain BHD. The figure shows two polarizing beam splitter
(PBS) cubes, a 50:50 beam splitter (BS), two half-wave plates (A/2), two photodiodes
(left-side in dotted box), and the signal processing electronics inside the dotted box.


                            ;-·-- -·- --·------·--- ·-- -·---·--- ·-- -· --- ·------ ··
                            I
                            I
                                                                     lo~ pass
                                                                        ilter


                                                                                      I
                                                                                      I

                                         ------------------------------------·---
        Figure 13. Time-Domain Balanced Homodyne Detector. (courtesy of P. Lodahl)

As we discussed previously in Sections IIIB-4 and IIIB-5, to perform BHD one overlaps
on a beam splitter the electromagnetic wave whose quantum state is to be measured
and a relatively strong LO wave in the matching optical mode. The two fields emerg in g
from the beam splitter are incident upon two high efficiency photodiodes whose output
photocurrents are subtracted. The photocurrent difference is proportional to the value
of the electric field operator   E0 in the signal mode, where 8 is the relative optica l
phase of the signal and the LO. In traditional frequency-domain BHD, one uses a
certain frequency component of the difference signal to determine the quadrature
quantum noise of the optical state. The measurement frequency is normally chosen to
be approximately 5 to 10 MHz where the technical noise is minimized. Figure 14 shows
an example of experimentally measured data for a typical (undisturbed) vacuum state
and a squeezed vacuum state using a time-domain BHD system.


34
                  UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL U.!r:: er•t'
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR &FFl&IAk l:ISE &HkV


          Figure 14. Experimentally Measured Squeezed State. (courtesy of P.
          Marecki) This graph of vacuum dB noise vs . relative optical phase angle shows
          an experimentally measured squeezed state (plot (I)) and a normal
          (undisturbed) vacuum state (plot (II)). The deep valleys with negative dB
          values in plot (I) are sub-vacuum regions with sub-vacuum (negative) energy
          density (see also, Figure 1 for a comparison) .

When applied to pulsed sources, the frequency-domain BHD techn ique implies that
averaging over many individual laser pulses takes place. However, in time-doma in BHD,
each laser pu lse generates a signal that is observed in real time and yields a single
value of a field quadrature. Repeated measurements of a large number of laser pulses
produce a quantum probability distribution associated with th is quadrature . When
transform-limited LO pulses are used, time-domain BHD gives the complete information
about the quantum state in the spatial-temporal mode that matches that of the LO.

Hansen et al. [4] point out that time-domain BHD is technically challenging, because 1)
the electronics must ensure time resolution of individual laser pu lses and 2) the
measured quadrature values must not be influenced by low-frequency noise. The
detector must provide ultralow noise, high subtraction, and a flat amplification profile in
the entire frequency range from DC to at least the LO pulse repetition rate. See
Reference [4] for a comp lete description of their device as shown in Figure 13.


35
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOA OFFIGIAk l:ISE 8HLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 0551CIAk l::181: 8HLY


Balanced Homodyne System for Casimir Cavities

What has not been experimentally measured yet are the sub -vacuum fluctuations and
their (negative) energy density inside a Casimir cavity. Marecki (5, 6] theoretically
eva luated the use of BHDs for this purpose. He proposed that a BHD can be used to
detect and spat ially map the sub-vacuum fluctuation region inside a Casim ir cavity as
well as measure its negative energy density spectrum. Marecki discovered that by
exploiting a trick with the subtraction of the output of balanced photodiodes, it is
possib le to quantify the fluctuations of the quantum field (even in the vacuum!), wh ich
uniquely addresses Davies and Ottewill's [54 ] negative energy detector hypothesis.

The quantity of interest (to be measured) is the fluctuations of the quantum electri c
field \ Ei(l, t)  Ei l, t) ls (for fields restricted to the frequency w of the local osci llator)
                                      ~   r
for squeezed and vacuum states, where E;{ x ,t) is the quantum electric field operator
(in ground-state representation and rest ricted in frequencies) at the point
                                                 ~       r
                                                                                                       x, t
represents the time-dependence of E;(x, t ), and ( ...) s stands fo r the expectation value
with respect to an arbitrary init ial state S (vacuum, squeezed, ground stat e, coherent,
therma l, etc.) of the quantum rad iation field under study.                   (E;(l,t)Ej(l ,t)Js is also
called a two-po int function . In quantum field theory, the expectation value (or matrix
element) computed by inserting a product of two quantum operators between two
st ates, usually the vacuum states, is called a two-point funct ion. This quantity
suggests a " relation" between two states in the same dynamics, and it expresses the
fluctuations of a quantum field. The product of n-operators is called then -point
function which expresses the higher moments of the quantum field fluctuations.

The goal of the experiment is that a state S of the quantum radiation field under study
needs to be character ized by its n-point functions. The typical solution in quantum
optics is to use well-characterized quantum systems interacting in a simple way with
the quantum rad iation field . The detection scheme uses the simple model of a PIN
junction photodiode in wh ich a single electron interacts with the quantum radiation field
under study. This simple interaction means that the state space of the electron can be
severely restricted, the interaction is assumed to be linear in the quantum field, and so
the Born approximation can be used (5, 6]. The PIN junction model of the
photodetection process is an electron in an initial state IO)@S, with its bound-state IO)
                                                     l
well-localized around a certain point x0 , that gets excited to the continuum of
scattering states I q) by the quant um field state of interest S such that the fina l states
of the system are liJ)@S.**** The excitation is caused by the linear (d ipole
approximation) interaction with the quantum electric field which is


                                                                                       I
..,, The symbol @ denotes the ten sor prod uct of two quant um eigenstates such th at a 1, a 2)   = Ia 1) © Ia2) fo r
factorized eigenstates which correspond to independent measu rements.


36
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /f8tt 8fflf!IAL Y!IIE 8HLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /POK OPPIClltt l:191! 8HL'f

 ~             .   ~   r
H dip-int =ex'® E;(x,t)      • g(t) where e is the electron charge and g(t) is a smooth test
(or smearing) function that is equal to 1 during the measurement and smoothly
vanishing elsewhere. Using first-order time -dependent perturbation theory, Marecki [S,
6] derived the probability of excitation:


               Pexc(g ,1) =    J::   dr ds g(r)g(s)GU (r-s)( Ei(i, r) E1(1,s)) s ,                (14)


                       J
where G U(r - s) = dq(Olx;(r) I~)(~ lx j (s)I0) is the electronic two-point function, rand

s are dummy time and integration variables, and                       Jdrdsg(r)g(s) is the temporal
sensitivity in the measurement process.

The balanced homodyne detector consists of an arrangement of two photodiodes,
whose outputs are subtracted, and illuminated with an auxiliary coherent state of the
rad iation field (i.e., the loca l oscil lator, LO; see Figure 15) . Per the discussion in
Section IIIB-4, the LO is used as a tool to investigate the properties of a certain state S
of the quantum radiation field under study, and so on a BHD the state Sis optically
mixed with the coherent LO state (see References [5] or [6] for further details). The
quantum field S de-balances the detector (stochastic process of measurement) . The
expectation va lue of the observable corresponding to the electronic charge collected at
the point P in Figure 15 ( i.e., the BHD current) is the difference of excitation
                                                                  r           r
probabilities of the two photodiodes [5, 6]: (1) 5 = Pexc(g,x )-P.:,Jg,y) , where positions
x and y correspond to the positions .:! and y in Figure 15. Further calculations and
other theoretical considerations lead to the following final result for (l)s [5, 6]:

(J) 5 = a e, • f:Lo . • ( E;(i, t0 ) + E;(~,t0 )   ls where   Ue/ depends on the electronic structure

of the PIN semiconductor in the photod iode, E{ 0 is the electric field of the LO
(corresponding to Fin Figure 15), to is the LO phase that can easily be varied in
                                     , r
experiments, and all field operators E;( x, t) are restricted to the frequency ro of the LO.


37
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA Qffl&I.t..k Y§E 8,.L'&'
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIO~ Uilii QptL\f


                                                            p


                                                                               I
                                         t0                                    t 0
           Figure 15. Balanced Homodyne Detector with a Local Oscillator. (courtesy of P.
           Marecki) The setup is arranged so that the electric field F of the LO at pos iti on ! has a
           reversed direction with respect to that at position y .


If (1) 5 vanishes, then the variance of the BHD-output is ( 1 2 \                  which provides a
characterization of the two-point function of the state S . The variance is [5, 6] :


                                                                                                         (15)


where .E{_0 Elo is the power of the LO field. This expression shows that ( 1 2) 5 scales
quadratically with the amplitude of the electric field of the quantum state Sunder study
and thus linearly with the power of the LO field. The two-point functions can be
quantitatively estimated by performing measurements with different powers of the LO.
Therefore, BHDs with local oscillators are amplifiers that are capable of measuring the
one- and two-point functions of arbitrary states of quantum fields ( even for the
vacuum).

For an experimenta l study of the vacuum state inside a Casimir cavity, the stationary
state is specified to be the ground state (Grd) and thus the one-po int function ( l ) S=Grd
vanishes.        For stationary states the (1 2)                  is related to the spectral density
                                                            Grd
       1    1
a;;(w ,x, y) wh ich is defined as the Fourier transform of the two-point function
(E/i.t )E,;(},t
       0            0 )\   with respect to t ime; therefore, we have for ground states [5, 6]:


                       (J -?)   Grd =                               rrl "             1
                                               £Lo )2 f d&ku( 8ir,>X, y) g (6io-- (j)) 2 ,
                                        a 2el ( .                                                        (16)


38
                      UNCLASSIFIED// fl01t OPPlelJcL Y:!H!! 9HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFIEJIAL l::ISI! 9Ht'I"


where g(ffi) is the Fourier transform of g(t) and is sharply peaked around ffi = 0. In
general, almost all results of quantum field theory in a vacuum state or under the
influence of external conditions (i.e., in vacuum states "deformed" by boundary
conditions or external fields) are derivable from the spectral density. This quantity is
usually known analytically, and it is of great interest to measure it for interesting
quantum field states.

Because the ground state is stationary, the quantum noise in the Casimir cavity is time­
independent, i.e., it is independent of the phase of the LO, and thus the spectral
density is also time-independent. Marecki [S, 6] derived the diagonal part of the
spectral density for the y-components of the quantum electric field between two
parallel, perfectly conducting plates (positioned at x = 0 and x = a) in a Casimir cavity
(see Figure 2):

                          r r     m3
                  cryy(m,x,x) = -
                                2
                                 4rc
                                     L [Q(mnL)-Q(ml 2x-nLI) ]
                                        +<X)


                                       n=-CX)
                                                                                       (17)


for y = 0, where L = 2a is twice the distance between the plates and the function Q(x) is
defined as
                                          .             .
                                Q(x) = sznx + cosx _ sznx.
                                          x     x2     x3

Note that the diagonal terms of the spectral density are the important quantities to be
measured because they will be dominant if the photodiodes are separated by a
sufficiently large distance [5, 6]. Spectral densities reveal much finer details of the
quantum ground state than already-measured Casimir forces do. By exploring the
freedom of choosing the locations of the photodiodes inside the Casimir cavity as well
as the polarizations, phases and frequencies of the LO, one can obtain a detailed
characterization of one- and two -point functions of any state S of the quantum electric
field. Therefore, an application of this particular type of BHD measurement, via
Equations (16) and (17), amounts to a tomography of the ground state of the Casimir
cavity.

For the experimental detection of the Casimir spectral density with a BHD-type device,
the Casimir cavity plates are separated by a = 1 micrometers while the photodiodes
inside it are of submicrometer width in the x-direction and submillimeter length in the
y-direction (see Figure 16). Photodiodes of several nanometers in size have already
been constructed and their high quantum efficiency versions are under development,
see Reference [60] and the references cited therein for more technical information. As
shown in Figure 16, a coherent state in the TEl mode of the Casimir cavity with a very
small wavenumber in the y-d irection provides an appropriate LO. A BHD with such a
LO and the photodiodes located as shown in Figure 17 would be sensitive only to the y­
component of the quantum electric field. Figure 18 shows a schematic of the BHD
apparatus with a LO. In the figure, the linearly polarized signal field S (if present) is
optically mixed with a coherent state (LO), which is polarized orthogonally to S, on the
polarizing beam splitter (PBSl). The half wave plate (HWP) reflects the planes of
polarization with respect to its optical axis, thereby inducing a n/4 shift of the plane of

39
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOtt OfflEJIAL l::l§E 8,.LY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA QFFI€i1Al l::ISIE 8HLY

polarization of the signa l field S. The subsequent PBS2 separates the two orthogonally
polarized signals, which are detected at the photodiodes PDx and PDy. The charge
collected at point V (corresponding to point Pin Figure 15) provides a measure of
(l)Grd (and its higher moments). Note that the setup is arranged in such a way, that if
S happened to be a monochromatic coherent state, then it would be phase-matched to
the LO at the point x, but shifted in phase by n at the pointy.

  Figure 19 displays Marecki's computer model plot of the predicted Casimir spectral
density as a function of the distance from the plates x and the frequency co. For a
comparison with quantum optics literature, he plotted the normalized difference
between the vacuum and ground state spectral density in the figure (see References [5]
and [6] for more detail). Note in the figure that for co< rec/a, the Casimir spectral
                           l  l
density vanishes: a a,.ico,x,x) = 0, while discontinuities in it appear at co = nrcc/a.
Figure 20 displays the correspond ing computer model plot by Marecki of the predicted
"suppressed" vacuum fluctuations in the ground state relative to "undisturbed" vacuum
                                                                  r r           r r
fluctuations (in absence of the plates) in dB, l0Log 10 [ crc,,i@,x, x)/crvacCco,x,x)].

                                                               1mm       y-Direction


                                              Casimir plate                            lµm
                                                                                       x-Dlrectlon


             TEl coherent field (Local Osclllator)
        Figure 16. Diagram of Casimir Cavity with BHD Photodiodes. (courtesy of P.
        Marecki)

                                                 Side view:
                1.0
        ,....., 0.8
         [    0.6
        ';;' 0 .4
             0.2
             0.0
                 -1000                -500                    o y [µm]        500            1000

        Figure 17. Experimental Setup of BHD Photodiodes and LO Field. (courtesy of P.
        Marecki) This setup is drawn on the plot of the y-component of the electric field of the
        TEl mode of the Casim ir cavity. The mode, serving as the LO, propagates in the z­
        direction perpendicular to the plot.


40
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOtt 8ffl@IAl l::ISIE 8,.l\f
               UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR. OFFICIAL 891!! Oflt I


                   LO


           s                                          s
     s
                                                                                    PDx
                                                      lo


                   PBS1                   HWP                   PBS2
     Figure 18. Detailed Schematic of Experimental BHD Apparatus. (courtesy of P.
     Marecki) Note that po int V corresponds to point Pin Figure 15.


                    0,


                                2        4        6        8       10       12
                                                                    Frequency


               Figure 19. Predicted Casimir Spectral Density O'rr
               (courtesy of P. Marecki) cryy is related to the expected output of
               a BHD with the LO polarized along the y-direction (parallel to
               the plates) for the ground state in the Casim ir cavity . Th is is
               plotted as a function of the position x e [0, a] between the
               plates (separation a = 1 µm is assumed) and the frequency w e
               [O , 4nc/a]. Negative va lues (suppression of fluct uations) are
               shown in deep purple.


41
               UNCLASSIFIED/ 1EOR OFFICIO! u&'li QNl:.?f
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL 031! er•tv


           dB

             I
           4 I\
                   \
               I
               I
           2

                                                                                  ,,._
                                                  8                         10   12
                                           ..... .....
          -2                                             ..... .....
                                                                       -J


          -4


          Figure 20. Predicted Suppression of Vacuum Fluctuations in dB. (courtesy
          of P. Marecki) Vacuum fluctuations in the ground state (for field operators
          restricted to the frequency ro ) relative to vacuum fluctuations ( in the absence of
          the plates) for a BHD at x = 0.25 ~tm (solid line) and x = 0.5 pm (dashed line)
          with in the cavity . The frequency range is ro e [0, 4rrc/a].

The predicted spectral density pattern shown in Figure 19 is static, i.e., it is
independent of the LO phase and in some regions corresponds to the suppression of
vacuum fluctuations by at least 3 dB. Such a behavior is allegedly forbidden by a
theorem known as the Quantum Inequalities for quantum fields without external
conditions (i.e., "undeformed," or "undisturbed," vacuum states). The theorem states
that regions with sub-vacuum fluctuations must be followed by regions with greatly
increased vacuum fluctuations no matter what the state of the quantum field is. This
has only been verified for single-mode squeezed light, see, e.g., Figures 1 and 14. A
major consequence of this theorem is that sub -vacuum fluctuations, and their
corresponding sub-vacuum (negative) energy density, cannot persist for long times.
What is surprising here is that Marecki (private communication, Leipzig University,
Germany, 2010) claims that the Quantum Inequalities should also apply to the case of
static sub-vacuum fluctuations, and their corresponding static sub-vacuum (negative)
energy density, inside Casimir cavities. The efficacy of the Quantum Inequalities
theorem in its application to curved spacetime physics, and more specifically faster­
than-light spacetime geometries, has been argued in the literature in which serious
theoretical shortcomings of the theorem have been identified by several investigators
(see Reference [1] for the detail s). Therefore Marecki's proposed Casimir cavity BHD
experiment provides a possible test of yet unexplored generic quantum field theoretic
effects in Casimir geometries, complementary to measurements of Casimir forces. We
hope that experimental attempts to verify his predictions will follow.


42
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOR OFFIGl.t.k W&li 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL l:191!! 6HL'f


CONCLUSION
Future aerospace platforms may have propulsion systems that modify their surrounding
spacetime geometry to implement faster-than-light spaceflight (via traversable
wormholes or warp drives) or produce levitation via antigravity. To engineer such a
modification of local spacetime requires the use of quantum sub-vacuum fluctuations
and their associated sub-vacuum ( or negative) energy density. There are two key
examples of specially prepared quantum vacuum states that are known to produce
small amounts of sub-vacuum (negative) energy density in the laboratory. These are
the well-known Casimir effect and squeezed light. There are several other examples of
special quantum vacuum states or particle states that produce sub-vacuum (negative)
energy density, but they are still under theoretical study.

We already make small amounts of sub-vacuum (negative) energy in the laboratory via
the Casimir effect and squeezed light, but we do not yet know if we can access larger
amounts for extended periods of time over extended spatial distributions. The
Quantum Inequalities theorem suggests that producing large amounts of sub-vacuum
(negative) energy in "deformed" vacuum states for extended periods of time in flat or
curved spacetimes may not be possible. This claim remains as yet untested by
experiment while several investigators have strong arguments showing the theorem is
in error in these particular cases.

Quantum optical homodyne tomography can detect and quantify the fluctuations in a
variety of ("undisturbed") vacua as well as the sub-vacuum fluctuations found in both
squeezed light and Casimir cavities. Squeezed light has time-dependent, alternating
regions of sub-vacuum fluctuations (a.k.a. two-point functions) of the quantum electric
field. Casimir geometries provide environments with non-trivial position- and
frequency-dependent, time-independent, often sub-vacuum fluctuations (two-point
functions) of the quantum electric field. Balanced homodyne detectors (BHD) with local
oscillators are amplifiers that are capable of providing detailed measurements of the
sub-vacuum fluctuations (the two- and n-point functions) of the states of the quantum
electromagnetic field.

Nearly a decade ago, Hansen et al. [4] reported on their experimental time-domain (or
pulsed) BHD device that they developed to make precise measurements of the quantum
electric field quadratures of pulsed optical quantum states (e.g., squeezed light). A
master laser produced the local oscillator for this device. The device demonstrated a
high level of common mode suppression and low electronic noise, which provided large
enough signal-to-noise ratio to measure the quantum noise of individual pulses. The
device exhibited over 90% quantum efficiency. However, their device was not designed
to directly measure the energy density of the individual pulses. We recommend that a
research and development program be implemented to modify the design and operation
of the time-domain BHD device in order provide this important data. It will be
necessary to develop and commercialize a portable time-domain BHD device for the
purpose of detecting, measuring, and spatially mapping the sub-vacuum (negative)
energy regions produced by a putative pulsed (or "AC") negative energy generator that
might be used for engineering the spacetime surrounding an aerospace platform for
propulsion purposes. A number of modified time-domain BHD devices could also be
assembled in a sensor array for surveillance and detection of any anomalous aerospace
platforms that might use engineered spacetime effects for propulsion.

43
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FAR AEEICl\k W&li 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFI@IAL 1::191!! 8HLY


What has not been experimentally measured yet are the sub-vacuum fluctuations and
their corresponding sub-vacuum (negative) energy density inside a Casimir cavity.
Casimir cavities produce static, or time-independent, sub-vacuum fluctuations and
(negative) energy density. Marecki [5, 6] proposed a modified BHD and computed the
two-point function and the associated spectral density for the ground state of the
quantum electric field in Casimir geometries, and predicted a position- and frequency­
dependent pattern of BHD responses if a device of this type is placed inside a Casimir
cavity. He discovered that by exploiting a trick with the subtraction of the output of
two balanced photodiodes, it is possible to quantify and map the sub-vacuum
fluctuations of the quantum field and its corresponding energy density inside the cavity.
His modified BHD design uses the electric field of the TEl mode of the Casimir cavity as
the local oscillator. Marecki also discovered that the sub-vacuum (negative) energy
density regions inside a Casimir cavity violate the Quantum Inequalities theorem. We
recommend that an experimental program be implemented to test Marecki's modified
BHD and his predictions for Casimir geometries. Using this device to also test the
efficacy of the Quantum Inequalities theorem is a necessary part of the proposed
experimental program. If such experiments are successful, then it will be necessary to
follow up by implementing a program to develop and commercialize a portable
"modified-Marecki BHD" device for the purpose of detecting, measuring, and spatially
mapping the sub-vacuum (negative) energy regions produced by a putative static (or
"DC") negative energy generator that would be used for engineering the spacetime
surrounding an aerospace platform for propulsion purposes. Because the Casimir effect
and its associated negative energy are incredibly feeble, such putative propulsion
systems will not involve the use of Casimir cavities to produce a free-space distribution
of negative energy surrounding the platform. Therefore, a modified-Marecki BHD will
require a high quality laser for the local oscillator and the photodiodes are allowed to be
much larger in size. A number of modified-Marecki BHD devices could also be
assembled in a sensor array for surveillance and detection of any anomalous aerospace
platforms that might use engineered spacetime effects for propulsion.


44
                 UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OPPICIJ!tt tlSI!! 8PU::lf
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR. orr1c1"t U3E 014[1


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The author would like to thank Professors Ulf Leonhardt and Piotr Marecki for
contributing their lecture notes, references, and experimental data to the contents of
this report.


45
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR: OFFI&il.t.k W&liii OP•k¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&il.t.k WIiii 8Plklf


REFERENCES
[1] Davis, E. W. (2009), "Faster-Than-Light Approaches in General Relativity," in Frontiers of Propulsion Science,
    eds . M. G. Mil lis and E. W. Davis, Progress in Astronautics & Aeronautics Series, Vol. 227, American Institute of
    Aeronautics & Astronautics Press, Reston, VA, pp. 473-509 .
[2] Davis, E.W. (2009), "Gravity Control within Newtonian and General Relativity Physics," in Frontiers of
    Propulsion Science, eds. M. G. Millis and E. W. Davis, Progress in Astronautics & Aeronautics Series, Vol. 227,
    American Institute of Aeronautics & Astronautics Press, Reston, VA, pp. 175 -227.
[3] Epstein, H., Glaser, V., and Jaffe, A. (1965) , " Nonpositivity of the Energy Density in Quantized Field Theories,"
    Nuovo Cimento, Vol. 36, pp. 1016-1022.
[4] Hansen, H., et al. (2001), "Ultrasensitive pulsed, balanced homodyne detector : application to time-domain
    quantum measurements," Optics Letters, Vol. 26, pp . 1714-1716.
[5] Marecki, P. (2008), "Balanced homodyne detectors and Casimir energy densities," Journal of Physics A:
    Mathematical and Theoretical, Vol. 41, 164037.
[6] Marecki, P. (2008), "Balanced homodyne detectors in quantum field theory," Physical Review A, Vol. 77,
    012101.
[7] Ford, L. H., and Roman, T. A. (2003), " Negative Energy, Wormholes and Warp Drive," Scientific American, Vol.
    13, pp . 84-9 1.
[8] Morris, M. S., and Thorne, K. S. (1988), "Wormho les in spacetime and their use for interstellar travel : A tool for
    teaching general relativity," American Journal of Physics, Vol. 56, pp. 395-412.
[9] Visser, M. (1995), Lorentzia n Wormholes: From Einstein to Hawking, AIP Press, New York .
[10] Hawking, S. W., and Ellis, G. F. R. (1973), The Large-Scale Structure of Spa ce -Time, Cambridge Univ. Press,
      Cambridge, UK, 1973, pp. 88-91, 95-96 .
[11] Visser, M. (1990), " Wormho les, baby universes, and causality, " Physical Review D, Vol. 41, pp . 1116-1124.
(12 ] Visser, M. (1996), " Gravitationa l vacuum polarization. I. Energy conditions in the Hartle -H awking vacuum,"
      Physical Review D, Vol. 54, pp . 5103- 5115 .
(13] Visser, M. (1996), " Gravitationa l vacuum polarization. II . Energy conditions in the Boulware vacuum, " Physical
      Review D, Vol. 54, pp. 5116-5122 .
[14] Visser, M. (1996), "Gravitationa l vacuum polarization. III. Energy conditions in the (1 +1 ) -dimensional
      Schwarzschild spacetime," Physical Review D, Vol. 54, pp. 5123-5128.
(15] Visser, M. (1997) , " Gravitationa l vacuum polarization. IV. Energy conditions in the Unruh vacuum," Physical
      Review D, Vol. 56, pp . 936-952 .
[16] Barcelo, C., and Visser, M. (2002), "Twi light for the energy conditions?," International Journal of Modern
      Physics D, Vol. 11, pp . 1553-1560.
[17] Herrma nn, F. (1989 ), "Energy Density and Stress: A New Approach to Teaching Electromagnetism," American
      Journal of Physics, Vol . 57, pp . 707-714.
(18] Drummond, P. D., and Ficek, Z., eds . (2004), Quantum Squeezing, Springer-Verlag, Berlin .
(19] Hochberg, D., and Kephart, T. W. (1991), "Lorentzian wormholes from the gravitationally squeezed vacuum, "
      Physics Letters B, Vol. 268, pp . 377-383 .
[20] DeWitt, B. S. (1975), "Quantum Field Theory in Curved Spacetime," Physics Reports, Vol . 19C, pp. 295 -357 .
(21 ] DeWitt, B. S. (1979), "Quantum gravity: the new synthesis," General Relativity: An Einstein Centenary
      Survey, edited by S. W. Hawking and W. Israel, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, UK, pp. 680- 745 .
[22] DeWitt, B. S. (1989), "The Casimir Effect in Field Theory," Physics in the Making, Essays on Developments in
      20'11 Century Physics, In Honour of H. B. G. Casimir, edited by A. Sarlemijn and J. Sparnaay, North-Holland
      Elsevier Science Publ., New York, pp. 247-272.
(23] Birrell, N. D., and Davies, P. C. W. (1984), Quantum fields in curved space, Cambridge Univ. Press,
      Cambridge, UK.
[24] Saunders, S., and Brown, H. R., eds. (1991), The Philosophy of Vacuum, Clarendon Press, Oxford.
[25] Milonni, P. W. (1994), The Quantum Vacuum : An Introduction to Quantum Electrodynamics, Academic Press,
      New York, Chapters 1, 2, and 8.
(26] Milton, K. A. (2001), The Casimir Effect: Physical Manifestations of Zero-Point Energy, World Scientific, New
      Jersey.
(27] Mostepanenko, V. M., and Trunov, N. N. (2007), The Casimir Effect and its Applications, Oxford University
      Press, Oxford.
(28] Bordag, M., et al. (2009), Advances in the Casimir Effect, Oxford University Press, Oxford .
(29] Vollick, D. N. (1998), " Negative energy density states for the Dirac field in flat spacetime," Physical Review D,
      Vol. 57, pp . 3484-3488 .
(30) Yu, H., and Shu, W. (2003), "Quantum states with negative energy density in the Dirac field and quantum
      inequalities," Physics Letters B, Vol. 570, pp . 123-128.
(31] Alcubierre, M. (1994), "The warp drive : hyper-fast travel within general relativity," Classical and Quantum
      Gravity, Vol. 11, pp . L73 -L77 .
[32] Olum, K. D. (1998), "Superluminal Travel Requires Negative Energies," Physical Review Letters, Vol. 81, pp.
      3567-3570 .
(33 ] Gao, S., and Wald, R. M. (2000), "Theorems on gravitational t ime delay and related issues," Classical and
      Quantum Gravity, Vol. 17, pp. 4999-5008 .

46
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&il.t.k WIiii OP.klf
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FPl@IJ!tt U.!I! l>NL I

[34) Morris, M. S., Thorne, K. S., and Yurtsever, U. (1988), "Wormholes, time machines, and the weak energy
     conditions," Physical Review Letters, Vol. 61, pp. 1446-1449.
[35) Ford, L. H. (1978), "Quantum coherence effects and the second law of thermodynamics," Proceedings of the
     Royal Society of London. Series A, Mathematical and Physical Sciences, Vol. 364, pp . 227 -236.
[36) Davies, P. C. W. (1982), "Can moving mirrors violate the second law of thermodynamics?," Physics Letters B,
     Vol. 11, p. 215 .
[37) Everett, A. E. (1996), "Warp drive and causality," Physical Review D, Vol. 53, pp. 7365-7368.
[38) Gerry, C. C., and Knight, P. L. (2005), Introductory Quantum Optics, Cambridge University Press, New York.
[39) Mulliken, R. S. (1924), "The Band Spectrum of Boron Monoxide," Nature, Vol. 114, p. 349 .
[40) Slusher, R. E., et al. (1985), "Observation of Squeezed States Generated by Four-Wave Mixing in an Optical
     Cavity," Physical Review Letters, Vol. 55, pp . 2409-2412.
[41) Slusher, R. E., and Yurke, B. (1986), "Squeezed Light," Scientific American, Vol. 254, pp . 50-56.
[42) Robinson, A. L. (1985), "Bel l Labs Generates Squeezed Light," Science, Vol. 230, pp . 927-929.
[43) Robinson, A. L. (1986), "Now Four Laboratories Have Squeezed Light," Science, Vol. 233, pp . 280-281.
[44) Saleh, B. E. A., and Teich, M. C. (1991), Fundamentals of Photonics, Wiley Series in Pure and Applied Optics,
     John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, pp . 414-416.
[45) Caves, C. M. (1981), "Quantum-mechanical noise in an inte rferometer," Physical Review D, Vol. 23, pp. 1693-
     1708.
[46) Pfenning, M. J. (1998), "Quantum Inequality Restrictions on Negative Energy Densities in Curved Spacetimes,"
     Ph.D. Dissertation, Dept. of Physics and Astronomy, Tufts Univ., Medford, MA.
[47) Casimir, H.B. G., "On the Attraction Between Two Perfectly Conducting Plates," Proc. Kon . Ned. Akad.
     Wetensch., Vol. 51, 1948, pp . 793-796 .
[48) Lamoreaux, S. K., "Demonstration of the Casimir Force in the 0.6 to 6 µm Range," Physical Review Letters,
     Vol. 78, 1997, pp . 5-8 .
[49) Mohideen, U., "Precision Measurement of the Casimir Force from 0 .1 to 0.9 r1m," Physical Review Letters, Vol.
     81, 1998, pp . 4549-4552.
[50) Chen, F., et al., "Theory confronts experiment in the Casimir force measurements: Quantification of errors and
     precision, " Physical Review A, Vol. 69, 2004, 022117.
[51) Brown, L. S., and Maclay, G. J., "Vacuum Stress between Conducting Plates : An Image Solution," Physical
     Review, Vol. 184, 1969, pp . 1272-1279.
[52) Walker, W. R., "Negative energy fluxes and moving mirrors in curved space," Classical and Quantum Gravity,
     Vol. 2, 1985, pp. L37- L40 .
[53) Moore, G. T., "Quantum Theory of the Electromagnetic Field in a Variable-Length One-Dimensional Cavity,"
     Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 11, 1970, pp. 2679-2691.
[54) Davies, P. C. W., and Ottewill, A. C., "Detection of negative energy : 4-dimensional examples," Physical Review
     D, Vol. 65, 2002, 104014.
[55] Neergaard-Nielsen, J. S., et al. (2006), "Generation of a Superposition of Odd Photon Number States for
     Quantum Information Networks," Physical Review Letters, Vol. 97, 083604.
[56) Ourjoumtsev, A., et al. (2006), "Generating Optical Schrodinger Kittens for Quantum Information Processing,"
     Science, Vol. 312, pp . 83-86 .
[57) Mandel, L., and Wolf, E. ( 1995), Optical Coherence and Quantum Optics, Cambridge University Press,
     Cambridge, UK, Section 17 .2.
(58) Leonhardt, U. (1997), Measuring the Quantum State of Light, Cambridge Studies in Modern Optics, Cambridge
     University Press, Cambridge, UK, pp. 98-143.
[59) Schneider, K., et al. (1998), "Generation of strongly squeezed continuous-wave light at 1064 nm," Optics
     Express, Vol. 2, Issue 3, pp. 59-64.
[60) Collin, S., Pardo, F., and Pelouard, J. - L. (2003), "Resonant-cavity-enhanced subwavelength metal
      semiconductor-metal photodetector," Applied Physics Letters, Vol. 83, pp. 1521-1523.


47
                      UNCLASSIFIED//EOP OEEICl\k W&E OHLY
