{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T04:02:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 87076089, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870826353381988, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d143-aawsap-dird-laser-lightcraft-nanosatellites-november-1-2010.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870826117817276, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d143-aawsap-dird-laser-lightcraft-nanosatellites-november-1-2010.pdf", "source_sha256": "2e88690520b8175d657e18b9ba3de5b9e07c9be21b304a044e2e1d48f5cb9193"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,n11av


                      Defense
                      Intelligence
                      Reference
                      Document
                      Defense Futures

01 November 2010

ICOD 30 August 2010

DIA-08-1011-001


                      Laser Lightcraft
                      Nanosatellites


     Laser Lightcraft Nanosatellites

                      UNCLASSIFIED,C/F8R 8FFl@lslct tl!II! 8HL I
                                UNCLASSIFIED//P'8R 8FFl01iflk W&li QtU.¥


                  The Defense Intelligence Reference Document provides non-substantive but
                  authoritative reference information related to intelligence topics or methodologies.


          Prepared by:
          Technology Warning Division (DW0- 4)
          Defense Warning Office
          Directorate for Analysis
          Defense Intelligence Agency

          611thnr·


          AAP Person 58


          Administrative Notes:


          (U) COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not
          authorized.

           This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2010 under the Defense
           Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace Weapon System Applications. - - -....
           (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to this document should be addressed to I -·--. ) MP Person
AAP Perso~     ______       I   AAWSA Program Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: JUIAF - DI/DWO-3, 1 ·-··-
1    ---· Bldg 6000, Washington, DC 20340-5100.


     ii
                                 UNCLASSIFIED//liQQ OFFIQIA.. W&E &•U:Y
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /f8R 8FFIGI/Jk W&li QIIL¥


Contents
Chapter 1: Nanosatellite Technologies .................................................................. 3
Chapter 2: Laser Lightcraft Nanosatellite Propulsion .............................................. 11
Chapter 3: Laser Lightcraft Weapon Mission Selection Study .................................. 27
Chapter 4: Summary of Multi-Megawatt Laser Study for Lightcraft Propulsion
Appl ications .....................................................................................................42
Chapter 5: Conclusion ......................................................................................68
References .......................................................................................................71


Figures

Figure 1. Air Force X-25LR Laser Lightcraft .......................................................... 12
Figure 2. AFRL Test Veh icle in Vertical Flight ................................ ........................ 14
Figure 3. Time-Lapse Photo of a Lightcraft Undergoing an Outdoor Vertical Flight Test 15
Figure 4. Lightcraft Flight-Test Vehicle Used in Horizontal Guide -Wire Flight Tests ...... 16
Figure 5. Lightcraft Undergoing Horizontal Guide-Wire Flight Test ........................... 16
Figure 6. Lightcraft Undergoing Horizontal Guide-Wire Flight Test ........................... 17
Figure 7. Lightcraft Concept .......... ...... ................ ... .......... ........... .......... ............ .18
Figure 8. Lightcraft Trajectory and Associated Pointing Angles ................................. 19
Figure 9 . Lightcraft Vehicle Evolution ... ................. ..... ........ ............. .......... ........... 20
Figure 10. Attenuation Effects on Captured Laser Beam Power................................ 22
Figure 11. Influence of Trajectory and Laser Wavelength on Captured Power ............. 22
Figure 12. Captured Laser Power vs. Increasing Range from 11.2 µm CO2 Laser ........ 23
Figure 13. Influence of Lightcraft Range and Po inting Angles on Captured Power........ 24
Figure 14. Ground/Sea-to-Space Concept .............................................................27
Figure 15. Air-to -Space Concept . ........................................ .......... ............ ......... .28
Figure 16. Schematic of Power Oscillator Optics ....................................................44
Figure 17. Schematic of MOPA ............................................................................45
Figure 18. Schematic of the Laser N2/CO2/H2 Gas Flow System ................................45
Figure 19. Northrop Grumman's Joint High Power Bulk Slab Solid-State Laser .......... .48
Figure 20. DARPA's High Energy Liquid Laser Area Defense System ......................... 50
Figure 21. Phase Change Materials Allow Storage of Large Intermittent Heat Loads
While Slow Regeneration Removes Heat from Aircraft ............................................52
Figure 22. Typ ical HPFL MOPA Design ... ...................................... ......................... 54
Figure 23. Fiber Laser Beam Combining Techniques ...............................................54
Figure 24. Pumping Fiber Lasers .........................................................................56
Figure 25. Large and Small Diameter Fiber Lasers .................................................56
Figure 26. Single Mode Fiber Laser Modules ..........................................................57
Figure 27. Multimode HPFLs ................................ ...............................................57
Figure 28. Free-Electron Laser............................................................................58
Figure 29. Free-Electron Laser Mechanism ............................................................58
Figure 30. Free-Electron Laser Electron Beam Phase-Space Evolution ....................... 59
Figure 31. Recirculating-Beam FEL System ...........................................................60
Figure 32. High-Power FEL Optical Resonator ........................................................62
Figure 33. Notional Long Range HEL Beam Control System ..................................... 64

iii
                       UNCLASSIFIED,tfFQA QFFIGIAI:: 1!181: 8HLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIL:¥


Figure 34. HEL Beam Pointer/Tracker............................................ ....................... 65
Figure 35. Basic Shared Aperture Beam Control System ......................................... 66
Figure 36 . HEL Adaptive Optics System ................. ...... ......................................... 67

Tables

Table 1. Laser Lightcraft Model Cost Summary ......................................................25
Table 2. Performance and Estimated Weights for a Hybrid Rocket and Lightcraft ........ 30
Table 3. Estimated Costs for Hybrid Rocket and Lightcraft Launch Vehicles for ETO
Flight..............................................................................................................32
Table 4. Influence of Target Velocity and Intercept Angle on Impact Energy and
Required Mass ..................... ...................... .. .................. ................................... 33
Table 5. Influence of Lightcraft and Target Velocity on Impact Energy and Required
Mass ............................................................................................. .................. 35


iv
                       UNCLASSIFIED'
                                   Fl'FAR OFFJCJ0L: Pl&li ,>all.¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,>all.¥


Laser Lightcraft Nanosatellites

Summary
Miniaturized satellites are spacecraft of unusually low mass and small size, usually
under 500 kg in total mass. The term "minisatellite" refers to a spacecraft with a wet
mass (including onboard propellant) of 100 kg to 500 kg. Microsatellite or "microsat" is
a spacecraft with a wet mass of 10 kg to 100 kg. Nanosatellite or "nanosat" is a
spacecraft with a wet mass below 10 kg. Picosatel lite or "picosat" is a spacecraft with a
wet mass of 0.1 kg to 1.0 kg. Picosats are also called sub-nanosats.

The primary reason for miniaturizing satellites is to reduce cost. Heavier satellites
require larger launch vehicles of greater cost while smaller, lighter satellites require
smaller and cheaper launch vehicles and can sometimes be launched in multiples or
"piggyback" using excess capacity on larger launch vehicles. Miniaturized satellites
allow for cheaper designs as well as ease of mass production. However, few satellites
of any size other than communications constellations, where dozens of satellites are
used to cover the globe, have been mass produced in practice.

Besides the cost issue, the main rationale for the use of miniaturized satellites is the
opportunity to enable missions that a larger satellite cannot accomplish, such as:

•      Constellations for low data rate communications.
•      Using formations to gather data from multiple points.
•      In-orbit inspection of larger satellites.

Many of these missions require numerous small spacecraft in a constellation or
"swarm." These include orbital communications networks and swarms of small
satellites to conduct remote sensing, and to provide unique perspectives on
astronomical bodies of interest. For instance, 100 or more nanosats could be deployed
from a mother ship to their final destination in space for deployment.

Provisions for orbital maneuvers as well as attitude control, multiple sensors, and
instruments, and full autonomy will yield a highly capable miniaturized satellite. All
onboard electronics will survive a total radiation dose rate of several hundred kilorads
over a several year mission lifetime (at least 100 kilorads over two years) . Nanosats
developed for in-situ measurements will be spin-stabilized, and carry a complement of
particles and fields instruments. Nanosats developed for remote sensing measurements
(MASINT) or surveillance and eavesdropping (SIGINT) will be three-axis stabilized, and
carry a complement of imaging and radio wave instruments. Autonomy both onboard
the nanosats and at the ground stations will minimize the mission operational costs for
tracking and managing a constellation.

To reduce overall mission cost, advanced technology components and a novel laser
propulsion system will be used to make nanosats and their onboard instruments
compact, lightweight, low power, low cost, and able to survive their radiation
environment over a several year lifetime. Each nanosat will be manufactured and
tested for a recurring cost not to exceed $500k. By producing a large quantity of
nanosats for a given mission, the per-unit cost will be reduced to a small fraction of

                                                                                           1
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                UNCLASSIFIED/ /P'OR. 8FFIEiIAk W&i QPd~¥

satellite procurements for traditional missions. Mission operation costs will be
minim ized by the incorporation of both onboard and ground autonomy and use of
heuristic systems.


2
                UNCLASSIFIED,'fFQA QFFIEiIAL 1!181!! OHLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIia¥


Chapter 1: Nanosatellite Technologies
OVERVIEW

Nanosats require technologies that radically reduce the mass and power of components
without compromising performance. In addition to miniaturizing components, methods
to integrate similar functions across subsystems are being evaluated. For example, all
subsystem electronics, including instruments, could be integrated within the Command
and Data Handling (C&DH) subsystem. Multifunctional solutions also offer significant
savings over traditiona l approaches. Technology investments are required to develop
or adapt components to accommodate the expected radiation environment. Simple,
effective methods of thermal control are essential to keep the nanosat operational
during extreme temperature variations. Autonomy is a critical technology that impacts
every subsystem. Constellations with tens to thousands of nanosats must be highly
autonomous to be practical. The nanosat ground system must be kept inexpensive,
simple, and made inter-operable with other missions.

PROPULSION

In the baseline mission, nanosat propulsion is needed for two distinct functions: 1) each
nanosat must raise its orbit apogee to the appropriate radius, 2) and it must reorient
the axis of the spinning nanosat from the velocity direction (within the orbit plane) to
its science mission attitude (perpendicular to the ecliptic plane). These maneuvers
present challenging velocity change (1W) and attitude-control (ACS) requirements.

Requirements for the Av Thruster:

   •   Total impulse: 3,000 to 7,000 N-sec.
   •   Thrust: 445 N maximum.
   •   Input power (during burn): < 1 watt.
   •   Specific impulse: 280 seconds.

Requirements for the ACS Thruster:

   •   Total impulse: $ 2.4 N-sec.
   •   Minimum impulse bit: 0.044 N-sec.
   •   Response time: < 0.005 sec.
   •   Pulse rate: 1 Hz.

It turns out that the tiv and ACS thrusters can have independent systems. We propose
a new innovation whereby the nanosat launch vehicle propulsion system also serves
double duty as the tiv thruster system, and this can be done without having to carry the
propulsion energy source into orbit. This can only be achieved via laser propulsion in
which the laser beam energy that is used to launch a nanosat into orbit is also used to
provide tiv thrust in orbit. This novel innovation dramatically reduces the mass, size,
cost, and complexity of nanosats because they will only need to carry minimal onboard
ACS thrusters and propellant to carry out routine, minor attitude adjustments. The
innovative nanosat laser propulsion concept is presented in Chapter 2.


                                                                                        3
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIia¥


Miniaturized solid propellant gas generators could be used as ACS thrusters. Forty­
eight 50 mN-sec pulses are required to reorient the nanosat after it achieves the
required orbital altitude. Although this could be achieved either by a monopropellant or
a cold gas thruster, it could also be achieved using an array of gas generators. Such
miniaturized gas generators have already been successfully built and commercialized by
companies such as MOOG and Lockheed-Martin Space Systems. By incorporating
micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) techniques, the devices have been produced
relatively inexpensively . Miniaturized electric propulsion ACS thrusters, such as pulsed
plasma and MEMS field-emission electric propulsion (MEMS FEEP) thrusters, have been
developed and are now emerging into widespread commercialization.

GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION AND CONTROL

Guidance Navigation and Control (GN&C) subsystem key technologies and concepts
have been identified to enable successful altitude determination of spin-stabilized and
three-axis-stabilized nanosats for future missions. They include miniaturization of a
sun sensor and horizon crossing indicator. The miniature precision "fan" sun sensor will
pinpoint the sun virtually everywhere in the entire celestial sphere with every satellite
rotation. The sun sensor will be required to weigh less than 0.25 kg, draw less than 0.1
watt, operate on no greater than a 3.3 volt bus, and meet a 0.1 ° resolution
requirement. The miniature horizon crossing indicator has a small bore-sight field of
view that is mounted at an angle off the spin axis. As the spacecraft rotates, a cone of
coverage is formed. The sensor must be capable of detecting Earth over a range of
orbital radii with a pointing accuracy of 0.05°. Total horizon crossing indicator weight
and power will be less than 0.2 kg and 0.1 watt, respective ly.
Of particular interest to Constellation missions is the incorporation of GPS onboard the
nanosats, to eliminate ground-based ephemeris generation. This allows for increased
autonomy and simpler, more accurate time resolution onboard the spacecraft. For GPS
to fit within the constraints of a nanosat, t he receiver electronics need to be
miniaturized into a layer within the C&DH module.

COMMAND AND DATA HANDLING

Developing the C&DH subsystem for a nanosat presents some unique challenges, with
low mass (0.25 kg) and low power (0.5 W) requirements being the biggest drivers.
Advanced microelectronic solutions are being developed to meet these challenges. The
microelectronics developed must be modular and of scalable packaging to both reduce
cost and meet the requ irements of various missions. Th is development will utilize the
most cost effective approach, whether infusing commercially driven semiconductor
devices into spacecraft applications or partnering with industry in the design and
development of high capacity data processing devices. The major technologies will
include: lightweight, low power electronics packaging; radiation hard, low power
processing platforms; high capacity, low power memory systems; and radiation hard,
reconfigurable, field programmable gate arrays (RHrFPGA).
The C&DH requirements are as follows:
    •   Power: 0.5 watts.

4
                  UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFI&IAL HSI!! OHLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFI61Ak U&F QJsll.¥

   •   Weight: 0.25 kg.
   •   Input data rate: 2 kbits/sec.
   •   Output data rate: 100 kbits/sec.
   •   Data storage: 2 Gbits.
   •   Encoding: advanced convolutional.
   •   Processing speed: 12 MIPS.
   •   Radiation tolerance: > 100 krads total dose.

In order to develop a low mass C&DH, a lightweight and low power electronics
packaging method must be used. The packaging method that will be chosen must have
a small volume and small footprint (6 cm x 6 cm x variable height). The packaging
technique must provide data on programmable substrates and data on a compliant
interconnects for space use. A multi-chip module (MCM) has been successfully
produced by Pico Systems Inc.

A combin ed effort to reduce mass, power, size and cost led to the development of the
CMOS Ultra Low Power Radiation Tolerant (CULPRiT) system on a chip, and "C&DH in
your Palm" are technologies that enable the power reduction required for nanosats.
The goals of these technologies are a 20: 1 power reduction over current 5-volt
technology, foundry independence of die production, and radiation tolerance.

Another technology enabling a decrease in volume is the RHrFPGA, which reduces
volume by replacing many logic functions/circuits with one die. The RHrFPGA also
allows concurrent design by decoupling the logic design from the module, shortens the
design schedule, lowers the part count, and eases rework.

The above technologies allow for higher levels of electronic integration, effectively
combining spacecraft subsystem electronics and instrument electronics into the
smallest possible mass, power, and volume.

POWER SYSTEMS

Total spacecraft power is limited by the small satellite size. The Sun's power density is
1.35 kW/m 2 . Assuming 15% conversion efficiency for a 0.3 m x 0.1 m disk shaped
nanosat (cross section of 0.03 m 2), with a 67% area coverage, this results in a total
electric power of only 4.0 watts. Lightweight, efficient solar array panels that minimize
the effective array mounting area are needed. Dual or triple junction GaAs solar cells
that give 18% conversion efficiency at end of life (EOL), and assuming a more
optimistic area factor of 85%, will result in only 6.2 Wat EOL. Small satellites that do
not have extended solar panels simply do not intercept a large solar power density and
must use the available power very efficiently. For a small spinning satellite, it is
expected that three solar cells will be connected in series along the spin axis, and
groups of three will be connected in parallel around the circumference. Each section
will generate 3.3 volts and rotate into and out of sunlight as a unit. Voltage drops at
3.3 volts, bus regulation, circuit protection (e.g., fuse or circuit breaker) and Lithium
ion battery discharge characteristics are being studied.
Highly elliptical orbits in the ecliptic plane where the apogee velocity is very low will
cause a several hour eclipse during part of the year. Spacecraft batteries to cover this
eclipse period presents a significant mass impact. However, only a 10° orbit plane

                                                                                            5
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k U&& 8Ptl'l
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFI61Ak U&i 0'911.¥

inclination relative to the ecliptic, will reduce the maximum eclipse period to about one
hour. Inclusion of spacecraft batteries is then justified. Passive thermal control will be
used to keep the spacecraft electronics within 10°C of ambient temperature, and hence
will not require electric power for heating. Using such a scenario, a battery
requirement of about 2 amp-hours at 3.3 volts will allow full spacecraft functionality
during an eclipse. Twelve AA size Lithium- ion batteries meet the requirement and only
weigh 480 grams.

Circuits that have high current demands, such as thruster solenoids and fuses, need to
be augmented with components that have a lower power density than batteries, but
also have lower internal resistance. Ultra-capacitors are being explored for this
application.

Miniaturization of the power system electronics (PSE) to meet the weight and size
requirements of the nanosats is a considerable challenge. The ideal approach is to
eliminate the PSE completely, by having a fixed electrical load and batteries provide the
needed bus regulation. This yields a simplified system consisting of solar cells,
batteries, and minimal circuitry. A more immediate approach to miniaturization is to
produce hybrid modules that measure approximately 5.08 cm x 3.17 cm x 1.27 cm
and weigh 100 grams for each PSE component, namely the solar array regulator,
battery regulator, and low voltage power converter. The combination of these three
components into one module will reduce the size and weight another order of
magnitude.

THERMAL

Although an inclination change by 10° renders maximum shadows below two hours, we
evaluate the case of a maximum eight hour shadow for the purpose of generality.
Three thermal configurations are considered: (1) top and bottom of the nanosat are
insulated, the inside of the cylindrical solar array is not insulated, allowing internal heat
transfer between the internal equipment and the array; (2) the entire nanosat is
insulated, top and bottom as well as inside the solar arrays, except for a radiator on
top, sized to radiate the internal electrical dissipation; and (3) the internal equipment is
thermally isolated as well as possible from an "outside shell" with a controllable two­
phase heat transport device wh ich can be "shut off" during Earth shadows, serving as
the only thermal coupling between the equipment and a radiator on the outside surface.
The key advantage of configuration (1) is its reliability, or robustness. Since the
temperature of the nanosat is set by a high energy balance (heat in - heat out)
dominated by the absorbed solar energy, the operational temperature of the nanosat is
relatively insensitive to top and bottom multilayer insulation (MLI) properties, or,
largely, to internal heat dissipation. However, the feature that yields the operational
reliability, i.e., the high energy balance, also results in a rapid drop in temperature
when the solar load disappears during the Earth shadow. During the maximum eight
hour eclipse used for this evaluation, it was found that internal temperatures dropped
by about 60°C, which would result in internal temperatures in the range of - 30°C to
- 40°C. At the same time, the solar arrays dropped to a temperature of about 60°C.
Based on past experience, these end-of-eclipse temperatures are reasonable.


6
                  UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFIEiIAL HSI!! OHLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFI61Ak U&F QJsll.¥

Because configuration (2) has a much smaller overall energy balance than configuration
(1), it is much more sensitive to MLI properties and to internal power dissipation.
However, eclipse performance improves. During the ~ 8 hour eclipse, internal
temperatures drop by only 20°C, a marked improvement, with end-of-eclipse
temperatures well within the range of most spacecraft components. It should be noted
that the solar arrays, since they are now isolated from the body of the nanosat, drop to
temperatures of about - 110°C. Even these solar array temperatures should not pose a
problem. For example, the solar arrays of many geosynchronous satellites drop
routinely to temperatures of about -150°C during the 72 minute eclipse experienced by
these spacecraft at each equinox season.

The key feature of configuration (3) is that the equipment is coupled to an external
radiator only with a two-phase heat transport device, such as a capillary pumped loop
(CPL) or loop heat pipe (LHP). Operational temperatures are again maintained to
temperatures of about 20°c nominal with a properly sized radiator. However, the
temperature is also totally dependent on the proper operation of the two-phase "loop."
The two-phase heat transport device can be made redundant by the addition of a
second loop if single fault tolerance is desired. Note that redundancy is not a
consideration for the other two configurations . During the ~ 8 hour eclipse, further
improvement is realized, with internal temperatures dropping by as little as 6°C if the
internal payload is well insulated from the exterior of the nanosat. As in configuration
(2), the solar array temperatures drop to about -110°C. For certain equipment or
science instruments, the temperature control afforded by this type of "active" design
may be necessary.

A moderate amount of technology development has been underway since 2000 to
enable a two -phase heat transport system for use in a nanosat. The small size and low
heat transport requirements of the nanosat will necessitate significant downsizing of
today's flight qualified two-phase systems. This reduction will be accomplished by
leveraging recent successful tests of a small cryogenic two-phase CPL.

RF COMMUNICATIONS

The onboard RF subsystem must be small, low mass, and low power. The system
specifications are:

   •   Mass: 0.5 kg.
   •   Power consumption: 0.5 watt.
   •   Transmission data rate: up to 100 kbits/sec.
   •   Command reception data rate: 1 kbit/sec.
   •   Range: 3 to 5 Earth radii.
   •   Channel type: BPSK.
   •   Effective isotropic radiated power: 0.15 watt (-8.2 dbW).
   •   Carrier frequency: 8,470 MHz.

The tracking system should be coupled with this communication subsystem to maximize
efficiency in mass and power.


                                                                                           7
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k U&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFI61Ak U&i 0'911.¥

The communications subsystem is further complicated by constellations requiring spin­
stabilized nanosats. A spinning nanosat cannot easily point an antenna toward Earth.
Therefore, a low gain omni antenna is assumed and communications must take place
near perigee, when the range is 3 to 5 Earth radii. A large ground antenna and high
data rate compression must be used to achieve reasonable data rates with minimum
power. This places an additional burden on the ground stations for both sensitive
receivers/bit synchronizers and advanced decoders. These same considerations limit
data rate for satellite-to-satellite communication.

Although the inclusion of an onboard command receiver is high ly desired, it puts an
additional strain on an already challenged nanosat mass and power budget. For this
reason, the concept of a totally autonomous, receiverless nanosat design appears most
attractive. However, "receiver-on-a-ch ip" technology has advanced to the point where
including a receiver onboard looks feasible. The biggest disadvantage of a receiver now
becomes the ground personnel and software needed to support the ability to command
the nanosat. Command actions taken onboard will of course be limited to basic
functions such as "transmit data" because of the lack of redundancy and mechanical
functions. Although scenarios have been defined to allow nanosats to autonomously
determine when to transmit their stored data, utilizing a receiver to control the
telemetry downlink from the ground still has value. The capability of uploading flight
software changes, as well as sending a master reset if necessary, would also exist with
such an onboard command receiver.

MECHANICAL AND STRUCTURES

The nanosat mechanical system will be kept as simple as possible. The ideal nanosat
mechanical design should consist of a one-piece structure on which all other
components are mounted.

Multifunctional structures can provide thermal control, shielding and serve as substrates
for printed circuit boards. For example, diamond facesheet honeycomb panels can
serve as a structure, thermal conductor and radiator, and printed circuit board
substrates. The diamond facesheet provides ten times greater thermal conductivity
than aluminum and can dissipate heat from high power density electronics modules
with a low mass comparable to carbon fiber composites. Another example is the
structural battery system. It consists of a honeycomb panel whose core is filled with
the cells of a nickel-hydrogen battery (or other flight qualified cell technology).

Concurrent engineering and fabrication techniques will be used to create a single
computer model for the design, analysis (structural, thermal, and dynamic), and
fabrication of the nanosat and its components. Dynamic modeling capabilities to
simulate nanosat deployments will provide faster designs and a reduction in the amount
of deployment testing required. This approach will significantly lower development
costs by reducing duplication of effort, chances of errors, the number of drawings and
paperwork required.

Mass production techniques not traditionally used for spaceflight hardware will be used,
such as casting and injection molding. Options being considered for the nanosat
structure material are: cast aluminum; cast aluminum-beryllium alloy; injection molded

8
                 UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFIEiIAL HSI!! OHLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIia¥

plastic; fiber reinforced plastic; flat stock composite construction; and carbon
nanotubes (a.k.a. "Buckytubes") or carbon nanotubes composited with other materials.
The material will be selected based on mass, cost, manufacturability, ease of assembly
and integration, and suitability for the space environment.

Streamlin ed testing is needed for up to 100 or 1000 nanosats per mission. Performing
a complete test program on each unit wou ld be prohibitively expensive and time
consuming. We need to reduce the quantity of testing required while assuring product
quality to meet program cost and schedule goals. Lot testing and statistical quality
control methods should be developed to verify quality and structural performance by
testing a small subset of the total number of nanosats.

INSTRUMENTS

Instruments for in-situ and remote measurements must be miniatu rized to fit within the
mass and volume constraints of a nanosat. Power consumption must also be scaled
down accordingly. Instrument sensitivities cannot be compromised in the process.
Instrument electronics need to be combined with nanosat subsystem electronics to
achieve higher degrees of integration yield ing reduced mass and volume. Instrument
software will be designed to evaluate the onboard data and adjust instrument data
rates and modes to efficiently capture the data of highest priority.

GROUND SYSTEMS

The large number of nanosats in a constellation is a challenge to the ground system in
getting all of the data to the users. In a typical baseline mission, there are times when
up to ten (or more) nanosats would be within communications range of a ground
station at a single time. A minimal model for the ground station contacts shows that
they can support a nanosat constellation with only two ground stations located on
opposite sides of the Earth. The schedulers will prioritize the contacts, with the
nanosats in the higher period orbits getting priority. Nanosats in the lower period orbits
have more opportunities to dump their data, and therefore can have lower priority
without risking any data loss.

Since the nanosats are autonomous, the operations concept for a mission requi res only
a few operators to determine the nanosat orbits, schedule the ground stations, and to
investigate anomalies on the spacecraft. Automated systems will monitor the
housekeeping data from the spacecraft and they will flag problems for the spacecraft
engineers to investigate. The large number of nanosats allows the risk management to
be different for this mission than for single spacecraft missions.

Except for commands to initiate the data downlink, the ground system will not
command the nanosats for normal operations. The only commands that the ground
system sends would be program loads to resolve or work around problems and fa ilures.

The large number of nanosats in a constellation is a configuration control challenge for
the data tracking, the schedu les, the command loads, the science or intelligence data,
and the engineering data. The ground system will use IDs, colorcoded user interfaces,
and other techniques to ensure that the operators and users can keep track of the data

                                                                                           9
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,>all.¥

associated with a particular nanosat. Constellations that fly in close formation can
benefit by the use of inter-nanosat commun ications to reduce ground station
contention. The data wou ld flow from a single nanosat to the ground instead of coming
from every nanosat. Communications protocols for inter-nanosat communications must
be developed.

AUTONOMY

Support costs are high if single-satellite mission operations and data analysis practices
are scaled to a constellation mission. Autonomy onboard the spacecraft and on the
ground is therefore required to ensure that mission objectives are efficiently and
inexpensively met.

Nanosat autonomy will make use of onboard and ground-based remote agents with the
overarching goal of maximizing the scientific or intelligence return from each nanosat
during the mission lifetime. The remote agents achieve this goal by monitoring and
appropriately controlling nanosat subsystems. Additionally, the onboard agent
monitors the full complement of spacecraft sensors and instruments to heuristically
separate scientific or intelligence events of interest from background events, thereby
intelligently fitting the science/intelligence data within allocated spacecraft storage
resources.

Nanosats with distant orbits are out of communications range of a ground station for
nearly a week. Nanosat subsystems cou ld be compromised if faults occurring during
this blackout period were not readily addressed. An unacceptable loss of scientific or
intelligence data could also occur. Therefore, the onboard agent will incorporate the
capability to detect, diagnose, and recover from faults.

Certain failure scenarios may not be correctable by the onboard agent. These faults will
be deferred to the ground agent for handling. Each nanosat will include data in its
telemetry on the health and status of each subsystem and a history of commands
autonomously issued since the last ground contact. The ground system will then
attempt to diagnose problems based on this data. Additionally, collective knowledge of
actions taken by all nanosats in the constellation will reside within the ground system
by virtue of the data dumps made during each contact. From this data the agent can
detect trends and systematic conditions not otherwise observable onboard the nanosat.

These highly autonomous systems will present a unique set of challenges not only to
the system designers, but also to those involved in spacecraft testing. Careful
consideration must be given to the design of the test program to ensure that the state­
space of the remote agents is validated and verified. It is equally important to
implement this program in a cost-effective manner. However, we could likely justify
deploying considerable resources to address this issue since the methods developed to
solve these challenges can be applied to numerous missions.


                 UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFI&IAL HSI!! OHLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,>all.¥


Chapter 2: Laser Lightcraft Nanosatellite Propulsion
Laser propulsion is a new and exceptional method for reachi ng space. By launching
spacecraft on a beam of electromagnetic radiation, researchers will have developed the
first new method of achieving orbit since the late 1950's. In this concept, a remote or
ground-based energy source, such as a ground- or space-based laser beam generator,
transmits power to a spacecraft via a beam of electromagnetic radiation [ 1-8]. The
spacecraft collects the beam energy and uses it to power the propulsion system. This
concept has the advantage of using the ambient air as the working fluid in the
atmosphere and carrying propellant only for use outside the atmosphere, leaving the
energy source for heating the propellant on the ground. This results in a tremendous
weight reduction and improved performance benefit for the spacecraft because a large
propellant mass and heavy energy source are not carried onboard.

The laser-propelled vehicle, called "Lightcraft" because it flies on a beam of laser light,
is designed to harness the energy of a laser beam and convert it into propulsive thrust.
In the earliest laser-propelled rocket designs, beamed energy from a ground-based
laser (with near-visible wavelengths) is absorbed by a heat exchanger onboard a
rocket, and is transferred to a working fluid. The heated fl uid (hydrogen, ammonia,
etc.) then produces thrust by expansion throug h a nozzle as in a conventional chemical
rocket. An alternative to this scheme is to use the beamed-energy to ablate an
onboard solid propellant (such as Delrin) to generate thrust. However, a more recent
incarnation of th is concept, developed by the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) at
Edwards AFB, CA, is for the Lightcraft to operate in two propulsion modes: airbreathing
(detonation wave) and rocket ablation (deflagration). The Lightcraft operates in air
breathing mode up to Mach 5 and 30 km altitude, and in laser thermal rocket mode
(using liq uid, gaseous, or Delrin ablation propellant) in space [7, 8, 9-16]. Figure 1
shows the Air Force X-25LR (25 cm diameter) Lightcraft concept. The Air Force X-SOLR
Lightcraft has twice the diameter as the X-25LR.


                                                                                         11
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIia¥


Figure 1. Air Force X-25LR Laser Lightcraft {courtesy of F. Mead, AFRL/ PRSP, Edwards AFB,
CA).

In the two-mode propulsion concept, a forebody aeroshell acts as an external
compression surface for the airbreathing engine inlet. Affixed to the bottom of the craft
is a parabolic-shaped afterbody mirror, which serves as a primary receptive optic for
the laser beam and as an external plug nozzle expansion surface. The primary thrust
structure is the centrally located annular shroud, which provides air through the inlet
and also acts as a ring-shaped energy "absorption/propulsion" chamber for plasma
formation. The air inlet is closed when the Lightcraft operates in the rocket mode.
The Lightcraft is very lightweight and uses its shape to facilitate vertical flight. The
craft has the appearance of a fat acorn when viewed from the side. The lower portion
of the craft is a very highly polished metal mirror, whereby the lower point of the
acorn-shape is the midpoint of a stretched-out parabolic mirror (see Figure 2). The
Lightcraft receives kilojoule pulses from a ground-based infrared laser at a rate of 25
times per second. The axisymmetric, off-axis parabolic collection mirror facilitates flight
by concentrating the pulsed laser light into an annular focus. The laser beam's pulse
interacts with the mirror, spreading out and focusing into an annular area inside the
circumference of the craft. The intensity of the 18 microsecond pulsed laser is
sufficiently high that atmospheric breakdown occurs in the annular area causing inlet air
to momentarily burst into a highly luminous plasma (10,000 - 30,000 K), thereby
producing a superheated plasma shock wave (with instantaneous pressures reaching
tens of atmospheres) that generates thrust in the direction of the laser beam. A lip
around the craft's circumference, akin to a plug nozzle, directs the expansion of the

12
                 UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFI&IAL HSI!! OHLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFI61Ak U&F QJsll.¥

plasma, creating downward thrust expansion. Multiple laser pulses and an atmospheric
refresh of breakdown air generate the flight. Th is airbreathing pulsed-detonation
engine concept owes its origins to the German V-1 "Buzz Bomb" of WW II which ran on
aviation fuel.
For the purpose of this report, we envision a Lightcraft Earth-to-Orbit (ETO)
transportation system that operates according to the following scenario. The
airbreathing engine mode develops quasi-steady thrust by pulsing at a variable rate
that depends on the Mach number and altitude flown along the flight trajectory to orbit.
Once the Lightcraft reaches very high altitude and climbs above the atmosphere, it
begins to operate in the thermal rocket mode using onboard propellant to convert and
expand the laser energy for propulsion. The Lightcraft is spin-stabilized and can be
launched vertically upward or on a slant upward trajectory, hover in mid-air, and
undergo powered descent and landing. The ground-based laser beam generator
system consists of the following: 1) power supply; 2) high-power (megawatt-class)
laser beam generator/transmitter using novel beam optics; and 3) automated tracking,
hand-off and safety systems.

HISTORY OF THE LIGHTCRAFT TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION
PROGRAM

The laser Lightcraft project originally grew out of the Lightcraft Technology
Demonstration Program funded by the Strategic Defense Initiative Organization (SDIO)
Laser Propulsion Program in the late 1980's. In the 1990's, a joint program involving
the NASA-Marshall Space Flight Center and the Propulsion Sciences and Advanced
Concepts Division of the AFRL Propulsion Directorate developed and tested an
experiment to determine the feasibility of using high-power pulsed lasers to launch a
spacecraft into orbit. Successful tests at the White Sands Missile Range (WSMR) High
Energy Laser Systems Test Facility (HELSTF) demonstrated the first passively controlled
vertical free flight of an object that was propelled by the U.S. Army's 10 kW Pulsed
Laser Vulnerability Test System (PLVTS) infrared CO2 laser. Laser boost capability was
demonstrated at the HELSTF with a Lightcraft reaching 43 m vertically in 2-second
gyroscopically stabilized free flights, which was followed by horizontal guide-wire flights
of 121.9 m lasting 10 to 20 seconds (see Figure 2 through Figure 6). A subsequent
series of test flights achieved an altitude of 38. 7 m. L. Myrabo (private communication,
Rensselaer Polytechnic Inst., Troy, NY, 2009) recently reported vertical Lightcraft test
flights achieving 68 m altitude.
This achievement can be compared to the first successful flights of Robert Goddard's
liquid propellant chemical rocket, which attained a height of 12.5 m after a 2.5 second
burn in March 1926. In sharp contrast with Goddard's rockets, there is absolutely no
fuel on board the prototype Lightcraft, which has a diameter of 10 cm, mass of 20 to 40
g, and is machin ed from a solid block of 6061-T6 aluminum. Five different Lightcraft
designs have been flight-tested using the pointing and tracking system on the PLVTS
laser. Current Lightcraft designs are lim ited to about 60 g mass and 15 cm in diameter
by the PLVTS laser. A megawatt-class laser will be necessary for a larger kilo-class
Lightcraft to reach orbit and components for these lasers exist, which would
demonstrate the feasibility of this technology for low cost access to space.


                                                                                         13
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k U&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIia¥


Figure 2. AFRL Test Vehicle in Vertical Flight (courtesy of F. Mead, AFRL/PRSP, Edwards
AFB, CA).


14
                 UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFI&IAL HSI!! OHLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li Qlhll.¥


Figure 3. Time-Lapse Photo of a Lightcraft Undergoing an Outdoor Vertical Flight Test
(courtesy of F. Mead, AFRL/PRSP, Edwards AFB, CA).


                                                                                        15
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOA QliliHiiilAts W&& 8,.L'l
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li Qlhll.¥


Figure 4. Lightcraft Flight-Test Vehicle Used in Horizontal Guide-Wire Flight Tests (the top
of vehicle is to the right and the laser beam strikes the stretched-out parabolic
mirror/propulsion section on the left} (courtesy of F. Mead, AFRL/ PRSP, Edwards AFB, CA).


Figure 5. Lightcraft Undergoing Horizontal Guide-Wire Flight Test (courtesy of F. Mead,
AFRL/PRSP, Edwards AFB, CA).


16
                  UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFI&IAL ~8! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li ,HIia¥


Figure 6. Lightcraft Undergoing Horizontal Guide-Wire Flight Test (courtesy of F. Mead,
AFRL/PRSP, Edwards AFB, CA).


SUMMARY OF TECHNICAL PERFORMANCE AND BENEFITS

We outline below the propulsion performance features of the laser Lightcraft launch
system:
   •   The system is single-stage-to-orbit and completely reusable.
   •   Almost no onboard propellant is required (the reaction mass is free air), except
       for the small internal amount of propellant needed for final ascent to orbit and
       orbital maneuvering.
   •   Vehicle specific impulse (lsp) is essentially infinite (::: several x 103 seconds in
       rocket mode).
   •   Payload mass fractions are"" 50 - 95%.
   •   These systems are simple, reliable, safe, environmentally clean, and could have
       a very high all azimuth on-demand launch rate.
   •   Reduces space launch costs by two to three orders of magnitude below today's
       levels: estimated launch costs are $20/kg to $600/kg of payload (not including
       life cycle and launch operations costs).
   •   The feasibility and physics principles have been proven by the AFRL's Lightcraft
       Concept Demonstration Program [11, 16-25].
Lightcraft systems have sufficient power density to operate as ETO launch systems. It
requires a beam power of 0.1 to 1 MW per kg of vehicle mass, while orbit-to-orbit

                                                                                          17
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR. 8FFl&IAk W&li Qlhll.¥

propulsion requires a modest 0.1 to 10 MW of total beam power. The ground-based
megawatt-class laser beam generator is state-of-the-art technology. The cost of
generating electrical power for the ground-based laser beam generator is ~ $0.10/kWh,
which translates to < $2/kg of payload. An SDIO study [10, 11] showed that all launch
to orbit conditions for a Lightcraft could be satisfied by a single, high -power ground ­
based laser - with or without the aid of a low altitude laser relay mirror or space-based
laser beam generator system. The majority of the system mass required to launch a
payload to orbit is left on the ground in the form of the beam generators and their
electrical power sources. The dry spacecraft mass can be further reduced by two
orders of magnitude, and thus the operating costs reduced by a factor of 10 (to <
$2/kg of payload), if Buckytubes are used to construct the vehicle and its subsystems.

LIGHTCRAFT NANOSATELLITE CONFIGURATION

As shown in Figure 7, the Lightcraft nanosat configuration consists of: 1) a con ically
shaped "forebody" for lift and aerodynamic compression of ingested airflow (prior to its
detonation by laser heating during atmospheric flight); 2) an annular "cowl" or "shroud"
with in which air detonation or propellant ablation (by intense laser heating) occurs; and
3) a parabola-shaped "after body" whose mirrored surface focuses beamed laser energy
into regions of sufficient sma llness for intense air or propellant heating to occur. And as
shown in Figure 8, the vehicle is powered by laser airbreathing propu lsion (by
detonation of air) until hypersonic speed within the sensible atmosphere is reached;
and then the vehicle is powered by laser rocket propulsion (by heating of propellant)
during flight above the sensible atmosphere, until cut-off velocity for orbital flight is
reached.


                   Shroud (Cowl):
                  within wh ich Laser                         • Laser Airbreathing Flight
                  Heating of Airflow                            from Zero Velocity to
                    and Propellant                              Hypersonic Speed
                        Occurs
                                                  --- -- - ---
                                                                  --- ---
                                                         Afterbody: with
                                                        Mirrored Surface
                                                       for Focusing Laser
                                                         Energy into the      Laser


                                        .______ ___ __ _________ }__
                                                          Shroud (Cowl)       Beam


                 Forebody: for Lift
                and Compression
                 of Airflow during
                                        \                        • Laser Rocket Flight from
                                                                   Hypersonic to Orbital
                Atmospheric Flight      Axi-Symmetric Body         Speed

Figure 7. Lightcraft Concept 126 1.


18
                    UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFI&IAL ~8! 8HLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf


                                                                       Zenith
                                   Ligbtcraft
                                 Earth-to-Orbit


           Maxim um
           (Cut-Ofl)
            Velocity


                                                                       Ground
                                                                       Based
                                                                       Laser
                                              (Not to Scale)


Figure 8. Lightcraft Trajectory and Associated Pointing Angles 1261.

The low vehicle propellant fraction for laser powered Lightcraft ( ~ 0.5 of vehicle takeoff
mass) resulted in vehicle takeoff masses that were approximately 45, 80, and 360
times less than those of conventional rockets for placing masses of 10 kg, 5.0 kg, and
1.0 kg into low Earth orbit (LEO). And preliminary life-cycle cost estimates made
during the AFRL study by Froning and Davis [26] indicated that transportation system
costs for placing 10 kg, 5.0 kg, and 1.0 kg of mass into orbit using Lightcraft and
ground-based lasers would be approximately 3, 5, and 15 times less than with
conventional rockets.

One of the two most important findings from the Froning and Davis study is the
significant influence of Lightcraft drag on airbreathing laser propulsion performance,
and the consequence of this on laser rocket propulsion performance during the latter
phase of Lightcraft flight. As indicated in Figure 9, a significant reduction in both
Lightcraft size and drag coefficient (Co) - as compared to that of the initial government
baseline design - was needed for acceptable airbreath ing thrusting acceleration during
atmospheric fl ight. Figure 9 shows that both size and drag coefficient reduction were
accomplished in several steps - with both size and Co reduction accomplished during
the first step, and further Co reduction (by increased forebody fineness ratio) during the
second step.

It was also found that sufficient Lightcraft airbreathing thrust required thrust variation
with altitude, somewhat comparable to that achievable by contemporary airbreathing
propulsion systems - whose flight dynamic pressure (q) and thrust remain constant
with increasing vehicle altitude and speed until constant q can no longer be maintained.
Here, acceptable airbreathing thrust minus drag performance was needed to reach
maximum airbreathing speed (Mach 10) within acceptably short flight times and
distances. And such short times and distances were required to ensure adequate
receipt of beamed power by the Lightcraft out to the longest ranges associated with
laser rocket propulsion flight; where beamed power would travel the longest distances
through the atmosphere and space, and collected power would drop to lowest values.

                                                                                         19
                       UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                      UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE O14Lf

Froning and Davis [26] also determined that the ground-based laser selected (). = 1.62
µm, 10 MW radiated power, 10 m diameter aperture) would enable a Lightcraft takeoff
mass of 8 kg and Lightcraft propellant mass of 4 kg. Therefore, this would allow
approximately 4 kg of mass to be placed into orbit with the selected ground-based
laser. And vehicle synthesis work determined that the remaining masses for the
Lightcraft airframe, propulsion, and control systems would be 0.63 kg, 0.46 kg, and
0.45 kg, respectively, together with a 30 percent contingency (of 0.47 kg).


                                                                                    Takeoff Mass = 4.0 kg
                                                                                    Frontal Area= 0.78 m1

                           /<3)
                  TakeoffMass=8.0kg ~
                  FnmlalArea •.096m' ~
                                                                                                               I
                                       Takeoff Mass = 8.0 kg
                                       Frontal Area "' .096 m2


                                                                                    (1)


                                1.00
                                                                                        .16~


                 i!                                                        .0054
                                                                                                        (I )


                          ~
                                           Cr,A/W (m21k&)
                                                                                                                   f
                  i...= ......s
                                .10
                                              L      .0026             ~                                       I
                  ·;      ...
                          ,II                                                                           I
                                                   ~
                          •                                                                         I
                  ~41 '-' ~
                  ..                                                                            I

                  .•. l·;...
                  <lie ..                                                                   I
                  ·; ..
                  Q
                   ... i
                                 .01         Range for
                                             Currently    l                         /
                                                                                        /


                                                          ... -
                   i1:1 ~                    Envisioned                    ;;iJt'               SDIO Llgbtcraft
                          @                  &:ramjets           -   .,,
                   ~


                                              M
                  !--


                                .001
                                       0               10               20                                         30
                                               Half-Apell Angle ofForebody (degrees)

Figure 9. Lightcraft Vehicle Evolution (in 3 steps) 126 1.
Froning and Davis [26] further indicated that small COTS chemical propulsion systems,
with sufficient thrust, would be about a factor of 7 to 12 heavier than those needed to
meet Lightcraft orbit circularization needs. However, such mass reductions were


20
                      UNCLASSIFIED,'fFOA QFFISIAL 1!181!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf

deemed possible with emerging MEMS technologies being developed under the National
Nanotechnology Initiative for both chemica l and FEEP thrusters (see Chapter 2 for
details). It was also found that the currently configured composite structure for the
Lightcraft forebody must be reduced from 2-ply to 3-ply (with the same ply-thickness)
to meet Lightcraft airframe mass requirements.

Another important finding in the study was the significant influence of the ground - based
laser wavelength (>..) on Lightcraft performance. Figure 8 illustrates the adverse beam
propagation geometry associated with ETO laser propulsion by means of ground-based
lasers. It is seen that beam propagation distances through the Earth's atmosphere are
short during initial flight phases when the path length traveled by laser energy to the
Lightcraft is least. But during latter flight phases (when the vehicle itself is above the
sensible atmosphere) the beam propagation path within the atmosphere is much
longer, and power losses due to atmospheric attenuation become ever greater with
increasing range. And since power losses due to laser beam spread ing - even in vacuo
- also increase with increasing distance from the laser, power losses are greatest at the
end of laser propulsion (when vehicle distance from the laser is greatest).

For a ground-based laser with given aperture diameter, adaptive optics, atmospheric
conditions, and radiated power, the laser power collected by the Lightcraft was found to
be extremely sensitive to laser wavelength. Here, >.. determined the amount of radiated
laser power lost through "thermal blooming," turbu lence, and "extinction" during beam
passage through the Earth's atmosphere in addition to the power lost from "diffraction"
(beam spreading at longer ranges) during propagation through the vacuum of space.
And since each loss mechanism was a function of>.., Froning and Davis considered each
loss mechanism in their estimation of lost power for the six different laser wavelengths
associated with the six different ground-based laser candidates that were evaluated in
the study.

Shown in Figure 10 (without dimensions) is the fraction of radiated laser power
collected by the Lightcraft at maximum laser propulsion range (when necessary "cut­
off" velocity for orbital flight is achieved) for the spectrum of wavelengths investigated.
It is seen that a significant fraction of laser-radiated power is lost, even if there were no
atmospheric transmission losses at all. And add itional losses associated with beam
propagation through the atmosphere are seen to result in power losses on the order of
75% to 99%. Figure 11 shows that significantly more power would be available at the
end of laser airbreathing flight than at the end of laser rocket flight. This might benefit
surface-to-air Lightcraft missions that would mainly entail airbreathing flight.


                                                                                           21
                  UNCLASSIFIED'
                              I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAE USE 014Lf


                                  ~
                     0.5                                                    • Earth-to-Orbit                    • End of Luer
                                                                                Trajectory                       Alrbreatbiag
                                   \                                                                              and Rocket
                                            \                                                                     Propulsion
                     0.4
                                                \
                                                    \
                                                        \                   Beam Power Attenuation


                                                                 \. j
                     0.3                                    \                   due to Difraction


                                                                                               Beam Power Attenuation
                     0.2                                         0...                           due to Difraction and
                                                                        ',                      Atmospheric Effects
                                                                                   ,.....,
                     0.1                                                                     ..............
                                                                                                              ............
                                                                                                                             "o
                      0
                           0          1                     :Z              3          4            5             6                7
                                          Laser Waveleogtll/Optimum Laser Wavelength

Figure 10. Attenuation Effects on Captured Laser Beam Power [ 26 1.


                               0.4                                                                                           • Earth-to-Orbit
                                                                                                                                 Trajectory


                               0.3
                                                                                                                                   End of Laser
                                                                                                                                   Airbreathing
                                                                                                                                    Propulsion
                               o.:z

                                                                                               End of Laser
                                                                                               Airbreathiog
                               0.1                                                             and Rocket
                                                                                               Propulsion


                                0 ..__.__           _,_____._.....1..._..____.__ _,__ .._____.__ .....1..._....__.._____.___.,
                                  0                                     2          3            4                              6          7
                                                            Laser Waveleogtll/Optimum Laser Wavelength

Figure 11. Influence of Trajectory and Laser Wavelength on Captured Power [ 261.


22
                  UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFIEiIAL ~81!! 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf

Figure 12 shows, for a given laser aperture diameter, adaptive optics, and atmospheric
cond itions, the decrease in laser power collected by the Lig htcraft with increasing range
from a 11.2 µm wavelength CO2 laser. The decrease is shown for a vertical laser­
pointing angle and for a final laser-poin ting angle of 83° (from the vertical) that occurs
at maximum laser propulsion range (about 500 km), where the Lightcraft reaches
maximum speed.

                  1.E+07---- - -- - - . - - - - - - - , - - - - - - - r - - - - - - ,


           -
           i
           .:=
            f
                                                            11.2 micron
                                                        Laser Wavelength
                                                                                   La er Beam
                                                                                   Angle from
           J:!                                                                     the Vertical
           -:i 1.E+06-l--½---
           :i                     ~a:----=-----F""-..::-------:c:-+.,-------::----:---+------t----t
           £
           l!
            Q,
           U
           ._
              1.E+OS-1----- ~ - - - , - - -+-:,--------:----'=l'--..-.:::: - - -- f - - ­


           i...
            ~
           ,:!    l .E+OA+----~e-------1-----=---1-----------1
                       0          100            200             300             400            500
                                      Ligbtcraft Slant Range from Laser (km)

Figure 12. Captured Laser Power vs. Increasing Range from 11.2 µm CO2 Laser 126 1.

Figure 13 shows the significant difference in the laser power collected by the Lightcraft
during its laser propulsion phase of flight for the selected laser wavelength of 1.62 µm,
and for t he 11.2 µm CO2 laser wavelength chosen for a government baseline Lightcraft.
This comparison is for a Lightcraft trajectory determined from optimization work during
the latter phases of the Froning and Davis study. It was also for the highest rad iated
power (10 MW) and the largest laser aperture (10 m) that was deemed practical for Air
Force operations and systems.

Unfortunately the demonstrated laser beam power levels for the attractive 1.62 µm
wavelength, which suffered the least propagation losses, are relatively modest. This
attractive laser wavelength is associated with the wavelength-tunable free-electron
laser (FEL), whose maximum beam power is currently in the 20 kW range. Th us, there
is the need for a 500-fold increase in FEL beam power to achieve the 10 MW beam
power required for (10 kg-class) Lightcraft ETO propulsion. However, 100 kW beam
FEL designs are being proposed by the Navy for prototyping and testing in FY 2011 and
2012.


                                                                                                      23
                    UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                     UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf


                 6
                                                             •Radiated Laser

          1
          == s
                     50•     60°
                                         70°
                                                              Power= 10 MW               Laser Beam
                                                                                         Angle from

          ..                                          75"                                the Vertical

          -
                             I


                                                                                           i
           ~                 I            I
                                          I
          -e.o= 4            IEnd ofLaser1
          ~                  (Airbreathingl
           >,                                     1.62 ·micron
          ,l:l                 Propulsion :
                                               Laser Wavelength
          ]      3

                                   i
                                          I            I

          -::I


          u= 2
           Q.
                                                       I
                                                       I

           ..
           41
                                                       I
                                                       I    • Ligbtcraft
                                                       I Capture Dia.
                                                                               Lightcraftll
                                                                             Achievement of:
          t.. 1                                               of30 cm         Orbital Speed I

          =
          ~
           ..
           GI             11.2 micron
                       Laser Wavelength
                                                                                            :
                                                                                          \ I
                                                                                                .04
                                                                                                MW
                                                                                            I __j
                 0
                       100             200            300                  400            soo
                                   Ligbtcraft Slant Range from Laser (km)

Figure 13. Influence of Lightcraft Range and Pointing Ang les on Captured Power C26 1.

The phys ics and technology of FELs will allow beam power to be sca led up to 1 MW or
higher as long as thermal loading of the beam optics and electron losses in the electron
beam recirculation loop can be mitigated using engineering solutions. Beam combining
of several 1 MW (or higher) FELs can achieve a total combined beam output power of
10 MW (or higher). Other newly emerging high-power laser techno logy that show
promise for achieving megawatt-class beam power include bulk slab solid-state and
high -power fiber lasers; t he former has already achieved over 100 kW of beam power
whi le the latter is getting close to it. Present megawatt-class lasers that are based on
avai lable proven technology include a proposal fo r a 5-beam, 2.5 MW per beam,
electron gun-driven CO2/gas mixture laser which combines five laser beams to ach ieve
10 MW of total beam output power. These systems wi ll be described further in Chapter
4.

LIFE CYCLE OF LIGHTCRAFT SYSTEM

Froning and Davis [26] found that ground-based laser costs comprised the major
portion of a Lightcraft ETO transportation system - with ground-based laser costs
comprising about 80% of the total laser Lightcraft system life-cycle cost (LCC). The
LCC of a laser Lightcraft ETO transportation system was estimated using Li ghtcraft
ve hicle and ground-based laser cost inputs from AFRL/PRSP together with
programmatic cost inputs from another cost database. Table 1 shows the
programmatic assumptions together with t he system acq uisition and operation costs for
the various Lightcraft vehicle and ground-based laser system elements. Laser
acquisition and operation costs were assumed to be shared with another user and all
ope rations costs are reduced to one-half those va lues estimated from historical data.
Launch costs are seen to be extremely low (only $74,141 per flight) with laser-

24
                     UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA 9FFH31AL ~8! 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf

associated costs comprising approximately 92% of the laser-powered Lightcraft ETO
transportation system LCC.


                   Table 1. Laser Lightcraft Model Cost Summary [ 26 1.
     Laser Lightcraft Model Cost Summary                   Share Solid-State
                                                            Laser Cut Ops
                                                            Costs by 50%

     Mission Model Length (Years)                                 10

     Launch Rate Per Year                                        1,000

     Payload Per Launch (kg)                                           2 .0

     Mission Flight Time (s)                                    221.52

     Total Program Cost ($M)                                    741.410

     DDT & E / Acquisition Costs ($M)                           680 .358       91.77%

     Operations Costs ($M)                                      61.053         8.23%


     Average Cost Per Flight ($)                                74,141

     Average Cost Per kg (based on operations costs) ($)         3,052


     DDT & E / Acquisition Costs ($M)                           680.358

       Laser Lightcraft (LCC) Development Cost ($M)             18.000         2.65%

       Laser Lightcraft (LCC) Acquisition ($M)                  37.596         5.53%

       10 MW Ground-Based Laser Acquisition ($M)                624.762        91.83%

       Launch Site Facil ity Costs (Construction) ($M)           5.000         0.73%


     Operations Costs, Annual ($M)                               6.105

       Laser Annual Operations Cost ($M)                         3.750         61.42%

       Laser Refurbishment, Annual ($M)                          0.750         12.28%

       Laser Consumables, Annual ($M)                                          0.00%

       Energy Cost, Annual ($M)                                  0.101         1.65%

       Launch Site Facil ity Cost, Annual ($M)                   0.250         4.09%

       USAF Sys Prgrm Office (SPO) Cost, Annual ($M)             0.250         4.09%

       NORAAD Coordination Cost, Annual ($M)                     0.500         8 .19%

       FAA Coordination Cost, Annual ($M)                        0.250         4.09%

       Range (Safety, Tracking, Telemetry), Annual ($M)          0.255         4.17%


                                                                                        25
                    UNCLASSIFIED'
                                I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
     UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


26
     UNCLASSIFIED,'fFOA QFFISIAL 1!181!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED//1'81\ 81'1'1CHtt USE ONLf


Chapter 3: Laser Lightcraft Weapon Mission Selection
Study
The objective of the Froning and Davis [26] study was to examine crucial future Air
Force launch vehicle missions and select at least one that might be performed very
cost-effectively by Lightcraft vehicles powered by beamed electromagnetic energy from
airborne or ground/sea-based lasers. It entai led identification and analysis of promising
launch vehicle missions for laser-propelled Lightcraft, and assessments of the identified
and analyzed missions by experts in the mission areas. See Figure 14 and Figure 15 for
Lightcraft missions that have been identified and explored.

It was concluded that the most promising Air Force mission for a laser-propel led
Lightcraft is the placement of Earth and space observing nanosats of up to 3 kg mass
into LEO. Such a laser-propelled Lightcraft would also serve as a "Lightsat," because it
would use the Lightcraft's laser propulsion optics as a telescope for observing military
targets on Earth and in space. Additional estimated mass for performing the Lightsat
function is no more than about 1 kg, if the Lightcraft forebody structure panels can be
unfurled in orbit and used as solar power collectors. Such a Lightcraft system appears
capable of reaching LEO at 1/S th to 1/10 th the cost required for placing a similar Lightsat
system into LEO using multistage chemical rocket systems.


                     Ground-to-Space
                          (Earth-to-Orbit)             /
                                                            ,,,~
                                                  /
                                             /
                                         /

                                                           Pico or Nano
                                                             Satellites


Figure 14. Ground/Sea-to-Space Concept: Appropriate rotation of a high-energy laser beam,
emanating from a ground/sea-based laser, guides and propels an integral Lightcraft pico­
/nano-satellite along an ETO ascent path until orbital conditions are reached, or until
beamed laser energy can no longer be transformed into Lightcraft thrust C26 1,


27
                  UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE O14Lf


                                                               Enemy/
                         Air-to-Space                     Ballistic Missiles
                         (Ballistic Threats)                     JI
                      Air Launch:
                      H~12 km
                                                          /
                      V~M0.8                  /    /


Figure 15. Air-to-Space Concept: Appropriate rotation and translation of a high-energy laser
beam, emanating from a moving aircraft, guides and propels a Lightcraft toward a nearly
head-on collision with an incoming ballistic missile; intermittently, the laser illuminates the
target for guidance updates and for terminal semi-active seeker homing and end-game
maneuvering C26 l.


ASSUMED LASER AND LIGHTCRAFT LIMITATIONS

Beamed power levels achievable with envisioned high-energy laser technology are
assumed to be no more than about 10 MW for ground/sea-based lasers, and no more
than about 2.0 MW for the much lighter and smaller airborne lasers installable on
Boeing 74 7, B- 1 Lancer, or C- 130 subsonic aircraft. Lightcraft takeoff masses no more
than about 20 kg can be accelerated to orbital velocities by maximum ground/sea­
based laser power levels, and Lightcraft takeoff masses no more than about 4 kg to 8
kg, depending on the magnitude of velocity and acceleration needed, can be
accelerated to very high velocities by the lower allowable masses and power levels of
airborne lasers.

LIGHTCRAFT TRAJECTORY AND MISSION LIMITATIONS

Identified trajectory and mission limitations l261 are:

   • Small allowable angle between centerlines of the laser beam and Lightcraft
      vehicle axes before significant thrust reduction occurs.
   • Small allowable angles-of-attack (angle between Lightcraft centerline and velocity
      vector) before significant thrust reduction occurs.
   • Limited capability for engaging multiple missile or aircraft threats in allowable
      time interval because of relatively long laser beam-riding time against each
      threat.
Additional Lightcraft hardware needed for some tactical missions (26 1 include:

28
                  UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFIEiIAL ~81!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE O14Lf

   • Termina l seeker guidance for hit-to-kill accuracy against missiles and
     maneuvering aircraft.
   • Axial-/lateral-propulsion and control for missile and maneuvering aircraft
     interception.
   • Additional mass along Lightcraft centerline for hardened target penetration.

LIGHTCRAFT MISSION INVESTIGATIONS: SUMMARY AND
CONCLUSIONS

Ground/Sea to Space (ETO) t 26 l

If laser propulsion can provide nearly all Lightcraft /lv needed to reach LEO, then
Lightcraft nanosat systems, which combine both launch vehicle and nanosat
subsystems within a single vehicle, may be achievab le with launch masses in the 2 kg
to 10 kg ra nge; and such Lightcraft nanosat systems appear capable of reaching LEO at
1/S th to 1/10th the cost required using multistage chemical rocket systems.

Air to Space (Air to Orbit) t26 l

If hypersonic magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) airbreathing propulsion research and
development currently underway at the NSF, NASA and the AFRL (Dayton, OH) is
successful, then Lig htcraft dry masses as heavy as 100 kg can be launched from
aircraft flying at Mach 10 to 12 at about 30 km above the Earth . Such Lightcraft could
be propelled by laser power as high as 100 MW that can be generated from the
electrical power of ionized-air-slowing by interacting electric and magnetic fields within
hypersonic MHD airbreathing engines.

Air to Space (Ballistic Missile Interception) t 26 J

Sufficient impact energy for destruction of high-speed ballistic missiles above the
atmosphere is possible with chemical propulsion and uncooled IR detectors (for semi­
active homing and axial/lateral acceleration during end-game) integrated into Lightcraft
vehicles for an approximate 100% dry mass increase (from 1.0 kg to 2.0 kg). But
multiple target interception within allowable time is limited by relatively long beam ­
riding time needed for the Lightcraft to reach and destroy each target.

Although laser-propelled Lightcraft appear capable of performing certain Air Force
tactical missions, and are much less expensive than missiles currently used for such
missions, the laser and aircraft costs associated with Lig htcraft launches are much
greater. Also, clouds impair Lig htcraft air-to-ground and air-to-air effectiveness while
air-to-air and air-to-space effectiveness is limited by long Lightcraft beam -riding times.
Thus, no truly attractive Lightcraft combat mission was found. On the other hand,
Lightcraft were found to be extremely attractive, compared to chemical rockets, in
boosting microsats, nanosats, and picosats to LEO whereby the Lightcraft plus
ground/sea-based laser costs are significantly less than multistage chemical rocket
costs. Thus, the selected Lightcraft missions are launch vehicle missions involving


                                                                                          29
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


ground, sea and air launches of Lightcraft to LEO with air launch occurring at either
subsonic or hyperson ic speed.

Lightcraft Ground/Sea to Space Investigation

The current Air Force Lightcraft vehicle concept has been designed for not only placing
nanosats into LEO at low cost (Figure 14 ), but also for performing much of the nanosat
function as well. In this concept the precision optics system that focuses ground/sea­
based laser light into t he Lightcraft's cowl area for propulsion is also used as a space
telescope for viewing military targets on Earth and in space. And structural panels on
the Lightcraft forebody are also used as solar panels that are unfurled in orbit for
generation of satellite power. Thus, the current Lightcraft's design allocates only 0.1 kg
of its 1.0 kg dry mass for exclusively nanosat functions. There is a military need for 1.0
kg to 2.0 kg nanosats with optical sensors for visual inspection of unknown objects in
space and on Earth.

Since conventiona l expendable rockets could conceivably be an alternative to laser­
powered Lightcraft for the rapid placement of military nanosats in LEO, a cursory
comparison of Lightcraft and conventiona l rockets was made by Froning and Davis [26]
to get some idea of their comparative costs. Hybrid rocket sizing and costing was
based upon tactical strategic missile sizing and costing information possessed by H. D.
Froning . Th is information related costs (in 1982 dollars) to rocket and payload
characteristics. Lightcraft sizing assumed a propellant mass fraction of 0.5 and 1.0 MW
of laser power per pou nd of payload (dry mass) placed into orbit. Costs for laser power
and refurbishment were based upon AFRL estimates (amortized over a fewer number of
flights). Although these Lightcraft and laser costs are higher (based upon much fewer
flights) than those of previous AFRL estimates, they are believed to be consistent with
the conventional rocket costs, and therefore applicable for relative cost comparisons.
More detail ed future Lightcraft/conventional rocket designs and cost comparisons are,
of course, needed before a strong argument can be made for either design.

Shown in Table 2 is the estimated performance and weights (masses) for 3-stage
hybrid rocket launch vehicles and single-stage laser-powered launch vehicles that are
capable of placing nanosats of 1.0 kg, 5.0 kg, and 10 kg into LEO. And Table 3 shows
estimated costs for hybrid rockets and laser-powered Lightcraft assuming 100 flights
over a 10-year period. These estimated costs indicate that Lightcraft could boost
nanosats in the 2.0 kg to 5.0 kg range into LEO at about 1/l0 t h to 1/5th the cost of
expendable rockets. But Lightcraft cost superiority over conventional rockets is less
overwhelming for satellites that are significantly heavier. Thus Lig htcraft appear
extremely attractive for satellite delivery missions only if Lightcraft dry masses,
including the satell ites being carried, are less than about 5.0 kg.


30
                 UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
             UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf

Table 2. Performance and Estimated Weights for a Hybrid Rocket and
                          Lightcraft [ 26 1,

     Hybrid Rocket E1pendible Launch Vehicle - Assumed Performance and Estimated Weights


        Payload Mass (kg)                 1.00                5.00              10.0

        3 rd Stage Wt. (kg)               36.8                71.2              108

        3rd Stage Isp (s)                 295                295                295

        Propellant Fraction               .737               .766               .782

        Impulsive Velocity (km/s)         3.62               3.62               3.62

        2".. Stage Wt. (kg)               283                311                341

        211c1 Stage lsp (s)               300                300                300

        Propellant Fraction               .800                .814              .830

       Impulsive Velocity (km/s)          3.58                3.58              3.58

        1" Stage Wt. (kg)                 394                 427               462

        1" Stage lsp (s)                  305                 305               305

       Propellant Fraction                .860                .868              .891

       Impulsive Velocity (km/s)          1.92                1.92              1.92

       Total Velocity (km/s)              9.12                9.12              9.12

       Total Weight (kg)                  715                 815               921


    Lightcraft Expendable Launch Vehicle-Assumed Performance and Estimated Weights


     Payload Mass (kg)                    1.00               5.00               10.0

     Stage Wt (kg)                        2.00               10.0               20.0

     Effective Isp (s)                    1,452              1,452              1,452

     Propellant Fraction                  .500               .500               .500

     lmpusive Velocity (km/s)            9.84                9.84               9.84


                                                                                           31
             UNCLASSIFIED'
                         I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAL USE O14Lf


Table 3. Estimated Costs for Hybrid Rocket and Lightcraft Launch Vehicles for
ETO Flight l 26 l.
                                              100 Flights


            3-Stage Hybrid Rocket           1.0 kg            5.0 kg           10 kg
                Launch Vehicle             Payload           Payload          Payload


                 Payload($)                 24,948            124,740         250,128

                 Boosters ($)               399,503           440,927         477,131

                 Integration ($)            96,163            101,441         123,941

                 Total($)                   520,615           667,108         851,200


             Lightcraft Vehicle.+            1.0kg             5.0 kg          10 kg
             Ground Based Laser             Payload           Payload         Payload


               Lightcraft ($)                24,948            124,740        250,128

               Lightcraft Fuel {$)           2,495             12,474         25,013

               Laser Power ($)               500              2,500           5,000

               Laser Refurb. ($)            3,000             3,000           3,000

               Total($)                     30,943             142,714        283,141


               Rocketcraft Cost
                                             16.82               4.67           3.00
               Lightcraft Cost


                                       1982 dollars multiplied by 1.62
                                   (2.7% annual inflation) for 2000 dollars


32
                     UNCLASSIFIED,'fFOA QFFISIAL 1!181!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf

Lightcraft Air to Space Investigation

One Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) mission already being investigated by the Air Force
for high-power airborne laser systems is the focusing of their intense beam energy on
enemy ballistic missiles over dwell times sufficient to heat missile materials to high
temperature thus causing structural failure. Another BMD mission that involves high­
power airborne laser systems was exam in ed during this investigation (see Figure 15).
This mission entails ballistic missile destruction above the atmosphere during the
missile's unpowered descent phase of flight. In this case, it is envisioned that the high­
pulsed power within high-energy laser beams would first be used to rapidly examine
each object within the incoming threat cloud and, based on each threat -object's
response, discriminate warhead-carrying vehicles from lighter decoys and non­
threatening debris. Next the pulsed power within the high-energy laser beam would
guide a Lightcraft to the warhead-carrying vehicles while accelerating the Lightcraft to
the flight velocity needed for warhead veh icle destruction by kinetic energy kill. And
intermittently during the trajectory, the laser illuminates the warhead vehicle instead of
the Lightcraft for guidance updates and terminal semi-active seeker homing.

Threats from space, other than ballistic missiles, were mentioned in the Rumsfeld 2001
Space Commission Report [27]. One threat to U.S. space assets specifically cited was
microwave signal-jamming from relatively unsophisticated and inexpensive enemy
satellites [28]. Eliminating such satellite threats has not been examined in detail, but
they could be rapidly eliminated by air-to-space Lightcraft, if sufficiently precise
azimuth and elevation information can be obtained to point Lightcraft lasers at the
jammers.

"Hit-to-kill" accuracy and high impact energy requires Lightcraft maneuvering such that
ballistic missile intercept occurs at relatively small angles from a head-on collision
course. Tables 4 and 5 show the influence of such angles, together with Lightcraft
velocity and enemy ballistic missile velocity, on Lightcraft impact energy and required
mass. It is seen in both tables that intercept angles up to 45° from head-on collision
courses do not significantly influence Lightcraft impact energy or required mass; that
high Lightcraft impact energies are achieved with relatively low masses (1.0 kg); and
that required Lightcraft masses for relatively high impact energies (10 MJ) are very low
for Lightcraft velocities in the 2 km/sec to 4 km/sec range. It is also seen that the
interception of longer range ballistic missile threats results in higher collision energy for
a given Lightcraft mass and speed. That is because the higher entry speed of longer­
range missiles contributes more collision velocity (target plus Lightcraft velocity
component along the target velocity vector).

This BMD air-to-space mission appears to be more favorable for Lightcraft than air-to­
ground/sea or air-to-air missions, which are not considered here because they are
beyond the scope of this report. This mission results in higher altitude flight where
atmospheric propagation losses of laser beams are lower, and in higher impact
velocities for higher Lightcraft impact energy or lower mass. But like air-to-air
missions, BMD would require semi-active terminal guidance using uncooled IR detectors
and chemical rocket thrusters for end-game maneuvering to ensure hit-to-kill accuracy.
It is therefore estimated that the air-to-space Lightcraft dry mass would be about the
same as the air-to-air Lightcraft (approximately 2.0 kg). This particular Lightcraft


                                                                                           33
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                     UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAL USE 014Lf


system, like the air-to-air one, has reduced capability if an enemy ca n achieve nea rly
simultaneous arriva l times for all of its ballistic missiles. If so, then a Lig htcraft BMD
system would have t o serve as an adjunct to ot her BMD systems, such as the ground­
based PAC-3 Patriot, THAADS, or NMD which are deployed for nat ional or theat er
ballist ic missile defense. However, this system could protect regions agai nst limited
ballistic missi le att acks at the earliest phase of hostilities before ground-based BMD
systems cou ld arrive and be deployed.

Table 4. Influence of Target Velocity and Intercept Angle on Impact Energy
and Required Mass [261.

                                        Impact              Ballistic Missile Threat
           Lightcraft    Lightcraft
                                        Energy       -SRBM--IRBM--ICBM-
           Intercept     Intercept
                                         and          R~l000 km R~2500km R~l0,000 km
           Velocity       Aspect
                                        Weight         V=l km/s      V=4 km/s     V=6km/s

                                      Impact E for
                          0° from                       25MJ        49MJ        81 MJ
                                       1.0 kg Wt.
                          Bead-on
                          Collision    Wt for 10       .40kg        .20 kg      .12 kg
                                       MJofE
                                      Impact E for                              74MJ
                          30° from                     21 MJ        44MJ
                                       1.0 kg Wt.
            3 km/s        Bead-on
                          Collision    Wt. For 10                   .23 kg
                                                       .47 kg                  .14 kg
                                        MJofE
                                      Impact E for
                          45° from                     17MJ        37MJ         66MJ
                                       1.0 kg Wt.
                          Bead-on
                          Collision    Wt. for 10                              .15 kg
                                                       .59 kg       .27kg
                                       MJofE


34
                     UNCLASSIFIED,'fFOA QFFISIAL 1!181!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAE USE O14Lf

Table 5. Influence of Lightcraft and Target Velocity on Impact Energy and
Required Mass [ 26 1.


                                        Impact             Ballistic Missile Threat
            Ligbtcraft   Lightcraft
                                        Energy       -SRBM--IRBM--ICBM-
            Intercept    Intercept
                                         and          R-1000 km R-2500 km R-10,000 km
             Aspect      Velocity
                                        Weight         V=2 km/s      V=4 km/s     V=6km/s

                                      Impact E for
                                                       16MJ         36MJ        64MJ
                                       1.0 kg Wt.
                           2 km/s
                                       Wt for 10                    .28kg       .16 kg
                                                       .63 kg
                                       MJofE
                                      Impact E for
            0° from                                    25MJ         49MJ        81 MJ
                                       1.0 kg Wt.
            Bead-on        3 km/s
            Collision                  Wt. For 10                              .12 kg
                                                       .40 kg       .20kg
                                        MJofE
                                      Impact E for
                                                       36MJ        64MJ        lOOMJ
                                       1.0 kg Wt.
                          4 km/s
                                       Wt. for 10
                                                       .28 kg       .16 kg      .JOkg
                                       MJofE


RECOMMENDED LIGHTCRAFT MISSIONS FOR BALLISTIC MISSILE
DEFENSE

Laser-powered Lightcraft, flown on air-to-space trajectories, show much promise for
performing exo-atmospheric BMD missions, especially if the laser can also be used to
discriminate warhead-carrying vehicles from decoys and non-threatening debris. Such
Lightcraft also appear capable of eliminating enemy satellites in LEO, if the Lightcraft
laser can illuminate them. But a significant effort would be required to analyze the
engagement scenarios for such a system, and fully investigate the decoy discrimination
and satellite tracking capabilities of the Lightcraft's pulsed laser and the hit-to-kill
guidance requirements for the Lightcraft itself.

Locating lasers and Lightcraft on existing aircraft, such as the Boeing 747, B-1 Lancer,
or C-130, appears to be an attractive alternative to ground/sea-based laser Lightcraft
systems. In this case, airborne laser beams at 12 km altitude will not suffer the
significant propagation losses that occur when guiding and propelling Lightcraft through
the lower atmosphere, and greater Lightcraft flight range should therefore be
achievable. (The increase in laser range, due to reduced propagation losses, for high
altitude operation will be somewhat diminished because of the smaller allowable
apertures on aircraft-mounted laser optics, which are on the order of 1.0 m as
compared to apertures on the order of 10.0 m for large ground/sea-based laser
installations.) Furthermore, airborne laser Lightcraft systems possess much greater
operational flexibility since their carrier aircraft can fly over significant distances to
reach desired launch locations, and can be based at almost any major Air Force facility


                                                                                            35
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                  UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE O14Lf


that has runways of reasonable length. An air-launched Lightcraft launch vehicle
mission, involving the transport of lasers and Lightcraft on medium-sized bombers or
transport aircraft, is also recommended if additional funding would become available.

FUTURE NANO-/PICO-SATELLITE MISSION CONCEPTS

Coherently cooperating "swarms" are a novel innovation for replaci ng structures with
information by placing many formation-flown small satellites into a loose "swarm" and
cause them to cooperate coherently. This is very different from the so-called
distributed small satellite LEO constellations currently pursued in which individua l small
spacecraft perform essentially the same functions as larger satellites but at lower
spacecraft mass (or weight) and cost. These smaller spacecraft can be proliferated to
provide greater geographical coverage for the same cost. The lower mass also saves
launch costs, so the total system costs less for the same function performed with larger
spacecraft.

In contrast, the swarms, as described in the following sections, cooperate coherently
and form a real distributed system in which the whole is more t han the sum of the
parts. A generic description would be a constellation of small spacecraft each
performing its separate function, but t hese functions combine to create at a central
location a much larger virtual spacecraft, or sensor aperture, that exists solely because
of the cooperation of the spacecraft. The following sections provide several examples
of the implementation of such systems in which each of a large number of small
satellites in a swarm or other constellation will radiate or receive signals and combine
them in phase, or coherently, regardless of their actual location in orbit. This creates
coherent RF or optical apertures that are essentially unlimited in size.

Each satellite's position is only crudely station kept, and the satellites adjust the time
delay or phase delay of the signals they repeat to compensate for their position errors,
causing their repeated signals to add coherently at a collection point. This technique
can be easily applied to RF transmitters and receivers, and with more demanding
accuracy to optical transmitters and receivers. The result in either case is a large
"swarm" or loose constellation of satellites that act as one large antenna or optical
array, even though they are separate and their positions are neither constant nor lie
along a parabola or plane in space. The individual satellites can be as simple as one­
element flying chips or as complex as today's self-contained sensing spacecraft of
various sizes.

The advantage of coherently cooperating distributed systems is that they can form
sparse RF antennas and optica l sensors with diameters so large that they would be
impossible to implement with filled apertures even if formed with adaptive membranes;
and have orders of magnitude smaller mass. The re lative locations of individual
spacecraft in the swarm can be controlled by MEMS FEEP propulsion, tethers, or by
cleverly conceived orbits in which the elements of the array appear to orbit a common
center within it, thus eliminating the need to use propulsion at least for first order
station keeping.


36
                  UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAE USE O14Lf

These array functions can be made coherent over very great distances. RF antennas
with sizes of hundreds of kilometers and optical telescopes of hundreds of meters
diameter can be formed. These systems can enable new capabilities not possible with
single spacecraft either acting alone, as a proliferated but non-coherent constellation,
or as relays for each other. Formed of nanosats and picosats, such swarms will contain
so many spacecraft that the economics of true mass production will come into play in
space for the first time, greatly reducing the cost of producing the system. In addition,
these systems feature the advantages of truly distributed satellite systems, including
fault tolerance, robustness, survivability, reconfigurability by software, and the ability
to be incrementally emplaced and upgraded as budgets are available.

These swarms can be implemented in a cost effective manner using laser propulsion for
both launch and orbital insertion. However, the system designs described in the
following sections are flexible enough to allow for the use of alternative conventional
launch vehicle technologies. The technologies to produce these swarms and their
constituent nanosats or picosats probably can be demonstrated by 2015 and deployed
in space by 2020.

The following concepts were provided via the voluminous research notes, lectures, and
briefings provided courtesy of I. Bekey.

ROTATING PICOSAT SWARM ARRAY RADIO FREQUENCY COLLECTOR

An unconventional, large sparse antenna array RF collector spacecraft with a small
surface footprint even when deployed in geosynchronous Earth orbit (GEO) separates
different sources in proximity and also detects weak signals. Its implementation would
result in a highly desirable, long dwell RF emitter detection capability.

At the heart of this system is a large antenna that is formed by a swarm of tiny
elements that make up the lens of a space-fed array with no structure. The antenna is
a sparse, self-cohering array formed from a large number of picosats rotating (in
relative coordinates) in a plane around a central orbital point in GEO. The picosats are
self-contained repeater spacecraft. Each one receives the ground signal, delays it, and
retransmits the signal so that it arrives at the feeds at the same time as a direct ray
through the center of the array. The time delay of each picosat is self computed based
on its location in the swarm, as measured by a local differential global positioning
system (DGPS)-like navigation signal, to compensate for its deviation from its assigned
ideal location. Each picosat digitizes, delays, frequency shifts, and retransmits its
received signals independently, causing an in-phase composite signal from the ground
to be received at the feeds.

The relative positions of these picosat elements change slowly, and only small and
infrequent propulsive maneuvers are needed for constellation maintenance. A tether
along the local vertical at the central point holds the receivers and DGPS-like reference
at the focus against a counterweight. A pseudorandom distribution of the picosats
suppresses the antenna grating lobes, and intensive computation greatly reduces much
of the remaining sidelobes, creates multiple beams, and steers the ensemble of the
individual beams anywhere on Earth. The antenna system will function with far fewer
elements as a more sparse array, though with limited sensitivity. This system can be

                                                                                        37
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O61ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE O14Lf


incrementally emplaced, upgraded, and even funded with capability growing as budget
is available, as opposed to the usual all-or-nothing functioning of today's spacecraft.

The antenna size is 20 km x 40 km and contains 150,000 picosats, each of which
weighs 23 grams. The feed array is held in position by a 50 km long, lightweight tether
against a counterweight. There is no truss or other structure. Each picosat is gravity­
gradient stable, has a dipole array facing Earth, and a broader beam antenna array
facing the receivers.

The effective collecting aperture of the array is equal to that of an equivalent 80 m
diameter filled aperture antenna. The coverage spot diameter can be varied by
choosing the diameter of the array that is active, with spot sizes on Earth as small as
30 m at 10 GHz, 300 m at 1 GHz, or 3 km at 100 MHz. It can receive sub-watt signals
from individual cell phones. The entire constellation weighs 3,500 kg, but that could be
reduced in the future to 35 kg if Buckytubes are used to construct the system .

HIGH RESOLUTION SURFACE SAMPLING RADIOMETRY

Highly sensitive radiometry at low microwave frequencies with a small ground foot-print
would result in high resolution microwave radiometry sampling maps of soil moisture
and other surface characteristics, as well as passively detected larger targets. The
constellation/array implementation follows that of the preceding concept (Future Nano­
/Pico-Satellite Mission Concepts section), except that it is designed to map the surface
radiation rather than detect discrete emitters. The antenna size is 8 km x 12 km and
contains 12,000 picosats, each of which weighs 23 grams. The feed array is held in
position by a 40 km long, lightweight tether against a counterweight. The constellation
scans its coverage spot electronically in a 1,200 km zig-zag swath from its 4,000 km
orbit by modulating the time or frequency shift of the ensemble of picosats. These
picosats are similar to those in the Rotating Picosat Swarm Array Radio Frequency
Collector section.

The effective collecting aperture of the array is the sum of those of the picosats, and in
this example, equal to that of an equivalent 11 m diameter antenna. However, the
coverage spot diameter is set by the total aperture diameter of 8 km x 12 km, and
thus is 100 m at 1 GHz. Five constellation/arrays would result in a 5 hour global revisit
with zig-zag coverage of the scanned swaths. The entire constellation weighs 3,000 kg,
but that could be reduced in the future to 30 kg if Buckytubes are used to construct the
system.

HIGH RESOLUTION SURFACE MAPPING RADIOMETRY

Highly sensitive radiometry at low microwave frequencies with a very small foot-print
on the ground would result in high resolution microwave rad iometry maps of soil
moisture and other surface characteristics and passively detected larger targets, with
100% of Earth's surface mapped with a 5 hour revisit time. The principle of operation
is the same as that of the previous concept (High Resolution Surface Sampling
Radiometry section), except that a multiple element detector array is used in a


38
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA QFFH31AL ~81!! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAE USE 014Lf

pushbroom scanning mode for complete Earth coverage rather than only sampling
coverage.

The constellation/array implementation is similar to that of the preceding concept (High
Resolution Surface Sampling Radiometry section), except that tethers hold a receiving
array that must be 2 km long to obtain the 1,200 km instantaneous swath width with a
resolution of 100 m. It consists of a 2 km long focal surface with 12,000 printed
dipoles, shaped into a focal surface by gravity gradient forces balanced against
magnetic forces from a superconducting conductor around its periphery, acting on a
piezoelectric, electron beam-shaped, adaptive membrane substrate. The large antenna
is formed by a swarm of tiny elements making up the lens of a space-fed array.

The antenna is a 4 km x 6 km diameter, sparse, self-cohering array formed from
12,000 picosats weighing 23 grams each, rotating in relative coordinates in a plane
around a central orbit point. The picosats are similar to those of the preceding concept
(High Resolution Surface Sampling Radiometry section). Their locations are initially
selected to lie in a plane, and their spacings are pseudorandom to minimize the
sidelobe levels, with each picosat designed to loosely stationkeep inside a box 10 m on
a side. The relative positions of these picosat elements changes slowly, and only small
and infrequent stationkeeping propulsive maneuvers are needed for constellation
maintenance.

The effective collecting aperture of the array is the sum of those of the picosats, and in
this concept, equal to that of an equivalent 6 m diameter antenna at 2 GHz . However,
the coverage spot diameter is set by the total aperture diameter of 4 km x 6 km, and
thus is 100 m at 2 GHz from a 4,000 km orbit. Five constellation/arrays would produce
100% global coverage with 5 hour revisit for time critical measurements. The entire
constellation weighs 3,000 kg, but that could be reduced in the future to 30 kg if
Buckytubes are used to construct the system.

ROTATING NANOSAT SWARM DISTRIBUTED RADAR

An extremely powerful space-based radar, this concept would allow detection of most
air, land, sea, and space targets, as well as many "low observable" targets anywhere,
with one or a few constellations in GEO. A large, sparse array antenna using a swarm
of nanosats creates a space-based radar system. The constellation/array
implementation is similar to that of the preceding rotating swarm concepts, except that
it generates and radiates extremely large peak and average powers, and given the
generally high angles of viewing can detect and track many air, space, and surface
targets from GEO.

The constellation is composed of 10,000 nanosats that are self-contained repeater
spacecraft weighing about 1 kg each. Each nanosat receives the ground signal,
digitizes, delays, and retransmits it, causing it to arrive at the feeds at the same time
as a direct ray through the center of the array. The time delay of each nanosat is self
computed based on its location in the swarm, as measured by a loca l DGPS-like
navigation signal, to compensate for its deviation from its assigned ideal location.
Commands for beam sweep delays are superimposed on the time delays of each
nanosat. Each nanosat generates 10 W of average power and 10 kW peak power at


                                                                                            39
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                  UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


0.001 duty cycle, has a helical film antenna that increases its gain and doubles as a
solar sail for infrequent stationkeeping maneuvers, and has a tether for coarse gravity
gradient stabilization. A 50 km tether supports the feed, transmitter, and DGPS
reference assembly against a counterweight. The antenna lens is 2 km x 4 km.

The effective area of the array is the same as that of a 50 m diameter filled aperture.
The total effective RF radiated power of the system is 3 GW peak and 3 MW average.
Although specific performance calculations have not been done for this concept, these
powers are so large that the radar should have the sensitivity from its location in GEO
for detecting and tracking many targets simultaneously and most "low observable"
targets as well because they are all designed and oriented so as to have their low
observables in near-horizontal directions. Three constellations would provide
essentially complete global coverage. The entire constellation weighs about 11,000 kg
in GEO (this could be reduced in the future to 110 kg if Buckytubes are used to
construct the system) and can be emplaced and replaced incrementally using laser­
powered Lightcraft launch vehicles or even small conventional launch vehicles. It could
even be funded incrementally.

Simple, Distributed, Hyperspectral Sensor

This concept presents an unconventional method of implementing a hyperspectral
sensor of great spectral and spatial resolution. Its implementation would allow the
detection of very many spectral intervals simultaneously, and it has a small field of view
from GEO so that the instrument can dwell on and resolve particular targets of interest.
It also has a large field of regard so that one spacecraft covers a significant fraction of a
hemisphere.

The concept uses a Fresnel zone plate, wh ich is oriented roughly parallel to the local
horizontal just below GEO. It is supported by a tether that extends well above the GEO
altitude, and may or may not have a counterweight at the top end . The gravity
gradient causes the ensemble to remain Earth pointing along the local vertical, with its
center of mass in GEO.

The Fresnel zone plate has a long focal length, and thus the surface and ring locations
can be imprecise compared with conventional optics. In addition, the lens is a thin film
membrane and will be light and inexpensive. It is highly frequency dispersive, and thus
its focal length is a sensitive function of wavelength. Small, self-contained optical
sensor nanosats are placed on the tether at many locations with each nanosat's optics
filtered for response at only that narrow spectral region focused at its distance from the
lens. The nanosats can transmit directly to the ground or their signals can be combined
in one transceiver, also on the tether.

This system has a 100 km long tether, which weighs only a few kilograms in GEO. The
Fresnel zone plate is 100 m in diameter, has a collecting aperture equivalent to a 30 m
filled aperture, and requires only a surface accuracy of centimeters in the visible light
region. It is constructed of thin film with deposited aluminum rings and is an adaptive
piezoelectric membrane kept flat by an electron beam in response to an optical figure
sensor. MEMS FEEP thrusters are at the sensor's periphery for attitude control, with


40
                  UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
                UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf

1,000 nanosats attached to the tether. Each nanosat is a self-contained optical sensor
spacecraft, integrated into a 0.1 kg package. The sensor thus detects 1,000
wavelengths simultaneously. The sensor has a resolution as small as 40 cm on the
ground from GEO. Its field of view can be scanned over an area by tilting the ensemble
using MEMS FEEP thrusters on the nanosats, or libration modes can be excited in the
tether so that the field of view scans across a 2,000 km coverage area in a quasi­
random mode, eventually covering the entire area. These thrusters also serve for
stationkeeping. Its total weight is less than 900 kg in orbit, which can be reduced in
the future to 9 kg if Buckytubes are used to construct the system.


                                                                                    41
                UNCLASSIFIED'
                            I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE O14Lf


Chapter 4: Summary of Multi-Megawatt Laser Study for
Lightcraft Propulsion Applications
SUMMARY OF LASER STUDY PERFORMED BY TEXTRON SYSTEMS

In 2002, V. Hasson (TEXTRON Systems Corporation) conducted a study of candidate
multi-megawatt laser systems for laser Lightcraft propulsion [29].


Candidate high-power/high-energy lasers identified in the study:

     • Carbon Dioxide (CO2) Laser: technical issues include large wavelength and
       atmospheric absorption of the laser beam.
     • Carbon Monoxide (CO) Laser: technical issues include large wavelength,
       atmospheric absorption of the laser beam, and toxicity of the lasing fuel (CO
       gas).
     • Hydrogen Fluoride (HF) or Deuterium Fluoride (DF) Laser: technical issues include
       atmospheric absorption of the laser beam, corrosive lasing fuel chemicals, pulse
       energy, running cost, and beam quality.
     • Chemical Oxygen-Iodine Laser (COIL): technical issues include fuel chemicals,
       pulse energy, and running costs.
     • Bulk Slab Solid-State Laser (BSSSL): technical issues include cost, average
       power, and run duration.

The first four gas dynamic and chemical laser candidates have already demonstrated
megawatt-class average beam output power. The study then reviewed the
development, testing and operational legacy of the first candidate laser technology,
which included a review of the various system architectures that use other gas mixtures
combined with CO2. The study recommended a new design for a 10 MW (beam output
power) electron gun-driven CO2/gas mixture laser because this technology does not
require additional R&D and can be implemented now. The other gases selected for the
lasing fuel are N2 and H2, which, in combination with CO2, offer superior performance
over systems using helium.

However, very recent technologically disruptive innovations led to the 10-fold increase
in the beam output power of bulk slab SSLs and their newly emergent solid-state
cousin, called high-power fiber lasers, which has made these devices more competitive
with high-power chemical and gas dynamic lasers on the basis of average beam power,
peak beam power, electrical wall plug and optical efficiencies, cost, complexity, mass,
and size. Free-electron lasers are another class of laser technology that was not
reviewed by Hasson, but recent technological innovations are accelerating their
development to the point where their present average beam output power of 20 kW will
be increased to 100 kW or higher within the next 12 to 24 months following the
publication of this report. The output beams of several of these laser devices can be
optically combined to produce a single beam with megawatt-class average output
power. It is for this reason that we will summarize their technology in Summary of
Emergent High-Power Solid-State and Free-Electron Laser Technologies section.


42
                  UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


An outline of the conceptual design features of the proposed 10 MW electron gun-driven
CO2/gas mixture laser is [29]:
   • Scalability of total beam output power, beam combining concept.
   • Power oscillator or master oscillator-power amplifier (MOPA) design.
   • Unstable optical resonator cavity with grating and rotating mirrors beam-combine
     techniques.
   • Flow and gas handling system with blow down and exhaust to the atmosphere.
   • Acoustics suppression with expansion horn downstream and anode muffler.
In this concept there are four separate laser transmitters each generating 2.5 MW
output beams that are combined into a single 10 MW output beam. The oscillator
parameters for each beam transmitter are [29]:
   • Energy loading, Ep: Ep = 300 J (higher loadings at reduced gas temperature);
     gain volume= 0.27 m 3 (x 4 lasers); A to K = 0.3 m; gain length = 3 m.
   • Specific laser output = 65 J/1.
   • Estimated extraction efficiency = 20%.
   • Pulse repetition rate: 125 Hz@ 20µs.
   • Laser power, P = 2.5 MW/beam x 4 beams = 10 MW.
   • Laser energy per pulse = 18 kJ/beam x 4 beams = 72 kJ.
   • Output wavelengths: 10.6 µm, 10.2 µm, 9.6 µm, and 9.3 µm (mixed).
   • Gas mixture ratio (for N2:CO2:H2): 3:1:0.08.
   • Gas pressure = 1.013 x 105 Pa (or 1 atmosphere).
   • Flash factor = 1.3.
The optical resonator cavity and optical components specifications are [29]:
   •   Resonator type: confocal unstable with rotating mirrors beam combining.
   •   Magnification, M = 4.
   •   Cavity length, L = 36.5 m.
   •   Equivalent Fresnel number = 3.4.
   •   Cavity end mirrors radius of curvature: RMirrorl = 97.3 m (concave), RMirror2 = 24.3
       m (convex).
   •   Gain cell: volume = 0.3 x 0.3 x 3.0 m 3 , length = 3 m.
   •   Beam combine mirrors: 75 x 75 cm 2 flat (30 x 30 cm 2 apertures) @ "' = 10.59
       µm.
   •   Low pressure hot cell: 0.3 to 0.5 GHz suppression near line center.
   •   Output scraper mirror: D = 0.075 m (taped).
See Figure 16 and Figure 17 for schematics of the power oscillator optics and the MOPA.
The laser operation requirements for the gas flow system are (see Figure 18) [29]:
   • Flow System: blow down.
   • Gain Section
        • Cross-section, A = 0.3 m x 3.0 m = 0.9 m 2.
        • Volume, V = 0.3 m x 0.3 m x 3.0 m = 0.27 m 3 •
        • Flow speed, u = 50 m/sec (@ 125 Hz & flash factor= 1.3).
        • Dynamic pressure, ~P = 2000 Pa (or 0.02 atmospheres).
        • Mass flow rate, Q = 60 kg/sec per module (45 m 3/sec std).
        • Run time, t = 300 seconds


                                                                                        43
                  UNCLASSIFIED'
                              I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAL USE O14Lf


                • Total mass flow rate, Qtota1 = 240 kg/sec [for a total (run time) mass of
                  72 metric tons].
     • Plenum Chamber
          • Volume, V = 0.5 m x 3.0 m x 1.5 m = 2.25 m 3 .
          • Static pressure, P = 2.02 x 105 Pa (or 2 atmospheres).
          • Son ic orifice plate perforation = 17. 5%.
          • Flow screen loss > 0.2 to 0.3.
          • Skin friction loss ~ 0.08.
     • Gas Storage Tank
          • Run time = 300 seconds & 4 to 5 runs.
          • Pressure, P = 2.066 x 107 Pa (or 200 atmospheres).
          • Volume, V = 68 m 3 x 4.
     • Acoustics Suppression
          • Pumping induced medium homogeneity, LlP/P = 0.94@ Ep = 300 J/1.
          • Acoustic suppression
               • Flow direction: expansion horn provides impedance match eliminating
                  reflection of pressure waves.
               • Normal to flow direction: using acoustics muffler to dump out
                  transverse pressure waves.
               • Muffler requirements: attenuation factor< 0.55; number of bounces
                  between pulses n = 8.


                                                 AM

                                                                           SP


                         I-·                                                     ·-I
                                                                                  M2
                       Ml


        End Mirrors : Ml Concave (Rl =97m)               Cavity Length : 36.Sm
                       M2 Convex ( R2=24m)               Gain Length : 3m
        Magnification : M=4                              Aperture : 0.3 0.3 m
        Output Scraper: SP 36x36 cm (outer)
                            7.Sx7.5 cm (inner)
        Acoustic Muffler : AM
        Electrodes : E

Figure 16. Schematic of Power Oscillator Optics c29 1_


44
                     UNCLASSIFIED,'fFOA QFFISIAL 1!181!! 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


                                          M


            Ml
                 I-·-·
          faster O cillal r
                                          It: - Gun
                                                                                     M2


                                          E-Gun


                                                                              3


                                                                    SP: Output Scraper
                                                                    I T : Optical Isolator
                                                                    M3 : Turning Flat
          Power Am lifier                                           OE : Beam xpan ion Optics
                                               E-Gun : Electron Gun      & Interface
                                                                    MI, M2 : End Mirrors
                                                                     AM : cou tic Muffler

Figure 17. Schematic of MOPA C29 1.


                                                                                   PO

               Ga Tank                l
                               Flow control
                                  Valve          Plenum Chamber Gain cell Gas exit horn


                     Gas Pressure :                             Gas Physica l Parameters:
                      Pl = 150 Ahn                            Mixture: N2:CO2:H2 (3 :1:0.08)
                     P2 = 2 - 2.5 Atm                             a = 271 m/s (acoustics)
                   PO= 1 Atm (ambieut)                             M = 0.18 (Mach No)
                 Flow peed : 50 m/s (gain)                               m=31.5 g
                                                                    Den ity = 1.3 kg/m3

Figure 18. Schematic of the Laser N2'C02'H2 Gas Flow System c29 1,


                                                                                                45
                    UNCLASSIFIED'
                                I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


The total cost for an installed 10 MW power oscillator-based laser transmitter is
estimated as follows [29]:
     •   2.5 MW Prototype = $80.0 Million.
     •   3 x 2.5 MW Additional Modules + 4 Module Integration = $133.0 Million.
     •   Buildings/Installations~ $17.0 Million.
     •   Total Installed & Integrated Transmitter Cost ~ $230 Million.
And the additional costs for the MOPA-based transm itters and cold-flow assessment are
[29):
     • 4 Master Oscillators ~ $20 .0 Million .
     • Cold-Flow Subscale Upgrades & Evaluations    ~$5.0 Million.
     • Tota l Add itional Cost~ $25.0 Million .

The TEXTRON Systems study concluded that [29]:
     • A pulsed CO2 repetitively pulsed transmitter, which uses a 300 second blow down
       and beam combining, can provide the power levels and energies needed for
       Lightcraft propulsion applications.
     • Spectral tailoring of the beam and mountain-top operation should provide
       reasonable atmospheric transm ission of the high pulsed-power laser beam.
     • Low cost operation is achievable with helium-free gas mixtures, which use N2,
       CO2, and small quantities of H2.
     • Subscale testing will be used to anchor the design and thus reduce risk.
     • Legacy programs support many aspects of th is approach.
     • Growth potential with cold-flow and aero windows should double the beam power
       output.
     • Current pulsed CO2 laser technology blow down configuration is postured to
       provide power levels for propulsion of kilogram-sized spacecraft into orbit.


Payload Cost Estimate for Lightcraft Launch Using a 10 MW CO2/Gas
Mixture Laser

Froning and Davis [26] used a proposed 10 MW electron gun -driven N2/CO2/H 2 laser
design to estimate the Lightcraft payload launch cost per kilogram, which is described
in what follows. Each power oscillator optics module transmitting a 2.5 MW beam of
10.6 µm wavelength photons generates 1.334 x 1026 photons/sec, and 15 kg/sec of CO2
mass flow represents 2.053 x 1026 molecules/sec of gas flow. These figures taken
together mean that 1.54 CO2 molecules are required to lase one photon. A 2.5 MW
laser operating for 300 seconds of thrusting will allow us to send 5.25 kg of payload
into LEO, and the total laser energy (E1aser) output is 750 MJ. If the laser efficiency is
0 .20, then we will need to use 12.5 MW of electrical power for 300 seconds (or 3,750
MJ of total energy), which, at a cost of $0.10 per kWh (or $0.0278 per MJ), gives a
total cost of $104 for the required electrical energy to launch the payload.

The kinetic energy (KE) of a Lightcraft in LEO is given by KE = 1,apyE1aser, where [26):

46
                   UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFIEiIAL ~81!! 8HLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


   • 11 = 1: this is the conversion efficiency of laser rocket propellant-thrust-jet KE into
     vehicle KE, in which the propellant/laser is designed so that the rocket thrust-jet
     velocity is equal to the vehicle velocity throughout the mission, i.e., the laser
     rocket has variable lsp "" 100 seconds at beginning of mission to 1000 seconds at
     end of mission;
   • ap = 0. 5: a is efficiency of laser energy absorption and p is efficiency of
     conversion of propellant internal energy into thrust-jet KE;
   • y = 0.7: this is the atmospheric transmission efficiency;
   •   Eiaser =   750 MJ.

These numbers multiplied together give a vehicle KE = 262.5 MJ in LEO. If the effective
change in velocity (~v) required to get to LEO is 10 km/sec (8 km/sec orbital velocity +
1 km/sec for gravity + 1 km/sec for drag loss), then 1 kg in LEO has SO MJ of energy
investment and a 5.25 kg payload in LEO has 262.5 MJ of energy investment.

The 60 kg/sec mass flow requirement of the 3: 1 N2/CO2 lasing gases means that a
mass flow of 15 kg/sec of CO2 and 45 kg/sec of N2 is required. For the 300 seconds of
thrust we will therefore need 4.5 tons of CO2 and 13.5 tons of N2 gases (we are
neglecting the tiny amount of H2) to launch a payload to LEO. Liquid CO2 costs $100
per ton and liquid N2 costs $154 per ton. The total lasing gas cost is therefore $450 for
the liquid CO2 and $2,079 for the liquid N2. Adding these two gas fuel costs to the $104
cost of the required electrical energy gives a total of $2,633 to launch a 5.25 kg
payload to LEO. This result represents a cost of $501 per kg of payload (or $228 per
pound) launched to LEO, which is 44 times lower than the oft-quoted standard space
launch industry cost of $10,000 per pound for conventional chemical propulsion rockets
systems.

However, this cost figure needs to be slightly adjusted to account for other factors. If
we use the N2/CO2 gases at a temperature of 217 Kin the laser, then we will have to
boil the liquid CO2 and the liquid N2 with additional heating of the gaseous N2. Boiling
4.5 tons of liquid CO2 at 217 K requires 1,175 MJ of energy, boiling 13.5 tons of liquid
N2 at 77 K requires 2,683 MJ of energy, and heating the 13.5 tons of gaseous N2 from
77 K to 217 K requires 1,890 MJ of energy. Therefore, the additional energy required
to prepare the laser gases is 5,748 MJ (= 1,175 MJ + 2,683 MJ + 1,890 MJ), which
represents an additional electricity cost of $160. Adding this additional energy cost to
the previous total of $2,633 gives a final total cost of $2,793 to launch a 5.25 kg
payload to LEO. This new final result represents a cost of $532 per kg of payload (or
$241 per pound) launched to LEO, which is 41 times lower than the space launch
industry cost of $10,000 per pound for conventional chemical propulsion rockets. Note
that this final cost estimate excludes the operations, life-cycle, and maintenance costs
that are listed in Table 1, which were based on the use of a bulk solid-state laser.


                                                                                         47
                     UNCLASSIFIED'
                                 I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE O14Lf


SUMMARY OF EMERGENT HIGH-POWER SOLID-STATE AND FREE­
ELECTRON LASER TECHNOLOGIES

Bulk Slab Solid-State Laser

Under the auspices of the Joint High Power Solid-State Laser (JHPSSL) program,
Northrop Grumman broke the all-important 100 kW beam power threshold in early
2009 by firing a 7-amplifier chain bulk slab solid-state laser (BSSSL) that produced a
beam output power of almost 106 kW (see Figure 19). Each amplifier chain is
assembled with several high-gain power modules. The laser operated for more than
five minutes, achieved electro-optical efficiency of 19.3%, and reached full power in
less than 0.6 seconds with a beam quality of better than 3.0, Whereas the test
demonstration saw five minutes of continuous operation for the laser, altogether the
system has been operated at above 100 kW beam power for a total duration of more
than 85 minutes. Adding an eight amplifier chain that the system was designed for will
increase the beam power to 120 kW.


Figure 19. Northrop Grumman's Joint High Power Bulk Slab Solid-State Laser (courtesy of
the Directed Energy Professional Society).

Even though 100 kW beam power has long been the proof-of-principle sought for
weapons-class lasers, it should be noted that many militarily useful effects can be

48
                 UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA 9FFH31AL ~8! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


achieved by laser weapons with 25 kW or 50 kW beam power, provided the energy is
transmitted with good beam quality. Laser propulsion requires megawatt-class lasers
which are only developed in directed energy weapons (DEW) programs. However,
BSSSL beam power can be scaled up further by improving presently known gain media
and doping combinations, inventing new gain media and doping combinations, by
combining the beams of several lower-power devices, or a combination of all these until
the ultimate optical/thermal/mechanical limit of slab gain materials is reached. BSSSL
beam output power is projected to reach the multi-megawatt level within three to five
years from the time of this writing (P. Zarubin, J. Albertine, and V. Hasson, private
communications, 2010).

Figure 20 shows DARPA's High Energy Liquid Laser Area Defense System (HELLADS) as
an example of a liquid-cooled bulk slab solid-state (ceramic) laser. HELLADS is
designed to be light and compact enough to fit on a jet fighter or drone aircraft, and yet
powerful enough to fire a 150 kW beam of energy. HELLADS makes use of a unique
cooling technique to save weight and size. The high-power laser uses a liquid that has
the same index of refraction as the mirrors inside the laser. That way, the laser can
fire away, even while it's being cooled. The HELLADS program will deliver a 150 kW
laser weapon at 2 m 3 of system volume and 600 kg of system mass (not including the
prime power and cooling systems) to achieve the low specific mass (5 kg/kW) and
compact size need to be mounted on small tactical airborne platforms like the C-130
transport, jet fighters, or Predator-class UAVs. The device will be built by General
Atomics and the tracking system will be built by Lockheed-Martin.

A bulk solid-state laser is based on a bulk piece of doped crystal, disordered or
amorphous material (such as glass), glass ceramic (which is a combination of
crystalline-ordered structure and glassy phases disordered structure), or mixed crystals
as the laser gain medium. In most cases, the gain medium is doped either with rare­
earth ions or transition metal ions. Typically, these ions replace a small percentage of
other ions of similar size in the host medium. The laser-active ions have suitable
optical transitions for pumping and laser emission at wavelengths where the host
medium is transparent. A bulk laser resonator is often formed with laser mirrors placed
around the gain medium. However, there are also laser gain media with a highly
reflective dielectric mirror coating on one side, which serves as a resonator end mirror.
Also, there are monolithic solid-state lasers where the beam path is entirely inside the
gain medium. See Reference 30 for additional technical details.


                                                                                        49
                 UNCLASSIFIED-'
                             I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


Figure 20. DARPA's High Energy Liquid Laser Area Defense System (courtesy of P.
Saunders, AFRL/RDS, Kirtland AFB, NM).

Unlike chemical and gas dynamic laser devices, bulk solid-state lasers possess the
following unique characteristics, which make them highly competitive with any chemical
or gas dynamic laser systems [30]:
     •   Reliability.
     •   High level of safety.
     •   User-friend ly.
     •   Maintenance-free.
     •   Low-cost performance, high-volume production.
     •   Compact size.
     •   Wide range of wavelength selection and wavelength tunability.
     •   Variety of power oscillator or master oscillator-power amplifier (MOPA) designs.
     •   Scalability of beam output power, variety of beam combining techniques: scalable
         to 1 MW beam power with in 2 years .

Typical solid-state lasers have the following tech nical features [30):
     •  Gain medium:
          Host crystal [e.g., Yttrium Aluminum Garnet (YAG)], glass or ceramic
          (amorphous materials).
       - Impurity lasing ions deposited (or doped) in host [e.g., Neodymium (Nd 3 +) or
          Ytterbium (Yb 3+)].
       - Range of beam wavelengths (11. ) produced: 0. 7 µm to > 2 µm.
     • Optically pumped with flash lamps or diode lasers.
     • Capable of high peak power pulses.

so
                   UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


   •    Average power limited by low thermal conductivity of host material.
   •    Wavelengths propagate extremely well in clear weather:
       - Very low absorption.
       - Higher scattering.
The requirements for high average power bulk solid-state lasers are [30]:
   •  Efficient optical pumping of gain medium:
     - Flash lamp or laser diode well matched to absorption band.
     - Small wavelength difference between pump and lasing ➔ low quantum defect.
   • Efficient heat removal from gain medium:
     - Improved heat removal techniques from host.
     - Large surface area per unit volume.
     - Or, large volume to store heat with low duty cycle operation.
   • Gain medium must retain good (correctable) optical quality.
The typical properties of widely used Nd :YAG lasers are [30]:
   •  4 nm absorption line width.
   •  24% heating from quantum loss.
   •  Saturation intensity~ 3 kW/cm 2 (at~ 2% dopant).
   •  Multi- kilowatt average power demonstrated.
   •  Maximum average power potential                ~
                                           several hundred kilowatts:
     - Heat removal makes continuous running a challenge at this power.
     - Current high-energy SSLs produce great amounts of heat (e.g., 600 kW of
        electrical power in and 100 kW of beam power out equals 500 kW of waste
        heat).
     - Must store the waste heat and reject it from the system at a lower rate, thus
        requiring storage and limited duty cycle.
   • Quantum defect = pump light photon energy minus laser light photon energy.
The typical properties of widely used Yb:YAG lasers are [30]:
  • 18 nm absorption line width.
  • Indium gallium arsenide (InGaAs) pump laser diodes at 0.941 µm wavelength:
     - 8.6% heating from quantum loss.
  • Saturation intensity ~ 9. 7 kW/cm 2 (at ~ 25% dopant).
  • Multi-kilowatt average power demonstrated.
  • Maximum average power potential is perhaps 5 x Nd:YAG laser.
   A new technology that enables the scaling-up of BSSSL beam power is a recently
developed thermal management system that is used to remove and store the waste
heat produced by BSSSL devices. General Atomics' Advanced Power Systems Division
recently announced * that it has completed testing of an advanced thermal energy


' Reported in Space War Newsletter, June 7, 2010 .


                                                                                 51
                      UNCLASSIFIED'
                                  I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


storage device capable of cooling DEW systems. Their 3 MJ device is the first large­
scale module capable of storing heat at a high rate as required for DEW systems, and it
stores heat at an average rate of 230 kW. Heat is stored in a 35 kg module by melting
a wax-type phase change material (see Figure 21). These materials, by themselves,
cannot support the high heat transfer rate and must be combined with other materials
to enhance their thermal properties in order to make them work. Thermal
management is one of the many challenges of the high-power BSSSL devices used in
DEW systems, which produce tremendous amounts of waste heat. Rejecting heat from
these systems in real time is not practical, making thermal energy storage a necessity.

The cost of BSSSL systems and related infrastructure are becoming competitive with
that of the proposed 10 MW electron gun-driven CO2/gas mixture lasers. BSSSL costs
are co ntinuously decreasing as their technology matures and as more systems become
widely available for testing and operational deployment. The HELLADS matched-index­
of- refraction li quid cooling t echniq ue and General At om ics' advanced t hermal energy
st orage device will also dramat ically improve the cost competitiveness of BSSSL
systems compa red to all chem ical and gas dynamic laser systems by producing great er
efficiencies in solid-st ate lasing operation while at t he same time increasing t he average
beam power.


Figure 21. Phase Change Materials Allow Storage of Large Intermittent Heat Loads While
Slow Regeneration Removes Heat from Aircraft (courtesy of P. Saunders, AFRL/RDS,
Kirtland AFB, NM).


High Power Fiber Laser
From 2006 t o 2009, a newly emergent cl ass of solid - stat e lasers, ca lled hi gh -power
fiber lasers (HPFLs), has undergone transformational innovati ons resulti ng in a 10-fold
increase in nea r diffraction -li mited beam out put power of a single-fiber laser operati ng
with broadband output in the 1 µm wavelength reg ion with 90% optica l efficiency, >


52
                  UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA QFFH31AL ~81!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


30% wall plug efficiency, and pulse repetition rates ranging from a few kHz to 1000
kHz. This exponential growth in beam output power is the result of many factors,
including the parallel development of efficient, narrow-band pump diode lasers; and the
development of novel fiber geometries such as double-clad fibers and photonic crystal
fiber cores (a.k.a. photonic crystal fibers). At present, HPFLs for industrial use routinely
achieve 50 kW to 70 kW of beam power, and such systems have already been modified
for weapons applications with a goal toward achieving > 100 kW of beam output power
with in 18 to 24 months after the publication of this report.

As fiber beam output power continues to increase exponentially, individual fibers can be
combined coherently for increasing the total beam output power well beyond what has
already been achieved by BSSSLs while providing several advantages. HPFLs have
several advantages over BSSSLs. They are more efficient, easier to cool due to the
large surface area-to-volume ratio, more durable, smaller and lighter, more easily allow
the beam to be directed to the target, and have excellent beam quality. Fiber lasers
also benefit from economies of scale and are relatively inexpensive devices.

HPFLs possess the following unique characteristics, which make them very highly
competitive with any chemical, gas dynamic, or bulk sol id-state laser systems [31]:
  •   Reliability.
  •   High level of safety.
  •   User-friendly.
  •   Maintenance-free.
  •   Low-cost performance, high-volume production.
  •   Compact size and low weight.
  •   Wide range of wavelength selection and wavelength tunability.
  •   Excellent beam quality and stability.
  •   Very high wall plug and optical efficiencies.
  •   Variety of power oscillator or master oscillator-power amplifier designs (see
      Figure 22).
  •   Scalability of beam output power, variety of fiber beam combining techniques:
      scalable to 1 to 2 MW beam power within 1 to 2 years (see Figure 23).


                                                                                         53
                  UNCLASSIFIED'
                              I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                          UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


                                              Master Oscillator, Power
                                                 Amplifier (MOPA)

                                   Fiber coupled                                      Doped double-clad gain
                                   pump modules

                                                                                      7
                                                                                              /
                                                                                      High power endcap
                        Master Oscillator (fiber
                        oscillator, or diode laser)

Figure 22. Typical HPFL MOPA Design {courtesy of the Di rected Energy Professional
Society).


                                              State of the Art in Fiber Combining
                                Passive phuing:


                                                                                                         (B
                         far field-filtering & coupling                        Coherent beam combining (CBC)

                                                                           :          Collimating :
                                                                           !: d   ~
                                                                                        len       !--=----
                                                                                                  : Syste
                                                                                                               Far field

                                                                           :      ~                i-OUtput
                                                                           '                -      ,          ~
                                                                           :_ ___ ~-- --------- ---:           ~


         Individually      Incoherent Beam Combining                                   Talbot: self-Imaging coupling
         Control
         Steerin                                                  Target
         MirrorsE-1--+ . . ; . . - - - -- - - == ........ Area:


            Fiber Laser Array                  He~agonal Beam Director

              Spectral Beam Combining: fibers at
           different wavelengths bu~ ame direction


                                         ~
         ~~~;::::==-=-
                    ==-
                      ===1 ,~k                                 ...... .
            Fiber Array
                              J.   = D .,..   n cos(   o_ )


Figure 23. Fiber Laser Beam Combining Techniques {courtesy of the Directed Energy
Professi onal Society).


54
                          UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA 9FFH31AL ~8! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


Typical HPFLs that use fiber optical oscillators or amplifiers as an alternative to bulk
rods and slabs have the following technical features [31]:
  •  Active Gain Medium:
      -Common host glasses and their combinations: Silicates; silicates and
       phosphates; silicates, phosphates, and fluorides; silicates, germanates, and
       fluorides; silicates and fluorides.
    - Impurity lasing ions deposited (or doped) in host: Neodymium (Nd 3+ ),
       Ytterbium (Yb 3 +), Erbium (Er3 +), Thu lium (Tm 3 +), Holmium (HoH),
       Praseodymium (Pr3 +).
    - Range of beam wavelengths (11.) produced: 0.48 µm to 2. 9 µm.
    - Stretched doped rod into a long thin fiber.
    - Simplifies heat removal (large surface area per unit volume).
  • Pump (see Figure 24):
    - Surround lasing fiber with optically transparent jacket.
    - End pump optical jacket with diode lasers.
    - Single diodes or diode bars are coupled into undoped pump fibers
         • Pump fibers are spliced or drawn together with the doped lasing fiber.
         • Pump light is coupled to the outer, undoped outer fiber.
    - Active medium pumped along entire length
         • Pump light then couples into the lasing fiber all along its length.
    - Resonator optics are coupled to the ends of the doped fiber.
  • Large Diameter Fibers (see Figure 25):
    - Handle more power.
    - Larger divergence with less beam quality.
    - Longer output fibers before limits are hit.
  • Small Diameter Fibers (see Figure 25):
    - Better divergence with greater beam quality.
    - Handle less power before limits:
         • Material limits - melt.
         • Stimulated Brillion Scattering (SBS).
         • Stimulated Raman Scattering (SRS).
    - Shorter output fibers.


                                                                                           55
                  UNCLASSIFIED'
                              I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


                      Pumping Fiber Lasers


                                                     I
                                            Low Index Polymer


Figure 24. Pumping Fiber Lasers (courtesy of the Directed Energy Professional Society).


                                    Active Fiber (side view)
             !
             a
             a.
             E
             :::,
             0.

              ~
             .5


               .,.,
              -g
             a
               a.
               E
              :::,
              0.

              !
              "'
              ..J


Figure 25. Large and Small Diameter Fiber Lasers (courtesy of the Directed Energy
Professi onal Society).


56
                      UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA 9FFH31AL ~8! 8HLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf


Figure 26 and Figure 27 show examples of very portable, compact single mode and
multimode HPFLs used for industrial applications.

                             CompactJ Lightweight SM Modules


                                                        Pour up to 1,100 W
                                                            >. = 1070 nm
                                                      BPP = 0.34 mm x mrad
                                                             ( M2 < 1.05)
                                                    W x H x D = 60 x 33 x 4.7cm
                                                   DC wall-plug efficiency > 35 %
                                                          Weight - 12kg
                                                               12kg/kW
Figure 26. Single Mode Fiber Laser Modules (courtesy of IPG Photonics).


                        Multlmode Fiber Lasers

                              SOkW Multimode

 •   Output beam quality BPP-1 o
     M"2~33
     DC EOE~ 33%
 •   Output fiber core diameter 200um
 •   Output NA ~ 0.09
 •   Output fiber length 15m
 •   Raman level at full power expected
     to be - -35d8
 •   Linewidth {FWHM) ~Snm
 •   Weight~ 2,500kg
 •   Size (HxWxD): 1.8m x 2.7m x 0.8m
 •   Delivered August, 2008
                                               Courtesy of IPG Photon ics

Figure 27. Multimode HPFLs.


                                                                                    57
                   UNCLASSIFIED//FOA QliliHiiilAts laHi& 8,.L'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


Free Electron Laser

High-energy free electrons from a particle accelerator (e.g., a high-voltage, high­
current electron injector gun) can em it amplified, coherent photons when they are sent
through an undulator (or "wiggler" magnets), which generates a periodically varying
magnetic fie ld with a linear array of permanent or superconducting magnets. The
electron accelerator produces a micro-pu lse of "electron bunches" moving at relativistic
speeds that are laterally accelerated (or "wiggled") by the alternating magnetic fields in
the undulator, thus releasing laser photons at optical wavelengths (see Figure 28 to
Figure 30). The optical laser radiation is amplified at the double- Doppler-shifted
wavelength of the undulator. The resulting laser beam photon energy depends on the
electron energy, the undulator period, and (weakly) the magnetic field strength. The
electron beam gets spent at the end of the lasing process.


Figure 28. Free-Electron Laser (courtesy of the Naval Post-Graduate School FEL Lab).


                   ron beam p ls s
                                                           •           optical
                                                                       la er


                       -                          -
                                  wiggl r
                                                                       pulses


             100                                      pa.rtially
             r fl cting                               t 7ansmitting
                                Photon Emision
               rror                                      r-ror

Figure 29. Free-Electron Laser Mechanism (courtesy of the Naval Post-Graduate School FEL
Lab).


58
                 UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA 9FFH31AL ~8! 8HLY
                    UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf


                             l ctron b am
                                                undula.t or


                     r   on tor                                            mirror


                                        y                          1


                0        z        A         0        z                 0     z
                              l ctron       am pha       - spac   volut on

Figure 30. Free-Electron Laser Electron Beam Phase-Space Evolution (courtesy of the Naval
Post-Graduate School FEL Lab).

In the quantum picture of how FELs operate, the "wiggling" electrons rad iate light and
that light then gets stored between the resonator mirrors. And additional light radiation
(that enters the resonator) in the presence of "stored light" results in stimulated
emission, which is the lasing process. The classical interpretation of this process is that
the electrons travel with the light radiation and exchange energy with it. Some
electrons gain energy while some lose energy to the light radiation. The electrons in
the beam will "bunch" within each optical wavelength, thus these bunched electrons will
radiate coherently to produce laser light. This mechanism is represented graphically in
Figure 29 and Figure 30.

The main appeal of free-electron lasers (FELs) is that they can be built for emission
frequencies ranging from the terahertz region, through t he infrared and visible
spectrum, up to X-rays. Also, a single device often allows wavelength tuning over a
large range and the output power can be scaled up very high. As in many spectral
regions, it is not easy to make resonator mirrors; many FELs work without such mirrors
and rely on amplified spontaneous emission. This can still be relatively efficient if t he
gain is high enough. One then actually has a superluminescent source. The big
disadvantage of FELs is t heir very large and expensive setup; they can only be used at
large facilities. The benefits of FE Ls are :
  •   Continuously wavelength tunable, i.e., they can produce different wavelengths
      during operation.
  •   Desig nable to produce a range of wavelengths, from microwaves to X-rays.
  •   Scalable to very hig h beam power because they use a vacuum for t heir gain
      medium - laser medium cannot be damaged.
  •   Not affected by heat problems t hat are common in other laser technologies .


                                                                                         59
                    UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                    UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


     •    Efficient, generally a FEL can transform 10% (> 60% for microwave tubes) of its
          energy into laser radiation.
     •    Reliable, systems now run 24 hours per day for weeks.
     •    Can produce picosecond laser pulse widths.
     •    Systems are big (40 m x 60 m) and expensive ($1 Million to $100 Million).
The Naval Sea Systems Command's (NAVSEA) Directed Energy and Electric Weapon
Systems (DE&EWS) Program Office is supporting research, development and testing of
advanced high-energy/high-power FEL designs for the purpose of deploying them as
directed energy weapons onboard warships in the near future. The DE&EWS program is
emphasizing the development of disruptive innovations to reduce FEL system size,
weight, and operational (and lifetime) cost, as well as to increase overall system
operating efficiency. One design that has emerged to reach all of these goals is the
recirculating-beam FEL system (RBFEL), which uses a superconducting accelerator, RF
power liquid helium refrigerator, an electron beam injector, an electron beam dump,
and a modified laser resonator-undulator cavity that boosts the production of amplified,
coherent laser photons (see Figure 31). The superconducting accelerator gives good
efficiency and gradient while recirculation of the electron beam recovers beam energy
to increase efficiency and reduce the beam dump size.

                                   Electron Accelerator


                    Beam                RF Power                Injector
                    Dump        Liquid Helium Refrigerator


             I  Reflecting Minor        Undulator          Out-Coupling Minor
                                                                                '
Figure 31. Recirculating-Beam FEL System {courtesy of the Naval Post-Graduate School FEL
Lab).

The key (typical) technical features of the Navy RBFEL are as follows :
     •    Total system volume: 16 m x 4 m x 4 m = 256 m 3 .
     •    Undulator/Wiggler
         - Length: 46 cm to 60 cm.
         - Period: 2.9 cm.
         - Number of periods: 18.
         - Magnetic field strength : 1 Tesla.

60
                    UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA QFFH31AL ~81!! 8HLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


    -   K"" 1.5.t
•    Electron Beam:
    - Photocathode injector creates picosecond electron pulses at 7 MeV. *
    - Superconducting accelerator increases electron energy to 100 MeV.
    - Peak current: 1100 A.
    - Average current: 0.5 A.
    - Length: 0.1 mm.
    - Radius: 0.1 mm.
    - Electron beam recirculated for energy recovery.
•    Optical resonator based on short Rayleigh length optical mode (see Figure 32):
    - Cavity length (resonator mirror separation distance), 5: 16 m.
    - Optical waist (natural mode width), wo: 0.1 mm.
    - Mirror radius of curvature, w: 2.6 cm.
    - Rayleigh length, zo: 2 cm.
•    Optical (Laser Beam) Output:
    - Power: 2 MW.
    - Wavelength, i: 1 µm (tunable by controlling electron beam, undulator and
        resonator properties).
•    Short Rayleigh length§ (SRL) optical mode gives several advantages:
    - Reduces optical intensity on resonator mirrors to avoid mirror damage.
    - Single optical wavefront is amplified giving excellent beam quality.
    - FEL interaction is altered with SRL mode.
    - SRL intensifies interaction at mode focus.
         • Rapidly changing optical amplitude and phase.
    - SRL accelerates electron bunching and energy extraction
         • Electrons interact with optical radiation field along undulator.
         • Electrons "see" intense optical electric field at mode focus.
         • Electrons "see" rapidly changing optical radiation phase at mode focus.
•    Natural mode width/optical waist (for 5               ~
                                                    meters & laser beam i   microns) is         ~
     millimeters.
•    High -power lasers typically run in multiple transverse modes; however:
    - High-power FEL requires short Rayleigh length and small optical waist.
    - High-power FEL amplifies single mode without damage to gain medium (a
        vacuum).
•    FEL efficiency increases as Rayleigh length decreases.
•    For megawatt-class FEL system, high operating current plus active mirror
     alignment system acts to stabilize optical mode against Naval warship vibrations,


tK  = eBrmsAund/2rcmc<, where e is the electron charge, Brm, is the root-mean-square magnetic field strength, Aund
is the undulator period, m is the electron mass, and c is the speed of light.
' MeV = Mega-electron Volt.
§SRL = distance for the area of the beam waist to double.


                                                                                                               61
                  UNCLASSIFIED'
                              I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE O14Lf


                                                          ~
        which usually result in mirror tilts ( O to 400 micro-radians) and drastically
        reduced beam power, thus maintaining beam power output at maximum design
        value.


                                                       S-16m
                  : =2.6cm                                                   z0=2cm

                                                     w 0=0.llnm
Figure 32. High-Power FEL Optical Resonator {courtesy of the Naval Post-Graduate School
FEL Lab).


ESTIMATED PAYLOAD COST FOR LIGHTCRAFT LAUNCH USING A 10
MW BSSSL, HPFL, OR RBFEL SYSTEM

No detailed Lightcraft nano- or pico-satellite payload launch cost estimates can be
performed at this t ime because the high-power solid-state and FEL laser devices are
emergent technologies still under development and testing; operational deployment is
expected to take place within the next two to five years depending on near-future
funding and programmatics. However, Table 1 shows that the average cost to launch a
laser-propelled Lightcraft (including payload) to LEO is $3,052 per kg. This figure was
based on operations, life-cycle, and maintenance costs plus the cost of using a high­
power bulk solid-state laser system that is 50% shared with another user.

The cost estimates shown in Table 1 were compiled in 2003, so this (average) launch
cost estimate will likely go down significantly at present (possibly by 20% or more) due
to significantly increased system efficiencies realized within each of these emergent
advanced laser technologies, reduced system costs due to widespread acceptance,
operational deployment along with dual-use commercialization, and system costs that
trend downward as technology matures over time, etc. IPG Photonics sells their
industrial HPFL systems (e.g., see Figure 27) for prices ranging from $50,000 to
$500,000 depending on the beam power (higher beam power= higher price) and
system application. Based on these factors, a simple back-of-the-envelope cost
estimate for Lightcraft launch of a payload to LEO is approximately $100 to $300 per
kg, ** while the average cost to launch a laser-propelled Lightcraft (including payload) to
LEO will be approximately $800 to $2,000 per kg which includes the operations, life­
cycle, maintenance, and laser system costs. An in-depth study will be needed to obtain
more precise cost estimates for Lightcraft launch using BSSSL, HPFL, and RBFEL
systems.

HIGH ENERGY LASER BEAM CONTROL


.. Costs could be reduced to as low as $20 per kg of payload if Buckytubes are used to construct the Lightcraft.


62
                       UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA 9FFH31AL ~8! 8HLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


In order to launch a laser-propelled Lightcraft nanosat or picosat from the ground, sea,
or air, it will be necessary to control and steer the high-energy laser (HEL) beam, while
at the same time making real-time adjustments to account for platform motion, optical
train and atmospheric effects on beam propagation, so that the beam maintains high
quality, low-loss, precision contact with the Lightcraft from launch all the way up to
LEO. While the atmospheric effects on laser beam propagation were briefly discussed
in the Lightcraft Nanosatellite Configuration section of Chapter 2, a more in-depth
examination of this phenomenon can be found in Reference 32. In what follows, we
briefly discuss what a HEL beam control system is designed to do and what innovations
were recently developed by the various DoD directed energy weapons programs that
are just now being successfully tested and deployed.
   A beam control system is designed to:t t
   •  Acquire and precisely track a designated target.
   •  Handles the HEL beam emitted from the laser:
     - Aligns the HEL beam to the optical train's axis - from the laser resonator to the
        beam director's exit aperture.
     - Safely relays the HEL beam through the optical train with minimal loss of
        energy and beam quality.
   • Expands the HEL beam and focuses it at the range of the target.
   • Places and maintains the HEL beam on the desired target's aimpoint.
   • Corrects for beam quality degradations in the optical train or the atmosphere (if
      needed).

HEL weapons usually have high-power optical trains containing more than a dozen
mirrors. However, these systems need to be far more compact with minimal high­
power trains. As directed energy weapon applications begin to employ smaller HEL
systems, the size, weight and complexity of the accompanying beam control system
has come down as well. The typical HEL beam control system includes: ** 1) a gimbaled
beam director, 2) tracking and pointing functions, 3) adaptive optics, 4) acquisition
sensors, and 5) target illuminators. Solutions have been recently developed to drive
towards a smaller, lighter and simpler beam control system while considering the entire
end-to-end system architecture. Existing beam control solutions are robust but large
and complex. The technical strides achieved in the past 20 years in wavefront sensing,
aperture sharing elements, beam tracking and beam correcting provide new tools to
offer a simplified low mirror count beam control system while retaining the ruggedness
of function necessary for a laser weapon.
Figure 33 and Figure 34 show schematics of a notional inertially-stabilized
pointer/tracker mount and beam control system that was developed by NAVSEA's
DE&EWS Program.


ttD. Kiel, Directed Energy Systems Symposium Short Course, Naval Post-Graduate School, Monterey, CA, 2010.

** D. Kiel, Directed Energy Systems Symposium Short Course, Naval Post-Graduate School, Monterey, CA, 2010 .


                                                                                                               63
                     UNCLASSIFIED'
                                 I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


A novel new HEL beam control architecture being tested and deployed by the various
directed energy weapons programs that offers reduced complexity and component
count, and combines many functions into a compact arrangement has the following key
features: **
     •   End-to-end boresight tracker with 0.1 micro-radian root-mean-square accuracy at
         10 KHz.
     •   No beacon illuminator laser (BILL) required.
     •   Real-time beam quality measurements on target during each engagement.
     •   Extremely compact and lightweight beam train suitable for ground, airborne and
         sea platforms.
     •   Primary mirror which is also a deformable mirror (DM) and a fast steering mirror
         (FSM).


                         Alignment
                          Sensor
                                                                             - - ----
                             lor
                           Inertial
                          Platrorm


         Luer Device
           Mod ule


                                                                    Propagation
                                                                      Through
                                                   Local-loop       Atmosphere
                                                   Wavefront         (or space)
                                                    Sensor


Figure 33. Notional Long Range HEL Beam Control System (courtesy of the Directed Energy
Professional Society).


64
                       UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFIEiIAL ~81!! 8HLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf


                                Inertially Stabilized
                               Pointer/Tracker Mount....
                                                         .0                            .,. • ...       sensor
                                                                              -·
                                                   en   or_-:.-.·.- . - .•_\ .e error·· ·· ··· ··
                                                                                                   0 target


                                                GimbaJ
               To achieve the high prec1s1on required for a HEL Weapon ,
               The sensor and Beam Expander must maintain precise alignment


Figure 34. HEL Beam Pointer/Tracker (courtesy of the Directed Energy Professional
Society).

In summary, this new architecture has only the HEL module and the beam director. All
the measurement and correction functions are integrated into the beam director
without increasing the number of high power components usually required in a coude
path.§§ The three major advantages of this architecture are as follows (see Figure
35): ***
  •   Minimizing complexity and component count: The optical control architecture has
      far less than a dozen mirrors plus a turret window and two polarizers between t he
      HEL module and the target. The resulting beam line is considerably simpler,
      smaller and lighter than current architectures. Almost every component in the
      beam line performs multiple functions, t hereby dramatically reducing the
      component count. There is only one long-burn DM, one coarse steering mirror
      (CSM), one FSM, and all of these are integrated into the beam director. This
      approach also packages all beam control sensors, processors and drivers into the
      turret assembly.
  •   End-to-End Boresight and High-Bandwidth Tracking: In this design, the HEL and
      track illuminating laser (TILL) trackers are integrated onto the same focal plane


   §§Coude is French for "elbow," meaning a beam of light is bent in a zigzag manner through an
   optical train.
   *** D. Kiel, Directed Energy Systems Symposium Short Course, Naval Post-Graduate School,
   Monterey, CA, 2010 .


                                                                                                                65
                   UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                    UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


         and are controlled by a single FSM which is also the primary mirror and DM. This
         eliminates the traditional split between local and target loop stabilization,
         combining both into a single controller. This is accomplished so that the high­
         power path is minimized to its fundamental limit of six mirrors, which are
         necessary to get the beam from the HEL module through the coude path and out
         through the exit aperture of the telescope.
     •   Eliminating the BILL (see Figure 36): The BILL is a solid-state, kilowatt-class laser
         that measures atmospheric conditions, allowing the beam and fire control
         systems to compensate for atmospheric turbulence that the HEL beam would
         encounter in its path to a target. The beam from the BILL bounces off the target
         and returns to the HEL source, where optical and software equipment measures
         the amount of distortion in the atmosphere between the HEL source and the
         target. The HEL adaptive optics system compensates for the distortion using a
         deformable mirror. Thus, elim inating the BILL was a very im porta nt innovation
         t owards decreasing t he number of high-power components requ ired in t he coude
         pat h.


                        Basic Shared Aperture Beam
                               Control System


                                                                          ----
                                                                       Sources of Noise & Jitter
                                                                       • Platform vibration
                                                                       •Target Scintlllation
                                                                       • Wind and platform induced
                                                                       vibration on director
                                                                       • Atmospheric Turbulence
                                     Gimbals                           • Excess Mechanical Tolerances
                                                        C41 System
                                     Control                           • l atencies & Inadequate
                                                                       bandwidth in tracker loop


                     ~ Overcomes many of the alignment issues with a dual aperturE;system    I
Figure 35. Basic Shared Aperture Beam Control System (TILL = Track Illuminator Laser; C4I
= Command, Control, Computing, Communication & Intelligence equipment} (courtesy of
the Directed Energy Professional Society}.


66
                    UNCLASSIFIED{fFOA QFFIEiIAL ~81!! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIJ!tL USE 014Lf


                     Mitigating the Atmosphere with
                             Adaptive Optics


               The AO System needs to operate (sense , compute, and adJust the deformable
               mirror) approx. > 1OX faster than the atmosphere changes (-1 O's - 10Os hz)


Figure 36. HEL Adaptive Optics System (courtesy of the Directed Energy Professional
Society).

All of these HEL beam control innovations can be quickly adapted to laser propulsion
applications with little or no additional technical modifications or R&DTE. It is expected
that all of the R&DTE work presently being done by the various DoD directed energy
weapons/HEL programs can be immediately leveraged for laser Lightcraft nano-/pico­
satellite programs should they become established. Primary mirrors with exit apertures
of ~ 10 m will be required to launch laser-propelled Lightcraft from ground/sea to LEO
while apertures on aircraft-mounted laser beam control optics will be ~ 1.0 m.


                                                                                             67
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOR 061ilCl.li.k W&& 8Ptl'l
                 UNCLASSIFIED/,'rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


Chapter 5: Conclusion
To reduce mission costs, advanced technology components and a novel laser propulsion
system can make nanosats (and picosats) compact, lightweight, low power, and low
cost. By producing a large quantity of nanosats for a given mission, the per-unit cost
will be reduced to a small fraction of satellite procurements for traditional missions.
Mission operation costs will be minimized by the incorporation of both onboard and
ground autonomy, use of heuristic systems, and use of a novel laser propulsion system
to launch the nanosats into LEO. Laser propulsion is an enabling technology in which a
laser-propelled vehicle, called "Lightcraft," harnesses the energy of a high-energy laser
beam and converts it into propulsive thrust.

The laser-propelled Lightcraft is an ETO transportation system that develops quasi­
steady (airbreathing) thrust by pulsing at a variable rate along the fl ight trajectory to
orbit, and then when it climbs above the atmosphere it begins to operate in the thermal
rocket mode using onboard propellant to convert and expand the laser energy for
propulsion. The Lightcraft is spin-stabilized and can be launched vertically upward or
on a slant upward trajectory, hover in mid-air, and undergo powered descent and
landing. The system is single-stage-to-orbit and completely reusable with no onboard
propellant required (the reaction mass is free air), except for the small internal amount
of propellant needed for final ascent to orbit and orbital maneuvering. MEMS FEEP
thrusters could provide onboard attitude and stationkeeping propulsion. The Lightcraft
specific impulse is essentially infinite (several thousand seconds in rocket mode), wh ile
payload mass fractions are 50% to 95%.

Laser-propelled Lightcraft systems are simple, reliable, safe, environmenta lly clean, and
could have a very high all azimuth on-demand launch rate. This novel propulsion
system reduces space launch costs by two to three orders of magnitude below today's
levels, with estimated launch costs of $20 per kg to $600 per kg of payload, not
including life-cycle and recurring launch operations costs. The entire Lightcraft launch
system is comprised of a ground, sea, or airborne laser beam generator consisting of a
power supply, a high-power (megawatt-class) laser beam generator/transmitter using
novel beam optics, and automated tracking, hand-off and safety systems.

The most promising military mission for laser-propelled Lightcraft is the placement of
Earth and space observing nano-/pico-satellites of up to 3 kg mass into LEO. Such
Lightcraft could also serve as a "Lightsat," because it would use the Lightcraft's laser
propulsion optics as a telescope for observing military targets on Earth and in space.
Such a Lightcraft system appears capable of reaching LEO at 1/S th to 1/l0 th the cost
required for placing a sim ilar Lightsat system into LEO using multistage chemical rocket
systems. Other potentia l missions inclu de using laser-propelled Lightcraft as
ground/sea- or airborne-launched kinetic kill weapons to shoot down enemy ballistic
missiles. Very innovative near-term missions cou ld also include deploying Lightcraft
nano-/pico-satellites to form swarms of small spacecraft which cooperate coherently to
form a real distributed system in wh ich the whole is more than the sum of the parts .
This would be a constellation of small spacecraft each performing its separate function,
but these functions combine to create at a central location a much larger virtual
spacecraft, or sensor aperture, that exists solely because of the cooperation of the


68
                 UNCLASSIFIED,<,<FOA QFFISIAL HSI!! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


spacecraft. This creates coherent RF or optical apertures that are essentially unlimited
in size, which could offer unprecedented high-resolution radiometry, hyperspectral
imaging, radar, and RF interception (for mapping, surveying, MASINT, SIGNIT), etc.

Launching laser-propelled Lightcraft nano-/pico-satellites to LEO requires megawatt­
class lasers. TEXTRON Systems Corporation's proposed 10 MW electron gun-driven
CO2/gas mixture laser is a multi-megawatt-class system that can be implemented now
because this technology requires little or no additional R&D. This system offers realistic
near-term, low-cost Lightcraft launch capability. However, this system is large,
requires a large amount of gas propellant to fuel the laser, and the system
infrastructure will cost over $200 million.

The newly emergent bulk slab solid-state, high-power fiber, and free-electron laser
technologies being explored by the various DoD directed energy weapons programs
offer higher electrical-to-optical efficiencies and overall laser performance, compact and
portable system size, less complexity and smaller weight, all at much lower system and
infrastructure cost. These lasers are scalable to megawatt-class beam power, and so
we roughly estimate that the overall system and infrastructure cost to deploy such laser
systems to launch a Lightcraft to LEO will be from several factors to an order of
magnitude (or more) lower than for the electron gun-driven CO2/gas mixture laser
system.

Removing the waste heat produced by high-power laser systems is an important factor
driving the physical limitations of scaling up the beam output power. An innovative
matched-refractive-index liquid is used to rapidly remove the heat produced by a 150
kW bulk slab solid-state laser weapon while the very high surface area-to-volume ratio
of high-power fiber lasers allows for the rapid removal of heat from the gain medium
without the need for external cooling. Phase-change materials are being explored and
devices using such materials have recently demonstrated the ability to store very large
quantities of the waste heat produced by high-power solid-state lasers, which is a
different way of rapidly removing large amounts of heat from the solid-state gain
medium. Unlike solid-state laser systems, free-electron lasers are not affected by heat
problems while their gain medium (a vacuum) cannot be damaged.

Launching a laser-propelled Lightcraft nanosat/picosat from the ground, sea, or air into
LEO requires controlling and steering the high-energy laser beam, while at the same
time making real-time adjustments to account for platform motion, optical train and
atmospheric effects on beam propagation, so that the beam maintains high quality,
low-loss, precision contact with the Lightcraft during the entire flight. Recent technical
innovations in optical train design and other system architecture have evolved beam
control devices for high-energy laser weapons toward new implementations. New beam
control devices and high-power optical train combinations have a resulting beam line
that is considerably simpler, smaller and lighter than current architectures. Almost
every component in the beam line performs multiple functions, thereby dramatically
reducing the high-power optical component count. This approach also packages all
beam control sensors, processors and drivers into a single turret assembly.

In 2005, the AFRL/PRSP (Edwards AFB, CA) concluded their laser Lightcraft propulsion
R&DTE program before launching a Lightcraft test vehicle into LEO was demonstrated

                                                                                        69
                 UNCLASSIFIED'
                             I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED//rOR: orrlCIAL USE 014Lf


[33, 34]. At present, AFOSR is funding the Brazilian Air Force's hypersonic shock
tunnel study of laser Lightcraft propulsion in collaboration with Leik Myrabo's laser
propulsion group at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (Troy, NY) [35]. This author
recommends that the Department of Defense, in collaboration with NASA, return laser
Lightcraft propulsion R&D to the United States and restart the space launch test flight
demonstration program of the Air Force X-S0LR Lightcraft, which was originally
proposed by Dr. Frank Mead [34].


REFERENCES


70
                 UNCLASSIFIED{{FOA 9FFH31AL ~81! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


[1] Forward, R. L. (1962), "Pluto: Last Stop Before the Stars," Science Digest (Aug.
    issue), pp. 70-75.
[2] Kantrowitz, A. (1972), "Propulsion to Orbit by Ground-Based Lasers," Astronautics
    and Aeronautics, Vol. 10, pp. 74-76.
[3] Rom, F. E., and Putre, H. A. (1972), "Laser Propulsion," NASA Technical
    Memorandum TM X-2510.
[4] Pirri, A. N., and Weiss, R. F. (1972), "Laser Propulsion," AIAA Paper 72-719, AIAA
    5th Fluid and Plasma Dynamics Conference, Boston, MA.
[5] Harstad, K. G. (1972), "Review of Laser-Solid Interactions and Its Possibilities for
    Space Propulsion," NASA Technical Memorandum 33-578, NASA Jet Propulsion
    Lab, Pasadena, CA.
[6] Pirri, A. N., Monsler, J. J., and Nebolsine, P. E. (1973), "Propulsion by Absorption
    of Laser Radiation," AIAA Paper 73-624, AIAA 6 th Fluid and Plasma Dynamics
    Conference, Palm Springs, CA.
[7] Myrabo, L. N. (1982), "A Concept for Light-Powered Flight," AIAA/SAE/ASME 18 th
    Joint Propulsion Conference, Cleveland, OH.
[8] Myrabo, L. N. (1983), "Advanced Beamed-Energy and Field Propulsion Concepts,"
    BDM/W-83-225-TR, BDM Corp., Final Report for CalTech and NASA-JPL, NASA
    Contract NAS7-100.
[9] Myrabo, L. N., and Ing, D. (1985), The Future of Flight, Baen Books-Simon and
    Schuster, New York.
[10] Kare, J. T., ed. (1987), Proc. of the SOJO/DARPA Workshop on Laser Propulsion,
      CONF-860778, Vol. 1 - 3, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, CA.
[11] Myrabo, L. N., et. al. (1989), "Lightcraft Technology Demonstrator," Final
      Technical Report, Contract No. 2073803 for Lawrence Livermore National
      Laboratory and the SDIO Laser Propulsion Program.
[12] Kare, J. T. (1990), "Ground to Orbit Laser Propulsion Q Advanced Applications,"
      in Vision-21: Space Travel for the Next Millennium, edited by G. Landis, NASA
      Conference Publication 10059.
[13] Kare, J. T. (1990), "Laser Supported Detonation Waves and Pulsed Laser
      Propulsion," in Current Topics in Shock Waves, 17 th Int'I Symposium on Shock
      Waves and Shock Tubes, edited by Y. W. Kim, AIP Conference Proceedings 208,
      AIP Press, Melville, NY.
[14] Kare, J. T. (1990), "Pulsed Laser Propulsion for Low Cost, High Volume Launch to
      Orbit," IAF Conference on Space Power, Cleveland, OH.
[15] Lawrence, R. J., et al. (1991), "System Requirements for Low-Earth-Orbit Launch
      Using Laser Propulsion," in Proc. of the 6th Int'/ Conference on Emerging Nuclear
      Energy Systems, SAND 91-1687C, Sandia National Laboratory, NM.
[16] Messitt, D. G., Myrabo, L. N., and Mead, F. B. (2000), "Laser Initiated Blast
      Wave for Launch Vehicle Propulsion," AIAA-2000-3848, AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE
      36 th Joint Propulsion Conference, Huntsville, AL.
[17] Myrabo, L. N., Messitt, D. G., and Mead, F. B. (1998), "Ground and Flight Tests
      of a Laser Propelled Vehicle," AIAA-98-1001, AIAA 36 th Aerospace Sciences
      Meeting & Exhibit, Reno, NV.
[18] Mead, F. B., Myrabo, L. N., and Messitt, D. G. (1998), "Flight and Ground Tests
      of a Laser-Boosted Vehicle," AIAA-98-3735, AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE 34 th Joint
      Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Cleveland, OH.


                                                                                      71
                 UNCLASSIFIED'
                             I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAL USE 014Lf


[19)     Wang, T.-S., et al. (2000), "Performance Modeling of an Experimental Laser
         Propelled Lightcraft," AIAA-2000-2347, 3pt AIAA Plasmadynamics and Lasers
         Conference, Denver, CO.
[20)     Wang, T.-S., et al. (2001), "Advanced Performance Modeling of Experimental
         Laser Lightcrafts," AIAA-2001-0648, 39 th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting and
         Exhibit, Reno, NV.
[21)     Wang, T.-S., et al. (2002), "Advanced Performance Modeling of Experimental
         Laser Lightcraft," J. Propul. and Power, Vol. 18, pp. 1129- 1138.
[22)     Myrabo, L. N. (2001), "World Record Flights of Beam-Riding Rocket Lightcraft:
         Demonstration of 'Disruptive' Propulsion Technology," AIAA- 2001-3798,
         AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE 37 th Joint Propulsion Conference, Salt Lake City, UT.
[23 )    Mead, F. B., Larson, C. W., and Ka lliomaa, W. M. (2002), "A Status Report of the
         X-50LR Program - A Laser Propulsion Program," AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE 38 th Joint
         Propulsion Conference, Indianapolis, IN.
[24)     Larson, C. W., Mead, F. B., and Ka lli omaa, W. M. (2002), "Energy conversion in
         laser propu lsion III," in Proc. of the 1 st Int'! Symposium on Beamed Energy
         Propulsion, edited by A. V. Pakhomov, AIP Conference Proc. 664, AI P Press,
         Melvi lle, NY, pp. 170-181.
[ 25 )   Fron ing, H. D., et al. (2003), "Study to Determine the Effectiveness and Cost of
         a Laser-Powered 'Lightcraft' Vehicle System - Results to Guide Future
         Developments," in Proc. of the 2 nd Int'! Symposium on Beamed Energy
         Propulsion, edited by K. Komurasak i, AIP Conference Proc. 702, AIP Press,
         Melville, NY, pp . 242-250.
[ 26)    Froning, H. D., and Davis, E. W. (2006), "Study to Determ ine the Effectiveness
         and Cost of a Laser-Propell ed ' Lightcraft' Vehicle System," Final Report AFRL-PR­
         ED-TR-2003-0033, Air Force Research Laboratory, Air Force Materiel Command,
         Edwa rds AFB, CA. [See also, Knecht, S. D., and Mead, F. B. (2004), "Increasing
         Laser Ramjet (LR) Thrust and Coupling Coefficient via Nozzle Design and
         Prevention of Plasma Wrap-Arou nd," Final Report AFRL-PR-ED-TR-2004-0082,
         Air Force Research Laboratory, Air Force Materiel Command, Edwards AFB, CA.]
[27)     Rumsfeld, D. H., et al. (2001), Report of the Commission To Assess United
         States National Security Space Management and Organization, U.S. Congress
         and the Dept. of Defense, Washington DC.
[28)     Scott, W. B. (2000), Aviation Week & Space Technology Magazine article on the
         2001 Report of the Commission to Assess United States National Security Space
         Management and Organization, Nov. 6, 2000, p. 61.
[29 )    Hasson, V. (2002), "Briefing on Multi-Megawatt Pulsed CO2 Laser Transmitter for
         Propu lsion Applications," Advanced Concepts Office, AFRL/PRSP, Edwards AFB,
         CA (Nov. 18, 2002).
[30)     Ka li sky, Y. (2006), The Physics and Engineering of Solid State Lasers, Tutorial
         Texts in Optical Engineering, Vol. TT71, SPIE Press, Bellingham, WA.
[31)     Motes, R. A., and Berd ine, R. W. (2009), Introduction to High-Power Fiber
         Lasers, Publ. by the Directed Energy Professional Society, Albuquerque, NM.
[32)     Nielsen, P. E. (2009), Effects of Directed Energy Weapons: High Power Lasers,
         High Power Microwaves, and Particle Beams, Publ. by the Directed Energy
         Professional Society, Albuquerque, NM, Chapter 3.
[33)     Mead, F. B. (2007), "Part I - The Lightcraft Technology Demonstration Program,"
         Final Report AFRL-RZ-ED-TR-2007-0078, Air Force Research Laboratory, Air
         Force Materiel Command, Edwards AFB, CA.

72
                   UNCLASSIFIED,'fFOA QFFISIAL 1!181!! 8HLY
                 UNCLASSIFIED/;'POR: OPPICIAE USE 014Lf


[34)   Mead, F. B. (2007), "Part II - Experimental 50-cm Laser Ramjet (X-S0LR)
       Program," Final Report AFRL-RZ-ED-TR-2007-0079, Air Force Research
       Laboratory, Air Force Materiel Command, Edwards AFB, CA.
[35)   Salvador, I. I., et al. (2010), "Experimental Analysis of a 2-D LightCraft in Static
       and Hypersonic Cond itions," Proc. of the 6 th Int'/ Symposium on Beamed Energy
       Propulsion, edited by C. R. Phipps, AIP Conference Proc., AIP Press, Melville, NY,
       in press.


                                                                                         73
                 UNCLASSIFIED'
                             I i'FAA: 061i1Clali.k W&& 8PtLY
