{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T00:33:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 45830558, "source_ctime_ns": 1789870769754651288, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d128-aawsap-dird-anomalous-acute-and-subacute-field-effects-on-human-biological-tissues-march-11-2010.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1789870769408993706, "source_rel": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-06/documents/dow-uap-d128-aawsap-dird-anomalous-acute-and-subacute-field-effects-on-human-biological-tissues-march-11-2010.pdf", "source_sha256": "771e64fee31722953ce9038100499d0d81d199e3249b43d656d3734aebb1a45f"}

UNCLASSIFIED/I F8R 8FFIEiIAk IJ§E er•k'■'


                          Defense
                          Intelligence
                          Reference
                          Document
                          Acquisition Threat Support
11 March 2010

ICOD : 1 December 2009


                          Anomalous Acute and
                          Subacute Field Effects on
                          Human Biological Tissues


                           UNCLASSIFIED/;'F8R 8FFIEiIAk IJSE 8NkY
                      UNCLASSIFIED//P'8~ 8P'P'!CIIIIL tt9! 8HLY


Anomalous Acute and Subacute Field Effects on Human
Biological Tissues


Prepared by:

Acquisition Support Division (DW0-3)
Defense Warning Office
Directorate for Analysis
Defense Intelligence Agency

Author:


      AAP Person 81
Administrative Note

COPYRIGHT WARN ING : Further dissemi nation of the phot ographs in this publication is not author ized.


This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA Pro ram. Comments or uestions pertaining to
this document should be addressed to AAP Person 1                 AAWSA Program
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: CLAR/DW0-3, Bldg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.


ii
                    UNCLASSIFIED//F&A &FFIGIAL W&li gr,1L¥
                                UNCLASSIFIED/ / FOA OFFiliCili11JL W&li O~ILY


Contents
Preface and Summary .................................................................. .. .......... .......... .... . v

      Preface .. .... ........ .. .... .. .. .. .. .... .. ............ ........ ........ .................................................. v

      Summary... ........ .......... .. .. .... .. .... ........ ...... .. ........ .... ........... ...................................v

Chapter One : Definitio n of Topic and Domain of this Study .. ........................... .. .... 1

      A. What is addressed in this review ................................................................... 1

      B. What is not addressed in th is review .......................... ...... .. ........................... 1

Chapter Two : Back groun d : What is Thou g ht to Cause Harm? ................................ 2

      A. Setting the Stage: What others have said openly about injury caused by EMR
      Field Effects ....................................................................................................... 2

      B. Newly Unclassified Material ........................................................................... 3

      C. Field effects and hearing / communications ................................................... 5

      D. Relationships of Physics and Biophysics to Injuries ....................................... 7

Chapter Three: How Damage Occurs ..................................................................... 8

      A. The effects that burn ...................................................................................... 9

      B. The enigma of "non-thermal" wheals and localized "burns" ........................ 11

      c. Some thoughts on neurological correlates ................................................... 12
Chapter Four: Applicable Subacute Injury Effects ................................................ 13

Chapter Five: Cognitive and Neural Injury Mechanisms and Effects .................... 16

References & Working Data Bases ........ ................ ................................ .......... ..... 19

Appendix A: Schuessler Catalog of UFO-Related Human Physiological Effects
(Frequency Distribution) ...................................................................................... 23

Appendix B: Green/Morris Example to Show the Global Breadth of Available Older
ICD Case Inputs From Mu ltiple Data Sources (red =pending ICD classification) .. 25

Appendix C ........................................................................................................... 27


Figures


iii
                             UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICIAL W&li ONLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED//P8R. 8PPICIIIIL ~!II!! 8NLY

Figure 1. Variation of Normalised Specific Absorption Rate with Frequency and
Related Absorption Characteristics in Living Organisms.........................................9
Figure 2. Electromagnetic Spectrum .......................................................................14


Tables

(U) Table 1: Limits for Maximum Permissible Exposure..........................................15
Error! Bookmark not defined.


iv
                     UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/,'FOR: OFFIEIAL WSE &••LY


Anomalous Acute and Subacute Field Effects on Human
Biological Tissues
Preface and Summary
PREFACE
Several years ago three previous fit and active individuals experienced an
anomalous ["irregular, incongruous and inconsistent with their domain"]
aerospace-related event. Within 72 hours they suffered medical signs and
symptoms [acute and subacute effects].

•   These included almost immediate erythema (heat and redness) over
    exposed [to the presumed source of an electromagnetic radiation] skin,
    and varying degrees of the following as a function of their body-surface
    exposure times: fever, pain, headaches, numbness and parasthesiae,
    malaise, diarrhea, loss of hair and alopecia, skin eruptions/boils, cardiac
    palpitations, beginnings of what were to become chronic headaches and
    symptoms of insomnia and other sleep and dream disturbances, moderate
    to occasional severe anxiety and insomnia. Two of the persons also
    experienced photophobia ( extreme sensitivity to light), dry and scratchy­
    stinging eyes, and extreme inflamed blood-shot sclerae (whites of the
    eyes) with soft tissue swelling of the eyelids. One of the three experienced
    moderate blood dyscrasia and signs of radiation illness, and over several
    years developed signs of malignant transformations.

Extensive, but controversial investigations revealed the three had been
subjected to an accidental exposure in the near-field [meters] to a broad-band
ultrahigh radiofrequency mixed radiation of RF (radio frequency), NIEMR
(non-ionizing electromagnetic radiation) & microwave energies [including
non-specific and un-measured induced ionizing effects, probably mixed UVA,
UVB and UVC (Ultra Violet A, B, C}] centered at about 785 MHz.

•   These three persons were antennae engineers subjected to an anomalous
    "accident" [ 1]

An extensive review of the medical literature and a compilation of a database
has revealed an additional relevant but less dramatic 42 cases from the peer­
reviewed medical literature, and an additional un-published similar 300 cases,
primarily when fields were measured or emitters were known of mixed
exposures of from 1 -10 GHz at power densities of above 100 mW/cm 2 •

SUMMARY

This paper relates, summarizes, and analyzes evidence of unintended injury to
human observers by anomalous advanced aerospace systems. Additionally, an
argument is made that the subsequent work can inform ( e.g., reverse
engineer), through clinical diagnoses, certain physical characteristics of
possible future advanced aerospace systems from unknown provenance that
may be a threat to United States interests.

V

                UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA 0FFI€1A~ W&li Ql'I~¥
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ jP'OR. OP'P'!C!WL tJ91! OIILI


The evidence discussed includes scientific material that has been peer­
reviewed, contained in recently declassified government documents, and early
emergent clinical medical analyses also underway in companion research
studies.

•    Based on historical cases, humans have been found to have been injured
     from exposures to anomalous vehicles, especially airborne, and when in
     relatively close proximity.

•    The primary mechanisms of injury are related to electromagnetic radiation
     field effects (EMR field effects).

•    The biophysical characteristics of the injuries are well understood.

•    The energy related propulsion systems are not well understood.

•    The potential deployment of systems is thus important to understand.

•    Sufficient incidents/accidents have been accurately reported, and medical
     data acquired, as to support a hypothesis that some advanced systems are
     already deployed, and opaque to full US understanding.

•    Amongst the most important pathophysiological effects are:

     -   Heating and burn injuries

         o   Ionizing and non-ionizing

         o   Thermally induced

     -   Neurological effects

         o   Cognitive/ central nervous system

         o   Neuromuscular / central & autonomic nervous systems

         o   Sensory/ peripheral nervous system

         o   Neuropsychiatric / neuroendocrine

     -   Auditory/ cranial nerves VII & VIII

         o   Communication & disabling effects

         o   Noise and central neurocognitive

•    Analysis of clinical diagnostic codes together with environmental
     conditions observed during anomalous events are clustered in
     meaningful ways.


vi
                   UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /POil OPPICliltL t.tSI! OHL¥

•     The medical analyses while not requiring the invention of an alternative
      biophysics, do indicate the use of (to us) unconventional and advanced
      energy systems.


vii
                  UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ f FOA OFFiliCili11JL W&li O~ILY


Chapter One: Definition of Topic and Domain of this Study
The objective of the overall program for which this paper has been prepared is to
understand the physics and the engineering of advanced aerospace weapons system
applications ... into the future, e.g., from now through the year 2050. This study
addresses the clinical medical signs and symptoms and biophysics of injury known and
expected from unintended exposure to anomalous systems.

A. WHAT IS ADDRESSED IN THIS REVIEW

Advanced aerospace technologies, as with current technologies, often involve exposure
of humans to exceptionally strong, and in the future to likely exotic, fields. This review
is meant to cover the clinical medical injurious effects, including harmful psychiatric/
psychological effects on the human organism that may be induced. Specifically, we are
interested both in the more narrow scope of certain near-field heating and burn effects
on "biological tissues" [usually human] and also systemic or internal medical/
neurologica l / psychiatric inj ury or sequelae, usually modulated by neural tissue.

 "Near Field" is a term we intentionally leave as subjective. That is, we include effects of
possible exposures that are within sight of the injured, and which are acute [within
hours] or subacute [within days], but not longer chronic effects. Our working distance
from the putative emitter is '!Os of meters, and injury times are less than 10 minutes.
We thus focus on the acute and subacute high-level, not chronic low-level exposures
and effects. The most important bandwidth of interest is the range with tissue effects
on humans: from about 300 kHz to 300 GHz; that is, from about 1 km to 1 mm wave
lengths.

In particular, we note that many of the effects on tissues {as currently with all
environmental exposures of Non-Ionizing Electromagnetic Radiation (NIEMR), toxic
effluents, and noise/ thermal effects} are initia lly incorrectly adduced to be
"subclinical" until chronic effects of low-level effects and/or accumulative doses are
recognized . We will be particularly cognizant to not miss this subtlety in determining
harm to persons in the near-field of possible advanced aerospace systems. We will not
(except by reference) discuss ionizing radiation tissue effects, unless they are adduced
to be "Mixed Field", e.g. the Cash-Landrum case, vide infra) .

Therefore, since the potential deployment of advanced weapons technology is
subsumed under this topic, of interest are not only side effects associated with possible
lift/propulsion field mechanisms of advanced craft architectures, but also effects from
advanced weapons systems as well. These include but are not limited to beam
weapons, and active denial systems (ADS), including high powered microwaves (HPM).

B. WHAT IS NOT ADDRESSED IN THIS REVIEW
We are aware of claims that some new and emergent systems may be intended to
cause harm, and thus even be an intended weapon system. We make no attempt
herein to validate any claims. There is ample precedent in US history for utilizing a
separate analytic framework for Verification and Compliance issues, as in the lag in our
recognizing Former Soviet Union and Chinese systems utilizing infrasonic, laser­
blinding, and NIEMR weapons that went unappreciated by our intelligence agencies for
two decades. Historically, the IC (Intelligence Community) adduces verification first,

1
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICIAL W&li ONLY
                         UNCLASSIFIED//FOR: OFFIEIAL WSE &••LY

claims of injury secondly, and compliance after lengthy state-sponsored discursive. We
will not make that mistake. Beyond this, from a sociolog ical perspective, expansion of
this theme may also include the effects on humans en masse, namely inducement of
hysteria, alteration or solidification of belief systems, alteration/destruction of social
structures, group dynamics, etc., the analyses of which would require expertise in a
great number of fields including sociology, anthropology, psychology, etc.

This review will not critically evaluate epidemiological infectious disease or low-level
electromagnetic radiation/ RF aspects of certain exposures, except in passing .i We will
not address psychophysics, paranormal, explicit pre-existing or chronic psychiatric, or
abnormal psychological effects from exposures. {However, in the early draft of ICD­
Code project in Appendix C, psychiatric diagnostic codes when made by a qualified
physician, and medical sequelae from perceived abductions are included for
completeness.}

Chapter Two: Background: What is Thought to Cause
Harm?
It is well-understood that long-term exposure to even chronic "low-strength" as well as
acute "high-strength" electromagnetic fields, ionizing radiation, intense lasers, etc., can
have harmful effects on human physiology. {Terms defined vide infra} It is also known
that EMR mechanisms can disrupt physiological and psychological functioning on a
temporary basis. Emerging data support that some of the chronic low-level effects alter
the ability of cells to function properly due to epigenetic effects {damage to the DNA/
RNA protein regulatory pathways, independent of chromosome disruption}, and
simultaneously alter the metabolism of dividing cells of (especially) the neuroimmune
system [5,6]. The same holds true for exposure to toxic chemical, biologica l, or nuclear
materials .

A. SETTING THE STAGE: WHAT OTHERS HAVE SAID OPENLY ABOUT
INJURY CAUSED BY EMR FIELD EFFECTS
There is relatively comprehensive literature on reported deleterious effects from
exposure at close ranges to perceived anomalous aircraft of apparent advanced design
[2,3,4, 7]. Some of the claimed physiological effects include such phenomena as
paralysis, electrical shocks, feeling of heat, burns, perception of odors, etc.

Whether such effects are the result of unintended or intended harm to humans is yet to
be determined, though evidence for the latter can be inferred in certain cases [8, 9]. We
will draw on that literature for selected cases, where exposure and emitter data are
known or can be inferred, or where injury an be logically related to biophysical
parameters.

That is, it is of particular interest in a threat analysis program, regardless of whether
anomalous-craft-induced physiological effects of humans are intended or not, to
ascertain probable mechanisms, field strengths, etc., involved in the generation of t he


i As an examp le, the enormous literature on the low-leve l and chronic exposure effects of ionizing, non-ionizing­
UVA, UVB and UVC radiation will not be reviewed here. That literature is summarized well in
http://www.cancer.org/docroot/ped/content/ped_ l _ 3x_ radiation_exposure


2
                       UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                    UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIEIAL WSE &••LY

reported physiological effects. It is our contention that characteristics of the fields or
mechanisms associated with close encounters with anomalous craft can even
sometimes carefully be gleaned from archival records where effects on human
physiology have been carefully reported.

This is true because the medical literature of such field effects {although not many
related to craft} has been mature for decades, and is rich in peer-reviewed medical
reports and papers. There are several professional societies within the Department of
Health & Human Services (DHHS), National Science Foundation-National Institutes of
Health) (NSF-NIH) domains, including the Centers of Disease Control Epidemiology
Intell igence Service (EIS) that follow these effects, and numerous examples will be
discussed.

B. NEWLY UNCLASSIFIED MATERIAL
A couple of years ago a citizen, who believed he was being targeted by the United
States Government with harassing field effect weapons {edits and highlights below, are
the author's}...

" .. .XXXX walked into an FBI field office with a two-page letter signed by him and
addressed to Special Agent YYYY of the United States Secret Service.

{His} letter stated, in part:

'Agents of the U.S. Secret Service, as you already know, have been committing very
serious crimes against me and other members of my family for a very long time, and
I'm taking more direct action to prevent it from continuing. I am going to get an
admissible confession from at least one of your agents one way or the other, and if I
don't get what I am demanding from you today, I will use the method of torture
described in the attached pages to obtain that confession and to punish the agent for
his or her involvement in the illegal acts that your agents have been perpetrating
against me and my family.'

After he was arrested, the court found the evidence for the alleged electromagnetic
assaults unconvincing.

The district court then held a competency hearing at which [he] testified, inter alia, that
the back of a pair of his shoes were vaporized by an electromagnetic weapon fired at
his feet in 2001. [He] presented the shoes in question to t he district court, but it
appeared to the court that the heel of the shoe had simply worn out due to ordinary
use.

Inevitably, XXXX's mental status was questioned.

After receiving this report, XXXX requested that he be examined by a medical
professional of his own choosing. The psychologist chosen by XXXX concurred with the
government's psychiatrist that XXXX "is clearly psychotic and ... precisely fits the
diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia" [5-a,b].

The story didn't end, then. It turned out that XXXX may have been crazy, and the
Government wasn't harassing him, but his document was valid: it was a newly


3
                  UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                         UNCLASSIFIEDf/POlt OPPICliltL t.tSI! OHLY

unclassified US Government document that described precisely and accurately the
nature of the Field Effects XXXX claimed existed [5].

It was a recent (1998), classified (unti l 2006) and controlled document: SECRET/
NOFORN; Not to be disseminated to US Allies, NATO, or physically even be taken
outside the United States except to secure US Embassy Military Attache Facilities. It
was from a unit in the Intelligence and Security Command {INSCOM}, the US Army
Analytical Element responsible for coordinated National Intelligence Community
Assessments of military threat potentia ls... based on current known worldwide (including
US for benchmarking) research.

It remains a bit murky as to how Mr. XXXX was able to "FOIA" ("use" the Freedom of
Information Act) and obtain the document. Other "legitimate" researchers had
consistently not been able to obtain it.

The above vignette is offered, to make several points.. .both administrative and
subjective, and scientific ... and objective:

•   Classified information exists that is highly pertinent to the subject of this study, and
    only a small part of the classified literature has been released.

•   Yet, while directionally indicative of interest and intention to understand, the
    material does not rise to the quality of the initiative of the program in which this
    paper serves as one analytical example. ii

•   There is no evidence that the systems described in the document have been fielded.

•   The development of generators and aiming devices is not a rate-limiting issue. iii

•   There is no doubt that they would work.

•   The concerns, therefore, that individuals exposed to field effects as described in the
    document, and in this paper would suffer the claimed injuries .. .are legitimate.

Amongst the systems described are those of special interest in this effort: claimed
injury from near-field exposures to aerospace anomalous vehicles and systems. As will
be described, the pattern and circumstances of injury very often belie nay-sayer
attempts to discredit witnesses, analysts, and those who suffer directly or indirectly
from the systems. Even those who are, from time to time, delusional ... are not
necessarily poor reporters of information outside their particular and personal delusion.

Examples of systems the INSCOM analysis described as real and potential include
precisely those asserted by good observers {and victims of injury} consistent with
near-field RF/ EM/ NIEMR /Thermal/ Infrasonic/ and Coherent light-Laser effects:

ii This author once ran the INSCOM effort from which this FOIA'd document [5] derived, as the Assistant National
Intelligence Officer for Science and Technology, and has recently chaired a DIA-sponsored 18- month Update Study
at the National Academy of Sciences' NRC, (including classified research ) published as "The military application of
neuroscience resea rch" [5-c] that encompasses virtually every aspect of the 2006 declassified INSCOM study .

iii An electric field strength of roughly 100 kV/mover a time period of 1 nanosecond is approximately the condition
thought to be necessary to produce the desired effect when provided to an overall repetition rate of 15 Hz. Such a
field may be developed using a radar- like, high-peak-power pulsed source or an electromagnetic pulse generator
operated at 15Hz. These technologies exist today . Aim ing devices are currently available . The effective range
could be meters, or even hundreds of meters [ SJ .

4
                      UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIOIAL 1.tSE o••tlf

•   Microwave communication/ hearing/ localized heating

•   CO2 Laser communication / hearing / localized heating

•   Ability to instill fear secondary to above, including with use of messaging and RF
    carrier-wave modulated intra-cranial "voices" through thermoelastic expansion of
    intracranial spaces at 5 kHz (vide infra)

•   Ability to direct thermal effects to include directed pa in, erythema, and second­
    degree burns

•   Ability to cause frontal-temporal headache with mm waves

•   Pulses of RF (e.g. 2450 MHz/ 12.4-1.24 Mev UHF 1.0 dm - 1.0 m pressure waves)
    to disorient and destabilize muscular coordination: at this frequency 40 J/cm and of
    microsecond duration pulses will cause thermoelastic expansion in brain (as well as
    the cochlear microphonics for hearing sensation at 0.5-32 micron pu lse widths per­
    pulse thresholds are near 20 J/cm)

•   Use of mm waves to instigate cortical surface effects and seizures through delta­
    wave, EPSP & IPSP (excitatory and inhibitory post-synaptic potentials neocortical
    neurona l synchronization with high voltage 100 kV/m nanosecond pulsed 15 Hz
    {ELF} :through stimulation of the hippocampus CA3 pyram idal cells and cells of the
    pyriform cortex, sustained over 1 - 5 minutes for ictal development for petit mal or
    grand mal seizures

•   Loss of consciousness, muscle spasms, muscle weakness

•   Parasthesiae with UHF - SHF, lasting for minutes

•   Increase of core body temperature to above 41 °C (105.8 °F) with VHF (e.g. 225
    MHz) within 15 - 30 minutes {1-2 km waves at dose rates about 10 W/kg; 5 W/kg
    will increase a humans core body temperature within one to two hours

•   Use of pu lsed-microwaves to temporarily interfere with short-term spatial memory

•   Nausea and vomiting, and disorientation can be easily induced with audible
    frequencies at 145 dB at selected frequencies of 100-500 Hz, within seconds up to a
    few minutes: combinations of infrasonic and sonic tones can be selected for specific
    effects on the vestibular apparatus to induce highly specific gastro intestinal and
    neural effects.

•   iv (see footnote)


C. FIELD EFFECTS AND HEARING/COMMUNICATIONS


iv The INSCOM document also discusses another area of interest, but one beyond the scope of this
review. That is, the effects of laser-radiation including inducement of photophobic and also acoustical ­
mechanica l as well as therma l effects . As our area of focus does not include either actual accidental or
anecdotal cases in this domain, we will not review laser-induced field effects.


5
                     UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA 0FFI€1A~ W&li Ql'I~¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIOIAL 1.tSE o••tlf

The Airborne Instruments Laboratory {AIL}v in 1956, reported for the first time
anecdotal evidence that persons could "hear" RF frequencies [10], The data were
however, deemed important enough to be placed in a corporate advertisement and
warning.

Yet, the first systematic review of evidence and experiment of what is now known to be
human capability to "hear" modulations in ears or the temporal lobes, as well as in the
apparatus of the inner ear (the "cochlear microphonic") was not published until 1961,
followed by a series of eight peer-reviewed papers over the following decade.vi

The most comprehensive review that describes the biophysics and the methodology to
modulate RF to incorporate purposive communications, and which also describes in
detail injury patterns was published in 2003, by the Motorola Research Laboratories,
and is still the seminal meta-analysis {of about 100 review articles} on these subjects
[11].

For our purposes, it is sufficient at this point to summarize this and additional literature
[esp. 11-15] in contexts narrowly related to claimants' description of effects when
placed near (10-100 meters) of a presumed emitting large object, which may or may
not have the appearance of containing an obvious RF antenna:

•   The mechanism of transduction of the RF may be to or through skin, bone, or the
    external auditory meatus.

•   Frequency and pulse width dependency may account for perceptions as coming from
    the ear, the temporal lobe on the same or contralateral side to the object.

•   The frequencies are amazingly broad: contained with the bandwidth of 2.4 - 10,000
    MHz {MF, HF, VHF, UHF, SHF, EHF; wavelengths 1km - 1cm; incident energy
    densities of 10-20 mJ/kg threshold; 40 µJ/pulse, energy absorption per pulse 16
    µJ/g},

•   Thus, the character of the perceived sounds can be used to accurately "back­
    calculate" the emitter characteristics: many thousands of human experiments over
    the above ranges have been consistent and repeatable.

•   Simple shielding, includ ing tin-foil hats (sic!) will attenuate and often block totally
    the sounds and communications.

Voice frequencies of 5 kHz-20 kHz can be RF modulated, and transmitted covertly, with
intelligible effect. However, it is absolutely required that to hear the sounds, a human
must have a capability to hear a frequency acoustic wave in the kHz range above 5kHz
through 20 kHz.

v AIL was formed in 1945, in Mineola NY by then Defense Department contractors affiliated with MIT. It became the
forerunner of virtually every subsequent application Radar and EM laboratory, especially for the Department of the
Navy. It is known in folklore, as having been the site of the development of the technology for the controversial
"Ph iladel phia Experiment." http ://www.stealthskater.com/Documents/AI L 0 1.doc

vi There are at the present time, over 240,000 peer-reviewed scientific papers on the phenomena of RF hearing and
covert communication, with and without engagement of the inner ear, in the medical literature. Yet, to this day,
persons who during experiencing of anomalous RF hearing and skin heating when confronted by unknown objects
in the near-field are nonetheless ubiquitously {at first, at least} said to be paranoid, or paraphrenic, or paranoid
schizophrenic.

6
                       UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIEIA~ W&li Ql'I~¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICl11JL Wili O~ILY

That sa id, it is not necessary that the cochlear microphonic versus ephaptic (electrical
current transmissions through the intercellular spaces) modulation of the axons of the
VIIth and VIIIth cran ial nerves be stimulated directly: the hearing pathways and relay
middle geniculate bodies and inferior collicu li may be stimulated by the RF, first. That
is: while it is possible for energy transmission or transduction to "bypass" the tympanic
membrane, organs of Corti, and cochleae...the hearing apparatus is necessary for at
least penu ltimate stimulation to hear sounds in the voice range: thoughts and meaning
can not be otherwise transm itted [ 12]. But, at the same time, thermoelastic expansion
and contraction of fluid spaces in the brain can result in the perception of clicks,
buzzing sounds, and humming.

Notably, the above discussion is of non-hazardous "effects." Harm and injury, including
severe headache seizures or convulsions, motor ataxia and contractures,
unconsciousness, and destabilizing psychiatric acute, subacute, and chronic outcomes
can be induced. The use of very high intensity RF pulses at, for example, 915 MHz will
cause an elevation in brain temperature of 8 °C, resulting in petit ma/ or grand ma/
seizures after one minute exposure, followed by 5 minutes of unconsciousness.

Recovery occurs when brain temperature returns to within 1°C of normal (37 °C). The
threshold for this stun effect is 680 J, regardless of peak power, pulse width, and
equates to about 28 kJ in terms of expressed peak absorption. This adverse effect is
about 1,000 times higher than the auditory threshold, which in humans is near
16mJ/kg as reported above. No adverse effects, in any event have been found at SARs
(Specific Absorbed Rate is a measure of the rate at which energy is absorbed by the
body when exposed to radio-frequency electromagnetic field. It is defined as the power
absorbed per mass of tissue and has units of watts per kilogram) in the head of 0.2
W/kg (950 MHz) up to 1.0 W/kg (936 & 90 MHz) [13,14].

In summary, the evidence is solid that the military and aerospace industries' own
classified, proprietary and unclassified literature, as well as t he certain evidence of
many aerospace RF-related microwave, antenna-related, high power (HP) microwave,
infrasonic/ sonic, and thermal (from any source) energy deposition accidents [vide
infra] is congruent with the anomalous vehicle reports. This means that one can not
discount the claimed and often observed injuries as being real-world (although current
and likely advanced beyond public information) technologies, and which are causes of
these effects and injuries.

D. RELATIONSHIPS OF PHYSICS AND BIOPHYSICS TO INJURIES
To give but one hypothesis with regard to exotic mechanisms, there is the possibility
that those are effects predicted by General Relativity Theory that would correlate with
some of the reported data in which the blackbody heat spectrum of an object (an
anomalous craft) would be blue-shifted (increased in frequency) under conditions of
spacetime manipulation for lift and propulsion. Were a human exposed to blue-shifting
at relatively close range, symptoms associated with broadband radiation - microwave,
visible, UV, soft X-rays - could be expected. [Adapted from Technical Study 10.0
Human Effects]

Medical data supports this option. That is, "mixed NIEMR" causes microwave tissue
heating, and also disruption of clones of white blood cells to cause cessation of cell
division. (Green & Schuessler, unpublished findings of a pair of well-documented human

7
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICIAL W&li ONLY
                         UNCLASSIFIED//FOR: OFFIEIAL WSE &••LY

cases...Cash-Landrum 1987). These cases and all other clinical data in this report are
HIPAA - protected.vii

One of the outcomes from exposure to, say, ionizing radiation due to any of the above
phenomena is damage to cellular DNA [16). This hazard is one of the daunting
challenges to be met and overcome even when it comes to consideration of such
human-oriented activities as spaceflight for extended periods of time [17]. Fortunately,
the understanding of DNA structure and mechanisms has progressed to the point that
techniques for characterizing DNA are being routinely applied in such civilian
applications as crime scene investigations and paternity testing [ 18).

Chapter Three: How Damage Occurs
The term radiofrequency when applied to the electromagnetic spectrum covers the
frequency range 100 kHz-300 GHz; the term microwave is applied to the frequency
range 300 MHz-300 GHz. The range 300 MHz-3 GHz (wavelengths 1 m-10 cm) is
termed ultrahigh frequency and includes cellular telephones, television broadcasting,
and microwave ovens (2-45 GHz). The range 3 GHz-30 GHz (wavelengths 10 cm-I cm)
is termed super high frequency and includes radar, satellite, and other microwave
communication systems.

The effects on humans of ultrahigh frequency and superhigh frequency are primarily
those of heating. The rate at which the energy of radiofrequency radiation is absorbed
in body tissues is described as the specific absorption rate (SAR) expressed in watts per
kilogram (W/kg) and depends on the frequency (Hz) and the power density expressed
in watts per square meter (W/m 2 ), which can be described as the power crossing unit
area normal to the direction of wave propagation.

An area that is unique, and murky, is that of 60 Hz electric field induced by High Power
(HP) generators presenting whole-body irradiation of 1,000 V/m and 5,000 V/m.
Healing and rapidly dividing tissues were seen to have growth retarded, and anaplasia
and disorganization in connective tissue fibroblasts and otherwise normal cells in the
higher, but not the lower fields [19). The study, part of a large effort by the DOE has
been largely ignored: the data for the lower field effects that have created a large bone
and tissue - healing industry.

The deposition of radiofrequency energy in body tissues varies with absorption
characteristics, which depend to a considerable extent on water content. Tissues such
as blood, skin, muscle, brain, and peripheral nerves will absorb much more energy than
fat and bone. The result is that much of the incident radiofrequency energy tends to
pass through the surface fatty tissue where it is deposited in the deeper tissues such as
muscle and brain.

The figure below shows that based on the absorption characteristics of the human body
radiofrequency can be subdivided into four regions. The frequency involved in the
exposure of the antenna engineers introduced in the preface of this paper (785 MHz) is

vii HIPAA = Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, passed in 1996 provides absolute privacy protection
for written, electronic, and verbal medical information obtained by health professionals and systems. Additional
examples of HIPAA and several hundred cases now being coded for clinical medical diagnoses in a parallel study by
the author is underway and described in Appendix C.


8
                      UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /PeR. ePPIClillL t.tSI!! e,~tv

the "hotspot" range which lies between 400 MHz and 2 GHz. The heating is highly
nonuniform with typica l ratios between spatial peaks and whole body average specific
absorption rates of the order of 150: 1 to 200: 1.' { above and Figure One adapted from
[ 1]}

Figure One

                                                                 I
                              Subresonance         Resonance range     ,     Hot spot          Surface
                                  range           Whole body : Partial :      range           absorption
                                                                                                range
                                                               : body :
                                                                :theadl :
                                                                 I      I


                                             30                300     400              2000 f(MHz)

                  Variation ofnormalistd specific absorption ratt wirhfrrqumcy and rtlattd absorption
                  characrerisrics in living organisms: reproduced wirh rht pe,,ni.ssion qf WHO from :
                  Electromagnetic fidds (300 Hz w 300 Ghz) 1993:76. (Emnronmental H talrh
                  Criuria 137.)

A. THE EFFECTS THAT BURN
From the perspective of aerospace applications, the millimeter wave length of emitters
has been of greatest interest for human effects, and there have been extensive reviews
documenting effects at both low and high levels of incident energy [20,21]. For our
purposes, the most basic biophysical information that pertains is clear: with dry
clothing, 90-95 % of the energy is efficiently absorbed with or without an air gap acting
as an impedance transformer. These millimeter waves (30-300 GHz) penetrate the skin
to a depth of several millimeters. The ANSI (American National Standards Institute)
safety guideline of 5 mW/cm 2 for RF /NIEMR equates to a SAR of 65-357 W/kg.

The depth of penetration involves the area of cutaneous receptors, and at and above
these levels will be perceived first, as prickling sensation, then pain and finally
erythema and even second degree burns if exposures last on the order of minutes:
burning can occur in a non-linear dose-effect range above these SAR levels, as
described elsewhere in th is paper.

The threshold of heat perception is near 0.7 mW/cm 2 , with power densities of about 9.0
mW/cm 2 causing sensations of pain with in one second of exposure. It is notable, that
the non-liner effects apply; e.g. for 3 GHz {decimeter, not millimeter wave lengths},
the thresholds are on the order of 30 times less. Indeed, especially in the Former Soviet
Union, there is substantial literature on these wavelengths at SARs below 10s of W/kg
(as with Diathermy Machines in the US in the '50s) being exploited for a wide range of
external and internal (gastrointestina l) therapies .

Of interest here, in the context of incident RF that can produce heating injury, are a
series of very early experiments done at Brooks Air Force Base and the Oak Ridge
National Laboratories during the Cold War era intended to study potential weapons and

9
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIEIAL 1.tSE o••tlf

space application human effects [22,23]. In these experiments low energy proton
effects on tissue were observed.viii In these experiments, incident energies were
selected for skin surfaces that were very similar to the example of the RF/ NIEMR 30 -
300 GHz millimeter wave experiments just described: 1-30 Mev.

The ranges of skin penetration were the same: 0.5 - about 5.0 mm. At the highest
doses selected (up to 2000 rads) no clinical effects were noted at or below equivalent
Mev - levels found at millimeter waves, SARs of 10 mW/cm 2 .

There have been several studies {encompassing about 100 reported cases during acute
accidental exposures in military aerospace and communications situations} that have
collected data on human exposures to RF of mixed and broad bandwidths [ 1,23].
Comparison of this medical literature presents striking overlaps to the claimed clinical
injury patterns of several hundred near-field cases of anomalous and hostile events
being currently analyzed for a compan ion study to this, as described in Appendices A,
B, & C.

The emergent findings are that in nearly all cases in which exposures are of the order of
minutes or longer, including visible indications at distances of 10 meters, similar acute
effects are observed. In order of their positive and negative clinical presentation the
signs and symptoms [23,24,25,26] include:

•    Warming/prickly sensation over exposed glabrous skin

•    Sensation of burning, no itching or small myelenation injury

•    Erythema, which progresses top 2nd -degree burns in 72 hours

•    Headache, temporal: effect lasting three weeks

•    Dizziness/vertigo, o~en with nausea/ vomiting at 24- 72 hours

•    Cardiac palpitations at 48-72 hours

•    Neurasthenia and peripheral neuropathy absent fasciculation

•    Absent evidence of neuromuscular small fiber disease

•    Absent evidence of alpha-motor neuron involvement

•    Malaise and low-grade fever, emotional liability

•    Severe anxiety with high exposure over 10 or greater minutes1x

•    Corneal abrasion due to deoxygenating, "gritty eye syndrome"

•    Scleral inflammation and iriditiis, photophobia


viii Spaceflight and possible weapons applications were of great concern, and sources indicate, that there was
concern of reported UFO/Anomalous effects at the time [24)).
ix "Severe Anxiety" as assessed clinically to require medication and hospitalization is a marker for broadband
RF/NIEMR [but not ionizing] radiation exposure greater than about 500 mW/cm or Sx10 W/m Thus, a
                                                                                2
                                                                                    ,
                                                                                          3     2
                                                                                                    •


neurological examination that can separate psychiatric from neuropath ic and small nerve fiber damage can serve to
demarcate exposure in SAR, and can help distinguish whole body, head, and/or hot-spot surface absorption .

10
                      UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/,'FOR: OFFIOIAL 1.tSE o••tlf

•    Beau's lines on fingernails

•    Absent serum enzymes and CBC findings

•    30-60 day subacute persistent sleep disorder, dysphagia

•    Parasthesiae (can last up to 3 years, and thus become chronic)

It is particularly important to note that one can do a semi-quantitative dose-response
determination of apparent anomalous events, by comparing the clinical reports, with
what we know from the literature... at least as a first approximation of what one may
adduce the power system effects at near field may have been. For example, from the
peer-reviewed medical literature one can find cases inclusive of about a dozen patients
and subjects exposed to one to ten minutes RF [HF through EHF] (of the '100s
mentioned above):

•    <10 mW/cm 2 @ UHF-SHF = no effects [27]

•    >50<100 mW/cm 2 @ UHF-SHF = as above [28]

•    <50 mW/cm 2 (2.45 GHz) UHF-SHF (presumed) radial neuropathy and dyasthesia:
     20 months duration, intermittent electromyography changes, multiple sensory
     neuropathy [25,29]

•    >250 W/m 2 @ HF (20-30 MHz) impaired 2-pt discrimination x

•    <1 mW/cm 2 (presumed)@ UHF (2140 MHz) double-blind/ cross-over study in
     adolescents and adults: no neurological or cogn itive signs and symptoms [30, and
     Figure Two vide infra]

B. THE ENIGMA OF "NON-THERMAL" WHEALS AND LOCALIZED
"BURNS"

An observation made often, in the literature of aerospace related reports of anomalous
object after-effects, clinically valid, but not linked to any observed heating effect, is the
appearance of what appear to be 1-3 cm localized circumscribed erythematous,
occasionally gangrenous, and sub-dermal wheals, boils, and serosanguinous abrasions.
These injuries appear concomitantly with what are otherwise felt to be burns from
microwave or other RF injuries, except they are often found on clothed parts of the
body, at a distance from the worst second degree burns. And, dermatolog ically, they
can't be diagnosed as thermal or RF-related injuries.

A recent publication from the Bogoliubov Laboratory of Theoretical Physics, Joint
Institute for Nuclear Research, Dubna and Tashkent Russia; Faculty of Physics,
Tashkent; and the Institut fur Physik, Rostock, may offer some first notions of an
underlying pathophysiolog ical mechanism. The study is said to be theoretical, but based
on experimental data, and appears to be unrelated to any emitter concerns, RF or
otherwise, and is not linked to an aerospace application, although funded by a

x Note : the wavelength of this exposure would have been on the order of 10-50 km; in the previous UHF-SHF
injuries, they would have been 1 cm - 1 dm; given equal incident energy dermal penetration is inversely
proportional to wavelength. A companion study is attempting to further quantify these relationships, to permit
additional inferences as to putative energy sources of anoma lous events.

11
                      UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIEIAL WSE &••LY

presti gious org anization known to be interested in field effect s. The aut hors consider
the case when the cha rge carri ers are ions in a fluid flowing t hrough a t ube . The ions
are free to move but obviously confined within a specific volume. The team then poses
the question: what happens when you app ly a static magnetic field modulated by
Johnson Noise (a function of calci um currents in closed t ubes, non -l inearl y dependent
on temperatu re in the presence of ULF).

The answer, t hey say, is a resonance effect in which the ion ic currents grow stronger.
The st rength of t he resonance depends on t he size of the capillary and the st rength of
the field . The aut hors have wo rked out how t hi s effect might play out in the human
body, and cause st asis under certain cond itions and sma ll vessel damage, as a function
of t he concentration of calcium in the microcirculation . A recent peer-review (well
beyond t he capabilities of th is author) has found t he work promising [31].

C. SOME THOUGHTS ON NEUROLOGICAL CORRELATES
From this brief summary it ca n be seen that not on ly are incident energies,
wavelengths, and durations of exposures independent variables of gross injury, but
they also are variables as to tissue type . This might be expected, because the injury to
nerve and othe r cell types must be seco ndary to alteration of the molecular and
biochemical structures. I n the case of nerves/neurons in peripheral or central nervous
system components, the action potentia ls and subseq uent release of end -plate,
ephaphtic, or synaptic neurotransmitters are known to be related to t he currents
induced across the membranes by direct EMF, or induced B-Fields.

The electrophysiology shou ld allow inferences to be made as to incident energies and
bandwidths to the extent we ca n infer or discover the near-field RF qualitative and
quantita t ive measures. What can not be overly emphasized, is that when one looks at
the literature of anomalous cases, including claims from the most reliable sources, the
extent and degree of injuries are consistent across patients who are injured, compared
to witnesses in the far-field, who are not.

For example, in the cases this reviewer has stud ied, the directionality and the times of
the known RF/ EM exposures and the inj ury severity and patterns are hig hl y
consistent: There are no significant differences in either the reported acute effects
(symptoms) or the physician -observed (signs) between the case of three antenna
engineers and the Cash -Landrum cases.

This pathophysiological observation is a convincing one: "Something" is causing these
near fieldxi injuries, the energy deposition and conditions follow our "real-world"
neurological experience. It seems highly unlikely that imag in ation or delusion of
laypersons cou ld m imic the science of thermal injury patterns, electrophysiology,
immunology, and neurology in a non-linear dose-response manner... and incorporate the
biophysics of wave length and eV effects (1 eV = 1.6 x 10-19 joules).

xi " Near-Field" as a term in this and companion stud ies refers to the subjective distance, in part, bet ween the
injured patient and the presumptive energy sou rce, be it an RF/ EM antenna, source of microwaves, or
unidentified object. We use the term also to imply relatively li mited spatio-temporal exposures (within ! Os of
meters), t imes before acute (minutes to hours to one day) or subacute (up to 72 hours) periods betwe en exposure
and signs and symptoms of actua l injury. An object, or in this case a human body in the near field where
electromagnetic waves are incident yet to be fu lly formed due to the perturba ti on . But to fi rst and second orders,
inferences and ca lculations of wavelength and energy depositions can sometim es be made with good reporting and
data from the events.

12
                       UN CLASSI FIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                          UNCLASSIFIED/} FOA OFFJiCJi11JL Wili O~ILY

Indeed, there is even a small amount of literature (less than a dozen good peer­
reviewed studies) that incorporates these ideas. McRee, Wachtel and associates have
studied ionic gradients in nerves, and compared thermal versus non-thermal injury
patterns. They have found the effects are independent of each other, and may be due
to involvement of the Sodium-Potassium = ATP-ase pump, that subtends the
functioning of all excitable tissues [27,32].

A very recent NATO meta-analysis has defined, on the other hand, low-thermal and
non-thermal broad band effects in humans that can be induced by "Non-lethal
Weapons" [33]. The development of an active denial system (ADS) in the mm-wave
region (94 GHz) at a distance of within 100 meters will cause localized heating and
discomfort. xii These wavelengths can not penetrate beneath the superficial layers of the
skin. They do stimulate localized pain and stimulation of dermal receptors of the lateral
spino-thalamic tract...which will afford direct and specific clues in evaluating claims of
injury: the receptors for pain, tickle, itch, and prickling sensation are we believe unique
to depth and frequency. Pulsed microwave weapons based on HPM (High Power
Microwaves) represent another example of a directed energy system. Typical systems
operate at 1-3 GHz {UHF-SHF; dm wavelengths}, and can penetrate deep into the
human body, and do not generate heat. Several controversial {non-replicated and not
to be reviewed here} studies do claim, however, that these frequencies will cause
dissolution of the blood-brain-barrier (BBB) integrity, and hence can cause subacute
injury. Changes in the cytoskeleton proteins occur only after higher than realistic pulse
repetition rates for the US systems under development as weapons. xiii

Chapter Four: Applicable Subacute Injury Effects
There is additional rich and established literature that describes well the subacute level
effects of {particularly} radio frequency and microwave fields (MF) on human and
animal tissue. (Figure Two)

It should also be mentioned, that beginning in the late '80s [34,35,36] low-level RF,
clearly athermal in incident energy, of time varying magnetic fields called PEMF (pulsed
electromagnetic fields) of 1-15 HZ, 2-8 Gauss began to be researched clinically for
bone-union, pain management, depression alleviation, and dermal cell repair. These
ELF multi-kilometer wave-length RF are excluded here, as the literature has shown no
injury potential for this bandwidth. That said; numerous reports on both the anomalous
event as well as the clinical medical literature describe the occasional "effects"
experiencers or patients utilizing such therapy sometimes report.

These effects include occasional mild and localized warmth when touching an object of
unknown provenance, or under the electrode: a pleasant mild itch or tickle sensation
{non-specific stimu lation of paccianian and nociceptive skin receptors served by
peripheral un-myelinated nerves} and pleasant cognitive effects and relaxation.
Although we can hardly categorize such near-field effects as injuries, we note and
catalogue them as non-specific neurological "effects." There is no a priori reason to


xi i Unfortunately, the NATO study does not contain information on the power density, or the other technical
parameters to accomplish the ADS effect.
xiii We are, of course aware, that this series of studies is not to be limited to current technology, much less-only
" on-world" technology. A theoretical examination of these claims is thus underway, but is not in-scope for th is
review .

13
                       UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICIAL Wili ONLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED/} FOA OFFiliCili11JL W&i O~ILY

believe that only injury patterns in the near-field will lead to diagnostics of emanations
from unknown emitters related to aerospace objects.

          Figure Two http ://en .wikipedia.org/wiki/Electromagnetic spectrum#cite note-1
CLASS     FREQUENCY WAVELENGTH ENERGY
          300 EHz 1 pm                1.24 MeV
          30 EHz  10 pm               124 keV
          3 EHz   100 pm              12.4 keV
          300 PHz 1 nm                1.24 keV
          30 PHz  10 nm               124 eV
          3 PHz   100 nm              12.4 eV
          300 THz 1 µm                1.24 eV
          30 THz  10 µm               124 meV
          3 THz   100 µm              12.4 meV
          300 GHz 1 mm                1.24 meV
          30 GHz  1 cm                124 µeV
          3 GHz   1 dm                12.4 µeV
          300 MHz 1 m                 1.24 µeV
          30 MHz  10 m                124 neV
          3 MHz   100 m               12.4 neV
          300 kHz 1 km                1.24 neV
          30 kHz  10 km               124 peV
          3 kHz   100 km              12.4 peV
          300 Hz  1 Mm                1.24 peV
          30 Hz   10 Mm               124 feV
          3 Hz    100 Mm              12.4 feV
v= Gamma Rays               MIR= Mid Infrared           HF= High Frequency
HX= Hard X-Rays             FIR= Far Infrared           MF= Medium Frequency
SX= Soft X-Rays                  Radio waves            LF= Low Frequency
EUV= Extreme                EHF= Extremely High
                                                        VLF= Very low Frequency
     Ultraviolet                 Frequency
                            SHF= Super High
NUV= Near Ultraviolet                                   VF/U LF= Vo ice Frequency
                                 Frequency
                                                        SLF= Super Low Frequency
                            UHF= Ultra High
NIR= Near Infrared                                      ELF= Ext remely Low
                                 Frequency
                                                             Frequency
VHF = Very High
      Frequency


The 2007 "Bioinitiative Report", updated on-line often, is well-peer-viewed,
comprehensive, and useful to make the po int of relevance for us... indicates that acute
effects primarily involve t issue heating from these modalities. However, as with well ­
over 99% of the medical literat ure on field effects of RF and NIEMR (Non -ionizing
Elect romagnetic Rad iat ion), heat ing isn't t he cu rrent concern . Rather, it is low - level,
14
                   UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICIAL Wii ONLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIEIAL 1.tSE o••tlf

non-thermal, effects, and so much of the current literature is of little relevance for this
review [37]. That said, the Standards of the FCC (Federal Communications
Commission), WHO (World Health Organization), and other relevant industrial hygiene
and safety organizations comprehend the effects {at the high end} of acute exposures.
From [37] we see some interesting comments {Table One}

 Table 1. LIMITS FOR MAXIMUM PERMISSIBLE EXPOSURE
Frequency      Electric Field Magnetic Field Power Density   Averaging
Range (MHz)    Strength (E)   Strength (H)       (S)       Time [E] 2[H]2
                  (V/m)           (A/m)       (mW/cm2)     or S (minutes)
0.3-3.0             614            1.63              (100)*             6
3.0-30              1842          4.89               (900)*             6
30-300              61.4          0.163                1.0               6
300-1500                                                                 6
1500-100000                                             5                6
*Plane-wave equivalent power density

NOTE: Occupational/controlled limits apply in situations in which persons are exposed
as a consequence of their employment, provided these persons are fully aware of the
potential for exposure and can exercise control over their exposure. Limits for
occupational/controlled exposure also apply in situations when an individual is transient
through a location where occupational/controlled limits apply provided he or she is
made aware of the potential for exposure. In the United States, the FCC enforces limits
for both occupational exposures in the workplace and public exposures. The exposure
limits are variable according to the frequency in megahertz and the duration of
exposure time {6 minutes for occupational and 30 minutes for public exposures}. Table
One shows exposure limits for occupational and uncontrolled public access to
radiofrequency radiation such as is emitted from AM, FM, television and wireless
sources through the air. As an example, 583 microwatts/cm 2 (µW/cm 2 ) is the public
limit for the 875 MHz cell phone wireless frequency and 1000 µW/cm 2 is the limit for
PCS frequencies in the 1800 - 1950 MHz range averaged over 30 minutes.

That is: we understand well that for 6 minutes {the same order of magnitude for which
we are interested in and concerned about unintended effects} of anomalous near-field
exposures...six minutes at the above levels constitute the point at which {from other
unquoted industrial hygiene definitions} for RF & NIEMR tissues heating of less than 0.5
degree C, locally to the dermis, will occur. Thus, when one hears reports that definitive
heating and even erythema and later second-degree burns are suffered, one can
reasonably infer these levels have been surpassed! [2,4, & Green, 2009 Technical
Study 10].

Also, in June, 2007, the WHO ELF (Extremely Low Frequency) Environmental Health
Criteria Monograph, EMF Program released its ELF Health Criteria Monograph. In the
report, they stated: "Acute biological effects have been established for exposure to ELF
electric and magnetic fields in the frequency range up to 100 kHz that may have
adverse consequences on health. The metric for measurement is specific absorption
rate (SAR) and is expressed in watts per kilogram of tissue."

The limit for absorption of radiofrequency radiation is limited to 1.6 W/kG within 1 gram
of human tissue. The SAR criteria to be used are specified below and apply for portable
devices transmitting in the frequency range from 100 kHz to 6 GHz. The limits used for
15
                  UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/}FOR: OFFIOIAL 1.tSE o••tlf

evaluation are based generally on criteria published by the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers, Inc., {IEEE) for localized specific absorption rate ("SAR") in
Section 4.2 of "IEEE Standard for Safety Levels with Respect to Human Exposure to
Radio Frequency Electromagnetic Fields, 3 kHz to 300 GHz," ANSI/IEEE C95.l-1992.

These criteria for SAR evaluation are similar to those recommended by the National
Council on Rad iation Protection and Measurements (NCRP) xiv .

 (1) FCC Limits for Occupational/Controlled Exposure: 0.4 W/kg as averaged over the
whole-body and spatial peak SAR not exceeding 8 W/kg as averaged over any 1 gram
of tissue {defined as a tissue volume in the shape of a cube}. Exceptions are the
hands, wrists, feet and ankles where the spatial peak SAR shall not exceed 20 W/kg, as
averaged over any 10 grams of tissue.

 (2) FCC Limits for General Population/Uncontrolled Exposure: 0.08 W/kg as averaged
over the whole-body and spatial peak SAR not exceeding 1.6 W/kg as averaged over
any 1 gram of tissue. Exceptions are the hands, wrists, feet and ankles where the
spatial peak SAR shall not exceed 4 W/kg, as averaged over any 10 grams of tissue
( defined as a tissue volume in the shape of a cube) [37].

These, then, are the current {highly summarized} internationally accepted scientific
standards for acceptance of the levels for acute injury, incorporating the "heating"
criteria of acute injury for ELF through MHz bandwidths. In one sentence: acute injury
of early burning is not likely to occur at any bandwidth in narrow or mixed frequencies
below about 1.0 W/kg or 1.0 mW/cm 2 at the low end, over minutes, incident to the
human body in the near-field (feet to yards).

Although low-level and chronic effects are not of special interest to us, a recent review
by the American Cancer Society specifies the bandwidths of ELF/ RF/ Therma l / and
Noise effects from "Fields" of interest [38].

Of somewhat greater interest is the SAR versus frequency characteristics from which
one can adduce the injuries described in the preface to three antenna engineers, the
Cash-Landrum trio, and other cases. {Table Two, [1 p.281]}

Exposure of fibroblasts {cells used as sentinel cells in studies of RF and ionizi ng
radiation damage} to UHF Fields {849 MHz}, at high SAR levels {e.g. 10 W/kg, 1 hr}
do not result in any detectable damage. This includes endpoints of cell motility and
viability, cell cycle, cell distribution, cellular invasiveness, or cell migration. These
results hold even when exposures are extended to one hour per day for three days.
[39] Thus, in the Cash-Landrum case...one must assume that the RF and tissue heating,
clearly responsible for the erythema and burns, did not cause the cell dyscrasia and
subsequent gastrointestinal and malignant transformations; one assumes the cells DNA
damage was secondary to ionizing radiation [4,40].

Chapter Five: Cognitive and Neural Injury Mechanisms and
Effects


  "Biological Effects and Exposure Criteria for Radiofrequency Electromagnetic Fields, " NCRP Report No. 86,
xiv
Section 17.4.5. Copyright NCRP, 1986, Bethesda , Maryland 20814."

16
                      UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA 0FFI€1A~ W&li Ql'I~¥
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFiliCili11Jb Wili O~ILY

A good many reports from both the human and the animal literature inform us of the
mechanisms by which RF can alter neurochemical processes. These RF effects are not
always elucidated as being high-field, or near-field, but in the laboratory they are "real
field." Understanding the mechanisms is critical to understanding why some neuro­
psychiatric effects, if not "injury" occur in non-specific unclear dose-response patterns:
sleep disturbances, prolonged anxiety, acute and chronic headache including migraines,
seizures, and sensations of peripheral numbness, tingl ing, and parasthesiae are
reported often by workers near RF emitters that are "safe" and ubiquitously by persons
who encounter anomalous aerospace objects.

There are four separate problems, and four separate approaches to their mitigation in
attempting to analyze the medical literature.

•    Much of the literature is with animals, of necessity: humans can not be
     experimented upon at the levels of incident energy with which we are most
     interested. But the experiments are often well-done, and inform us what is occurring
     at the cellular level, from which we can make reasonable prediction and design of
     forensic investigations for event investigations.

•    By definition, the RF/ EMF/ NIEMR bandwidths are huge, as are the wavelengths
     that may {or may not} penetrate skin and skull to actually impinge upon the cells
     /neurons to cause putative injury, or sub-clinical effects in psychological and/or
     psychiatric effects. We have reason to believe in the real-world the emitters are
     complex, and the frequencies are multiple. But while there are currently
     approximately 300,000 discreet science citations on "RF injury and brain" and the
     good peer-reviewed exemplars number approximately 73, [ 41] the numbers will
     admit to a meta-analysis with careful selection; it is clearly possible to determine
     mechanism of action for discrete experimental condition, and analysis of inter­
     subject and intra-neurochemical findings should be fruitful.

•    There are often quite different effects, as a function of epidemiological study designs.
     Most of the effects across thousands of subjects show no injury. That is to be
     expected; Research is dominated by low-level dose effects {or not}. We should look
     for acute, mid-to-high dose experiments in animals, that are peer-reviewed and
     thus have been replicated, and which can be compared with accidental exposures
     with humans in terms of frequency I bandwidth and dose to tissue.

•    Sometimes the best research shows contradictory results. And, examination of the
     subtle differences can possibly lead to striking and testable hypothesis - generation.

•    There are sufficient behavioral studies in the literature to at least indicate in man
     and {other} primates what are the lowest broadband mixed frequency levels at
     which no acute effects occur. A seminal study done jointly by Syracuse University
     and the Armstrong-Brooks USAF Laboratory defined the levels below which standard
     exposures on the order of minutes did not alter neuropsychiatric test scores, or
     decision-related scores. Ultra Wide Band (UWB) RF at a pulse repetition rate of 60Hz
     and a bandwidth of 100 MHz to 1.5 GHz (peak power levels between 250-500 MHz)
     with peak E-Field strength of 250 kV/m in repeated exposures produced no
     detectable neuro effects [42].

As the purpose of this paper is to argue that data exists to "reverse engineer"
propulsion systems of anomalous aerospace vehicles, independent of origin, based on
17
                   UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFiliCili11Jb Wili ONLY
                     UNCLASSIFIED//POlt OPPICliltL t.tSI! OHL¥

biology ... two recent examples will be given. Both are from papers published in tier one
medical journals, and both were published in the same month, and both were in the
same species {shown to biochemica lly be a good surrogate for man} utilizing similar
application methods in rat bra in.

Case One: [43]

Fifteen minutes of a high dose {6W/kg} @ UHF {900 MHz} was applied. Endpoints
were measured acutely and sub-acutely, for ten days follow ing a single exposure.
Reactivity of the supporting and nutrient cellular matrix (the glia) was seen at two
days, and less so at three days post exposu re. The injury was of the form of an
inflammatory reaction and increased elaboration of new protein {possibly a repair
mechanism} . The areas affected were primaril y the frontal cortex, and deeper areas of
the brain {caudate, putamen, and cerebellum} and cerebellum where the cerebellum is
responsible for signa l integration.

Case Two: [ 44]

Ten minutes of a high dose {SW/kg} @ UHF {1439 MHz} was applied. Endpoints were
measured acutely. Blood-brain barrier {glial interface} permeability, leukocyte
behavior, microcircu latory rate and volume changes, and vessel diameter were
observed. There were no effects on these microcirculatory parameters.

These two cases are typical of hundreds this author has reviewed, and wh ile confusing
initially, they are actually consistent with observations made in patient examinations of
real-world human cases:

•    Contact {exceptionally near-field} effects at these frequencies negate any
     conclusions as to wave-length effect: coupling may not occur in a "traditional" sense
     of induced current or voltage causing cell transport effects.

•    Generalized heating does occu r, which dissipates over 48 hours. This is consistent
     with human effects, and could mean that near field effects of EM of propu lsion
     systems at cm distances from the brain are served by the same mechanism of
     surface heating. Also, the decrease {not absence} in neurolog ical effects in 72 hours,
     as reported frequently, may be supported by t hese an imal experiments.

•    The inflammatory reaction is not the result of increased microcirculation, and this
     also may explain the paucity of data in human cases for acute and subacute
     evidence for bra in edema.

•    One can hypothesize that in humans signs of erythema, but lack of overt burns and
     blisters, presence of cognitive clouding for 48 hours {relative frontal cortical
     sensitivity} and prolonged generalized sleep and anxiety complaints {but not
     respiratory, hypertensive, or other deep nuclei other than caudate and putamen}
     and muscle fascicu lation's and minor parasthesiae and motor coordination
     {cerebellar} are consistent with the an imal studies at UHF.

•    The chron icity of neuropsychiatric and paucity of acute neurological signs continue
     support of the hypothesis of a [relatively!] narrow HF through EHF, non-ionizing, RF
     band of exposure.


18
                   UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ f FOA OFFICl11JL Wili O~ILY

For completeness, we must mention that low-level, chronic {in excess of hours}
exposure to low levels of RF {on the order of 0.1 - 1.0 W/kg} has shown a plethora of
biological effects especially in animal studies, and mostly dealing with a neurochemical
endpoint [such as mentioned above with neuro-transmitter protein elaboration]. It is of
great interest, in the absence of injury per se that in the bra in, differences can be found
of measured SARs even millimeters apart. [ 45] Evidence exists that, therefore,
measureable effects of as yet unknown importance exist. This data is complex,
incontrovertible, and may be of later interest for us in evaluating neuropsychiatric and
neurological claims of long-term chronic, low-level, or even "off-world" exposures to
high magnetic fields, rotating RF fields, and unconventional equipment.

No effects, however, in fluorescein, sucrose transport, peroxidase permeability, or blood
flow has been seen at acute SARs of 2.5 W/kg from 2450 MHz at 10 mW/cm2. But, for
1200 MHz at a SAR of 1.0W/kg, pulsed waves at 0.2 mW/cm2 or continuous wave for
30 minutes, permeabil ity of the BBB does occur [ 46].


References & Working Data Bases

[1] C.J. Shilling, "Effects of acute exposure to ultrahigh radiofrequency radiation on
three antenna engineers" Occup. Environ. Med 1997;54;281-284

[2] J. Schuessler, UFO-Related Human Physiological Effects (Geo Graphics Printing Co.,
La Porte, TX, 1996).

[3] P. A. Sturrock, "Physical evidence related to UFO reports: The Proceedings of a
workshop held at Pocantico Conference Center, Tarrytown, NY, Sept. 29 - Oct. 4,
1998,: Jour. Sci. Exploration 22, pp. 179-229 (1998). The results of this workshop
were later published in detail in book form, P. A. Sturrock, The UFO Enigma (Warner
Books, New York, 2000).

[4] J. F. Schuessler, "Cash-Landrum Radiation Case," MUFON UFO Jour. 165, p. 3
(November 1981).

[5] Addendum to Nonlethal Technologies - Worldwide (NGIC-1147-101-98): "Bioeffects
of Selected Nonlethal Weapons," Army INSCOM (Intelligence and Security Command)
Report (1998).

[ 5-a] http://www. wired. com/dangerroom/2008/03/shoe-zapping-ra/

[5-b] http:/1127.0.0.1:4664/cache?event id=135227&schema id=8&g=Bioengineering

(5-c] http://www.thebulletin.org/web-edition/roundtables/the-m ilitary-application-of­
neuroscience-research # rt4022

[6] J. Alexander, Future War: Non-lethal Weapons in Twenty-First-Century Warfare
(Thomas Dunne Books, New York, 1999).

[7] J. Mccampbell, "Effects of UFOs upon people," in H. Evans and J. Spencer, UFOs
1947-1987, the 40-Year Search for an Explanation (Fortean Times, London, 1987).


19
                  UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFICIAL W&li ONLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED,','FOR: OFFIEIAL WSE &••LY

[8] J. Vallee, Confrontations (Ballantine Books, New York, 1990).

[9] A partial summary of official Brazilian Air Force documentation concerning a
months-long series of close-range, well-documented observations of anomalous craft at
Colares in 1977, which includes description of a number of medical injuries, is available
at the website: http://www.ufologie.net/htm/colaresgevaerd01.htm .

[10] Airborne Instruments Laboratory 1956 An observation on the detection by the ear
of microwave signals Proc IRE 44 :2A

[11] Elder JA & Chou CK 2003 Auditory response to Pulsed Radiofrequency Energy
Bioelectromagnetics Supplement 6:5162-5173

[12] Green C. 2009 & 1983 {Unpublished Personal Arch ives}

[13] Guy AW & Chou CK 1982 Effects of High Intensity microwave pulse exposure of rat
brain Radio Science 17(5S):169S-178S

[14] Marino C. et.al. 2000 Effects of microwaves (900 MHz) on the cochlear receptor:
Exposure systems and preliminary results Radiat Environ Biophys 39: 141-147

[15] Kanokov Z. et.al. 2006 On the Influence of Weak Magnetic and Electrical Fields on
the Fluctuations of Ionic Electric Currents in Blood Circulation {Deutsche
Forschungsgemeinschaft DFG 436 RUS 113/705/0-3}

[16] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ionizing radiation

[17] D. Bushnell, "Imaginable technologies for human missions to Mars," Aerospace
America (June 2007), p. 24.

[18] J. Butler, Forensic DNA Typing: Biology, Technology, and Genetics of STR Markers
- 2 nd Edition (Academic Press, New York, 2005).

[19] Marino AA, et.al. 1979 Power Frequency Electric Fields and Biological Stress: A
Cause and Effect Relationship Biol. Effects of ELF: 18 th Hanford Con pps 258-276

[20] Ryan KL et. al. 2000 Radio frequency radiation of millimeter wave length: potential
occupational safety issues relating to surface heating Health Physics 78:170-81

[21] Gandhi O & Riazi I 1986 Absorption of millimeter waves by human beings and its
biological implications Microwave Theory and Techniques, 34(2) 228-235 IEEE
Tra nsactions Feb.

[22] Siegel AM, et. al. 1969 Some biological effects of Low-energy protons on Skin
Radiation Resea rch 37:323-333

[23] Graham RB 1985 The medical records of human exposure to radiofrequency
radiation. I n: The impact of proposed radiofrequency radiation standards on military
operations Advisory Group for Aerospace Research and Development (AGARD) 6-16-8
Lecture Series No. 138

[24] Green C. 2009 & 1978 {Unpublished Personal Archives}


20
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/,<FOR OFFICI0L P!ili OIILY

[25] Machiori PE et.al. 1995 Acute multiple mononeuropathy after accidental exposure
to oven microwaves Occup. Med 45:276-7

[26] Hocking Bet.al. 1988 Assessment of Health after radio-frequency radiation
accident J. Microwave Power and electromagnetic energy 23:67-74

[27] McRee DI & Wachtel H 1986 Elimination of microwave effects on the vitality of
nerves after blockage of active transport Radiat Res 108:260-8

[28] Forman SA et.al. 1982 Psychological symptoms and intermittent hypertension
following acute microwave exposure

[29] Wayne L et.al. 1984 Investigation of an active microwave - hand oven injury J.
Hand Surgery 9A: 132-5

[30] Riddervold IS et. al. 2008 Cognitive function and symptoms in adults and
adolescents in relation to RF radiation from UMTS base stations Bioelectromagnetics
29:257-67

[31] arx iv.orq/abs/0904.1198 2009 On the Influence of Weak Magnetic and Electric
Fields on the Fluctuations of Ionic Electric Currents in Blood Circulation

[32] McRee DI & Wachtel H 1982 Pulse Microwave effects on nerve vitality Radiat Res
91: 212-8

[33] Risling M 2009 Detailed Examples of Radio Frequency, Kinetic Energy, and Electro­
Muscular Devices: a Meta Review NATO RTO-EN-HFM-145: 2-1-2-7

[34] Bassett CA 1989 Fundamental and practical aspects of therapeutic uses of pulsed
electromagnetic fields Crit Rev Biomed Eng 17(5): 415-529

[35] PEMF current human effect literature Green C. 2009; 2,920 citations
http ://scholar.qooq le.cn/scholar?q=PEMFs&hl=en&lr=&btnG=Search ; 255 citations
http://www.ncbi.n lm.nih.gov/sites/entrez

[36] Loo CK et. al 2003 High (15 HZ) and low (1 HZ) frequency transcranial
stimulation have different acute effects on regional cerebral blood flow in depressed
patients Psychol Med 6:997-1--6

[37] C.F. Blackman, et.al. 2007 http://www.bioinitiative.org/report/index.htm The
Bioinitiative Report: A Rationale for a Biologically-based Public Exposure Standard
for Electromagnetic Fields (ELF and RF)

[38] American Cancer Society Radiation Exposures" May, 2009
http://www.cancer.org/docroot/ped/content/ped 1 3x radiation exposure and ca ncer
.:.9.fil2
[39] Lee JJ, et. al. 2008 Acute Radiofrequency irradiation does not affect cell cycle,
migration, and invasion Bioelectromagnetics Dec. 29(8) :615- 25

[40] Green, CC 2001, 2009 Unpublished HIPPA files

[ 41] RF Injury and Brain literature Green C. 2009 8,006 citations

21
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIEIA~ Wili ON~¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /P8Jt 8PPICIIIIL ~!II! 8NLY

http://scholar.goog le.cn/scholar?as q=RF+Brain+injury&num=lO&btnG=Search+Schol
ar&as epq=&as oq=&as eq=&as occt=any&as sauthors=&as publication=&as ylo=&
as yhi=&as allsubj=all&hl=en&lr=&newwindow= 1 73 citations
http://www. ncbi .nl m.n ih .qov/sites/entrez

[42) Sherry, CJ et.al. 1995 Lack of Behavioral Effects after exposure to ultra wide-band
electromagnetic radiation in the microwave frequency range Radiation Research 143(1)
93 -97

[ 43) Brillaud E et. al. 2007 Effect of an acute 900 MHz GSM exposure on glia in the rat
brain: a time-dependent study Toxicology 23891):23 -33

[44) Masuda H. et.al. 2007 Effects of acute exposure to a 1439 MHz electromagnetic
field on the microcirculatory parameters in rat brain In Vivo 21(4) : 555 -62

[ 45) Lai, H 1998 Neurological effects of radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation
Workshop on Biological and health effects of RF electromagnetic fields
www.mapcruzin.com

[46) Lai, H 1997 Neurological Effects of radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation
relating to Wireless Communication Technology www.mapcruzin.com

[ 4 7) About the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical
Modification (ICD-10-CM) http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/about/otheract/icd9/abticd10.htm

[48) Vallee Classification System http://www.yawp.com/3rd- i/rsrc/qloss/v/vallee.html

[ 49) Definition of HI PAA
http://www.medterms.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=31785


22
                 UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED//P8R. 8PPICIIIIL ~!II!! 8NLY


Appendix A: Schuessler Catalog of UFO-Related Human
Physiological Effects (Frequency Distribution)
The Schuessler cata log , UFO-Related Human Physiological Effects, was complied in
1996 by MUFON 's past Director, John F. Schuessler. Covering t he t ime period 1873 -
1994, t he catalog comprises a summa ry of 356 select ed cases of UFO -induced
physiolog ical effects on humans during close encounters. Physiologica l effects
enumerated include such phenomena as para lysis, electrical shocks, feeling of heat,
burns, perception of odors, etc. A comp ilation of the frequency distribution of t hese
effects is en um erated below . The catalog thus constitutes a useful data base from
which it is ant icipated that certain physica l sou rce causes may be inferred.

                                    Table of Effects Frequency

     •   Appa rent abd uctions                                             129
     •   Electromagnetic effects on vehicle(s)                              77
     •   Paralysis                                                          75
     •   Perceived time loss                                                75
     •   Light beam effects                                                 61
     •   Eye injuries (e.g., temporary blindness, conjunctivitis)           54
     •   Heat                                                               43
     •   Medical exam                                                       42
     •   Burns                                                              41
     •   Unconsciousness                                                    33
     •   Marks left on body                                                 33
     •   Significant sound effects (e.g., humming)                           27
     •   Electrical shock                                                    23
     •   Physiological/emotional shock, intense fear                         23
     •   Prickling, ting li ng sensations                                    22
     •   Pain                                                               22
     •   Skin sores, rash                                                   18
     •   Induced headaches, migraines                                       18
     •   Force field impact                                                 18
     •   Nausea, vomiting                                                   17
     •   Sensation of cold                                                  16
     •   Disorientation, confusion                                          14
     •   Ground traces                                                       10
     •   Weakness, fatigue                                                    9
     •   Amnesia                                                              9
     •   Apparent experience of telepathy                                     9
     •   Numbness                                                             8
     •   Significant odors                                                    8
     •   Voice loss                                                           7
     •   Appetite loss                                                        7
     •   Insomnia                                                             7
     •   Perceived time suspension                                            7
     •   Dehydration                                                          6
     •   Swelling of tissues                                                  6
     •   Dizziness                                                            5
     •   Weightlessness, levitation                                           5
     •   Healing                                                              5
     •   Sexual encounters                                                    5
     •   Deaths                                                               5
     •   Diarrhea                                                             4
     •   Hair loss                                                            4
     •   Nightmares                                                           4

23
                     UN CLASSI FIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED//POlt OPPICliltL t.tSI! OHL¥

     •   Claimed ESP development                                            4
     •   Nose bleeds                                                        3
     •   Tastes                                                             3
     •   Ringing in ears                                                    3
     •   Weight loss                                                        3
     •   Breathing problems                                                 3
     •   Urination problems                                                 3
     •   Gynecological problems                                             3
     •   Claimed implant                                                    3
     •   Perceived teleportation                                            3
     •   Stunned                                                            2
     •   Itching                                                            2
     •   Loss of taste                                                      2
     •   Loss of hearin g                                                   2
     •   Induced feeling of calm, serenity                                  2

And, in no particular order, one each of: EM effects on power system, involuntary
muscle movement, induced body odor, wart growth, sooty deposit, mental
enhancement, mental degradation, swallowing difficulty, teeth vibration, fillings
crumbled, hair precipitously turned white, time sped up, unaccounted-for pregnancy,
cancer, fever, stomach sickness, physiological energization, loss of smell, external
control of vehicle, material evidence.


24
                     UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQI.t.k Wili Qfslk¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /P81il 8PPICIIIIL ttSI!!! 8NLY


Appendix B: Green/Morris Example to Show the Global
Breadth of Available Older ICD Case Inputs From Multiple
Data Sources (red =pending ICD classification)
     1. 1952 SOUTH AFRICA, WORCESTER CAPE
     2. 1952/07/22 AUSTRALIA, NSW, SYDNEY
     3. 1952/07/24 ITALY, VICO
     4. 1954/09/10 FRANCE, VALENCIENNES
     5. 1954/09/17 FRANCE, CENON
     6. 1954/09/28 FRANCE, BOUZAIS
     7. 1954/09/30 FRANCE, MARCILLY-SUR-VIENNE
     8. 1954/10/01 FRANCE, BRY
     9. 1954/10/05 FRANCE, LE MANS
     10. 1954/10/07 FRANCE, MONTEUX
     11. 1954/10/09 FRANCE, LAVOUX
     12. 1954/10/11 FRANCE, SASSIER
     13. 1954/10/13 FRANCE, BOURRASOLE
     14. 1954/10/16 FRANCE, BAILLOLET
     15. 1954/10/18 FRANCE, near COHEIX
     16. 1954/10/20 FRANCE, TURQUENSTEIN
     17. 1954/10/20 ITALY, PARRAVICINO D'ERBA
     18. 1954/10/21 ITALY, MELITO
     19. 1954/10/21 FRANCE, LA ROCHELLE
     20. 1954/10/21 FRANCE, POUZOU
     21. 1954/ 10/21 ENGLAND, RANTON, STAFFORDSHIRE
     22 . 1954/10/26 FRANCE, LA MADIERE
     23. 1954/10/27 FRANCE, LINZEUX
     24 . 1954/11/02 BRAZIL, SANTO AMARO
     25. 1954/11/05 FRANCE, LA ROCHE- EN-BRENIL
     26 . 1954/11/08 FRANCE, LA-TESSOUALLE
     27 . 1954/11/08 ENGLAND, CROYDON, SURREY
     28 . 1954/11/13 FRANCE, near BUCHY
     29 . 1054/11/14 ITALY, ISOLA
     30. 1954/12/19 VENEZUELA, VALENCIA
     31. 1955 VIRGINIA
     32 . 1955/01/23 PENNSYLVANIA, DARBY TOWNSHIP
     33 . 1955/03/30 ARIZONA, near TUCSON
     34 . 1955/07/17 ENGLAND, KENT
     35 . 1956/09 FRANCE, SERDON
     36. 1956/10/02 NEW JERSEY, TRENTON
     37 . 1957/09 BRAZIL, CAMPINAS
     38. 1957/11/02 TEXAS, nr. LEVELLAND
     39. 1957/11/04 BRAZIL, FORT ITAIPU
     40. 1957/11/04 NEW MEXICO, near OROGRANDE
     41. 1957/11/05 TEXAS, SAN ANTONIO
     42 . 1957/11/10 OHIO, MADISON
     43 . 1957/12/07 TEXAS, DALLAS
     44. 1958 OHIO, MADISON
     45 . 1958/01/27 PERU, AREQUIPA
     46. 1958 NEW HAMPSHIRE, BETHLEHEM
     47. 1958/10/26 MARYLAND, LOCH RAVEN DAM
     48 . 1959/04/24 BRAZIL, PIATA
     49 . 1959/04/27 BRAZIL, SAO PAULO
     50 . 1959/09/27 OREGON, COOS BAY
     51. 1959/10 SWEDEN, MARIANNELUND
     52 . 1960/03/02 AUSTRIA, LABUTTENDORF
     53 . 1960/04 FRANCE, PUY-DE- DOME

25
               UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFI€I.li:~ W~li QP◄I~¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /P8Jt 8PPICIIIIL ~!II! 8NLY

     54 . 1960/09FLORIDA, BRUNNEL/ST. AUGUSTINE
     55 . 1961/03ENGLAND, PATERSON 'S GROYNE, near DURHAN
     56 . 1962/llARGENTINA, SALTA/SAN MIGUEL DE TUCUMAN
     57 . 1963/08/04ILLINOIS, WAYNE CITY
     58 . 1963/10/12BRAZIL, MONTE-MAIZ
     59. 1964/04/14CALIFORNIA, nr. CHICO
     60 . 1964/06/02NEW MEXICO, HOBBS
     61. 1964/06/29GEORGIA, nr. LAVONIA
     62 . 1964/09/14FRANCE, VALENCIENNES
     63. 1965/ 03/lSFLORIDA, nr . IMOKALLEE (110 miles from Ft.   Myers )
     64 . 1965/09/03TEXAS, nr DAMON
     65. 1965/09/14ENGLAND, nr MERSEA, ESSEX
     66. 1965/12/20MINNESOTA, nr HERMANN
     67 . 1966CANADA, HAMILTON, ONTARIO
     68 . 1966/04NEW YORK, nr SINCLAIRVILLE
     69 . 1966/04/0lOKLAHOMA, TANGIER
     70 . 1966/04/17OHIO, nr AKRON
     71. 1966/04/25PENNSYLVANIA, nr TOWANDA
     72 . 1966/04/28ENGLAND, SAWTRY
     73 . 1967SOUTH DAKOTA, PIERRE
     74 . 1968/01/02CANADA, WHITEHORSE, YUKON
     75 . 1968/02/19 CANADA, BENGOUGH, SASKATCHEWAN
     76 . 1968/03/19OHIO, BEALLSVILLE
     77. 1968/04/04 WISCONSIN, nr. COCHRANE
     78. 1968/06/25 ARGENTINA, SAN LORENZO
     79. 1968/07/01ARGENTINA, RI CARDONE
     80 . 1968/08FRANCE, COTE D'OR REGION
     81. 1968/08NEW YORK, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS, nr. ALBANY
     82 . 1968/08/29NEVADA, nr. ELY
     83 . 1968/09/0lARGENTINA, MENDOZA
     84 . 1968/09/09BRAZIL, LINS
     85 . 1968/11/0lPERU
     86 . 1969/2-4ENGLAND, nr. RAF FAIRFORD, WILTSHIRE
     87 . 1969/02/06BRAZIL, PIRASSUNUNGA
     88. 1969/03/04MISSOURI, nr. ATLANTA
     89. 1969/03/06MISSOURI, GLENWOOD
     90 . 1969/03/llBRAZIL, CAMPINAS, SAO PAULO
     91. 1969/06/19ENGLAND, DOCKING
     92 . 1970/08/30BRAZIL, ITATIAIA
     93 . 70/8 or 9AUSTRALIA, SYDNEY, NEW SOUTH WALES
     94 . 1970/10/29NORWAY, JAEREN
     95 . 1971/08/0lAUSTRALIA, GLADSTONE, QUEENSLAND
     96 . 1971/09/20SWEDEN, nr. ALVBYNVAGEN


26
                UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /P8R. 8PPICIIIIL ~!II!! 8NLY


Appendix C
Green /Morris I CD-Codes [47] versus Environmental Effects after Vallee CE2,CE4,CES;
ANS; MAS; FBS Ratings [48] ; SVP (Source, Visit, Possible explanation and ratings not
germane) in dra~- progress.

NOTES:

1} The National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS), the Federal agency responsible for
use of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health
Problems, 10th revision (ICD-10) in the United States, has developed a clinical
modification of the classification for morbidity purposes.

The clinical modification represents a significant improvement over ICD-9-CM and ICD-
10. Specific improvements include: the addition of information relevant to ambulatory
and managed care encounters; expanded injury codes; the creation of combination
diagnosis/symptom codes to reduce the number of codes needed to fully describe a
condition [ 4 7]

2} Vallee Ratings [ 48]


                                       AN RATING
I                         Classifies any anomalous behaviour.

F    Anomali~s which h~ve no lasting physical effects. i.e. amorphous lights,
     unexplained explosions.

F    Anomalies which do have lasting physical effects. i.e. poltergeists, materialized
     objects, areas of flattened grass, corn circles.

F    Anomalies with associated entities. i.e. ghosts, yetis, spirits, elves and other
     mythical/legendary entities.

F    Witness interaction with the AN3 entities. i.e. near-death experiences, religious
     miracles and visions, OBEs (out-of-body experiences).


F
     Anomalous reports of injuries and deaths. i.e. SHC(spontaneous human
     combustion), unexplained wounds as well as permanent healing that results from
     a paranormal experience.


27
                  UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /P8Jt 8PPICIIIIL ~!II! 8NLY


                                         MA RATING
    Describes behavior of a UFO. It is analogous to the Nocturnal Light, Daylight Disk and
                             Radar Visua l Hynek classifications.

FI      A UFO has been observed which travels in a discontinuous trajectory. i.e. vertical
        drops, maneuvers or loops.
IMA2 IMAl plus any physical effects caused by the UFO.

FI      M_Al plus any entities observed on board. i.e. the airship cases of the late
        nineteenth century.
IMA4 !Maneuvers accompanied by a sense of reality transformation for the observer.
IMAS IA maneuver that results in a permanent injury or death of the witness.


                                           FB RATING
                                           Fly-by rating.
IFB1 IA simple sighting of a UFO traveling in a straight line across the sky.
IFB2 !FBl accompanied by physical evidence.
IFB3 IA fly-by where entities are observed on board (rare).
r:=1A f!y-by where the witness experienced a transformation of reality into the object
lr1e1-. or its occupants.
b       lA fly-by which the witness would suffer permanent injuries or even death. i.e.
lrg;;;i CASH/LANDRUM CASE .


                                        CE RATING
I           Close Encounter rating. Similar to the Hynek Close Encounter ratings .
C:lu'.o comes within 500 f~et of the witness, but no after effects are suffered by the
l"'c.1. witness or the surrounding area.
lce2 IA CEl that leaves landi ng traces or injuries to the witness.
lce3 !Entities have been observed on t he UFO.
lcE4 IThe witness has been abducted.
Ices lcE4 which results in permanent psychological injuries or death.

3} HIPAA Compliance of this Study - HIPAA: Acronym that stands for the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, a US law designed to provide privacy
standards to protect patients' medical records and other health information provided to
health plans, doctors, hospitals and other health care providers. Developed by the
Department of Health and Human Services, these new standards provide patients with
access to their medical records and more control over how their personal health
information is used and disclosed. They represent a uniform, federal floor of privacy
protections for consumers across the country. [49]


28
                    UNCLASSIFIED/fFOA OFFIQIAL: Wili QP◄IL:¥
       IP!IPAuo JPI l!DS!l.l!JOPQ :;uwpfo\:f ~!J.llf!I
                       p.1fqo moJJ i.1 Wl!l~
                Jl:,}J lll(UJ ~ W1:u ~OJ~l.\-~nlfl

                 .unnr.,i J.l "Od p;,.1u., 1J:.ldx:4


                   l»fqo i. tt1.»Js;>J01jtbo11d,,
                       >Jtl JOl(SQ ,(q l!lf
           (d111111" '"'l'Jlll 1) 1»fq o    ~"!"'"' I'".!                 ::
                         "o 'i;uprr.1   o.~n


                     Q,ffl : IJM)UOJ Jl'lm (I\

                       ""''"'' d o~n IPA
                                 JOPQ

        IU!l Jl,\ Jll J»fqo P,'l lU!ll ,. p1our,Wnt1fo upg .,         ~
                                                                .
                   ,.sp1ouuwmv~u_pq., &ms
                s111r,.l 111n1 11il lfJnop .Cq ~P"JlS
                                                                -"'
                                                                ,,;
                                                                      ~
                    mr~,11 P IOI,\ "',\q )f) flJIS

                    m~ilfl u»B u Ac1]IJJUIS
                     m11;tq p;tJ • ,( q )tJflJI S

                    Jl(a!IJ• 11n" 'I l q ~' "'IS
                       lll'!l 'll'l" JO l..,.ff
                          }ti'3rJ J O 11Ul30


                   M l:)/ll{arJ \l~IIIUQ•P->H

                 Ml:)/ll(,irt >lf11·• •q '!l(IJn,1

                        ''°l!)Jllillrl u;,>J :)

                       ""l::>fl,(iln • 1d,n,1
                                                                          :e
                                                                          'fi          C
                      MOf:)/Jll~rl :t~UCJ Q                                            II.I
                                                                          .,...        t,,I
                         • • 1::>!lt¢1'1 l"H
                                                                                       I&.
                   ,.01::i11•(,ln • 11qA\ 11111,, u                                    t,,I
                       MOl!)/llf,fn 111~µ0
                                                                                       (I)
                                                                                       (I)
                ••t•N l"' Ul~•d<un PIIO'l Jl" II
                     ;)~ !ON J O)ll.QI U,l !} Jf~ l-1

               punos >U!IIA\ ,,..,11 ...~uI" "'II
                                                                                       :3
                                                                                       u
C
II.I                 ilS!0 1 ffu pp!JIIS Jl!illl
                                                                                       z
                                                                                       :::,
t,,I
                      punos ilurr.mg Jn.11I
I&.
t,,I
                      1nmos ~ll!J1tOMJltlfl
(I)
(I)                 punos i U!IISPI,\\ " '°II
<(                    ptmos ~!J~!I I J~ f I
-'
u                   punos illl! WIIIDf-1 lllil f I

z
:::,
                   11 ra 11 l))(ll"~,\ ~11m JlfilfJff
                      11011, ,np(j'V ,~"'3 ).l il


                                                                                  °'
                                                                                  N
                                       UNCLASSIFIED//FOA OFFIOlallL ~9C ertti


Loss or appetite                                                                                        61                                                                                     61                                                              61
                                                                   r         t     +                                  t         r                                                   t
Loss or smel R43
Loss onasle R43                   -            46
                                               46        - ,- t -  +-        +-
                                                                             t
                                                                                   t
                                                                                                        61
                                                                                                                      +-
                                                                                                                      t
                                                                                                                                                                           ~
                                                                                                                                                                                -   +-
                                                                                                                                                                                               61
                                                                                                                                                                                                              46
                                                                                                                                                                                                              46                                               61
Nausea R11
Numbness                          -                      ,-    +- +- +- -                                             t
                                                                                                                                    10
                                                                     +                             t                                                                                ,-   ,-
Face
Pam
                                  ,-
                                          75             72,75
                                                                     +-                            ,-
                                                                                                                     75
                                                                                                                                              +-                           - - +- +                     72
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        83
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               72                        75
                                  +-                                                   +-
Bacl<sches                                                                         t               +-
                                                                                                              5


                                                                                                                                                                                          7 8,
                                                                                                                                                                                          121
                                                                                                                                                                                          4,15
                                                                                                                                                                                              16,
                                                                                                                                                                                          22,2
                                                                                                                                                                                          3,24
                                                                                                                                                                                          ,27,
                                                                                                                                                                                          28,3                          16,
                                                                                                                                                                                          4,39                          18, 8,15
                                                                                                                                                                                          ,40, 7,2                      39, ,19,                    22,24 ,2
                                                                                                                                                                                          47,5 7,4                      47, 23,2                    5,26,36
                                                                                                                                                                                          9,89 0,7                      59, 6 28                    ,38,56,
                                                                                                                                                                                          ,93, 2,9                      88, ,34,        14,2        66,93, t
Paralysis                                           14        72                                                                    15 80          94,102             14       12 40      94        4                   94 72           0           00
Arm (Unspec1f1e<i)                                                                                                                                                                              3       3
Prickling sensation R20.2                                                                                                                                             68                       68 68                           19                   36,38,6
Pncklmg III face
Pr1ck/111g m scalp                                                                                                                                                                                                      41
Pr1ck/111g from /he 1va1sl down                                                                         61                                                                                     61                                                              61
Sensation of coldlcoolmg effect                                                                                                                                                                                                                          67
Sensa!Jon of heat                        2,49 71 51 48                  79                  102    2 51       9 49         74            80          102         98    9                                     2,7              9,26 69               26,29,3    49 48 81
Shuddenng feeling
Acidic Taste R43.8                                                                                                                                                                                                      82
Tingling sensabon R20.2                                                           85              45                                15                                                         15                              15              11        45
Vibrauon                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       11
Voice loss R49 1(Aj>honia)
Weakness R53
Weightlessness                                                                                                                                                                                                     60                                    87
Optic
Blindness (Temporary)                                                                       102 90                                                   102
Bloodshot Ete
Right Eye                                                                                                    77                                                  77
 Ey_eache H57.1
 Eye burns                                                                                        90
 Eye inJUnes                                                                                                                        10
 Eye imtation                                                                                     52                                                        99                                                                                           99
 Eyes swollen                                                                                                                                                                                                           88
Jight-sensilM!                                                                                                5


30
                                                               UNCLASSIFIED/fFOlil OFFJiCJiOL: !!SE ON! Y
                                          UNCLASSIFIED//FOA OFFIOlallL ~9C ertti


Tearing (Bolh eyes)                                                                                                                            80
Physiological effects
Dehydrabon E86
Fatigue R53                                                                                                 5
Gynecological problems
Hair loss L65--l66                             2                                                   2                                                                                                2
Sweling of tissue
Glands                                                                                                 61                                                                                61                                                                        61
                                                                                +    I                                 +                                                       t                                                                +
Face &Ups R22.0
                                     -         2
                                                             -   -                   rI -
                                                                                                   2
                                                                                                                                 -        ,.            .            - -       -                    2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -        -                 -    -
Teshcles
Unnat,on problems R30-R3_9           -
                                          ➔

                                                                 .          +
                                                                            +
                                                                                +-
                                                                                +    +
                                                                                                       61
                                                                                                       61
                                                                                                                       t
                                                                                                                       +         +
                                                                                                                                                    +

                                                                                                                                                    '
                                                                                                                                                            +
                                                                                                                                                                          ,-   +
                                                                                                                                                                                         61
                                                                                                                                                                                         61
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 +        +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            +   +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                +    ,-            61
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   61
Weight loss R63.4
Respiratory
Braalhingproblems                                                                                                                                                                                               82                     20
Skin (R20-R23)
Marks leH on lhe body R21
Red Spots on face and hands                                                                    I                                                                                                                62
Rash R21
Skin blotches and peeing
                                     -         2
                                                             - +            +   +    +    -        2
                                                                                                                       +         +                  +                ,-   - + + ...                 2
Skin red
Skin sores R21
                                                                            +   +    +                                 + +                          +
                                                                                                                                                                          -    + +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                88

Face &Hands
Unspecified Locefion                 -         2                                                   2                                                                                                2
Spontaneous Healing
Heating of Injured TisSIJ8                                                                                                  74
/.Jte-rhreatening illness
                                     - +           +-    +   - -            +   +    t    -    t--                                   65
Thermal eff~slinjury (T20-T32)
First/Second/Unspecified Degree Bums
Arms                                                    71                  - - ;.r                -
                                                                                                                                                                                   j.              71                                                         66


                                                                                               !
                                                                                t-                 t
                                                                                                                       t                                                       t                                          +
Back of hands
Body                                 -        49
                                                        13
                                                                 -          +   +    ~    -        +
                                                                                                                 49
                                                                                                                       +         +                  +                >    - + +
                                                                                                                                                                                   +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 +        +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    13 13
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   49
Face                                               . 46
                                                                            +   +    t             +                   +         +                                             +
                                                                                                                                                                                                   46
                                                                                     t                                                                                         t   t                                                                 +                  <
Rlghr hand
                                     -                                                                                                                                         +   +          ,                  +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              42
f!!Ispecifi~ Hand (~ mch bum)
Unspecified Local/On
                                     -    +        +     +
                                                             -         76
                                                                                         86
                                                                                                   ---
                                                                                                            76        7~                                    T

                                                                                                                                                                86
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              76

Third Degree BJms/Cll_ar!!fl!L_
Body                                 -        49             -   +          +
                                                                                '                  -             49    r         +                  +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   49
Flesh appeared cooked
Hair singed L66                                         13
                                                                            -   T
                                                                                     r             T

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    13 13
                                     -                           -          +   +    t    -        - ,'                +-        +                  +                +-   +-   +   ./-        +-        +   ,                                       -  -
Rad1al!Oll·like
Sunburn-like
                                     ,-                          ...        +   +    +    ,-
                                                                                               f   +                   t         +                  +                ~
                                                                                                                                                                          -    +   + ...                +
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     53                                       53
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              50


31
                                                                        UNCLASSIFIED/fFOlil OFFJiCJiOL: !!SE ON! Y
