{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1975-03-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181120","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"109gze8","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181120,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dog reacted to domed object over treetopsForm
97-AR
Date: Sat, 01 Oct 2005

From: Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist
Subject: Mellen,
Wisconsin, March 14, 1975

Cat:
4
To: NICAP

Animal Reaction
Feature:

Jane Mellen, 15, went outdoors on this morning to look
around after she and her family saw an unidentified object the night
before.1 She saw the same or a similar
silver domed disc, now hovering over some evergreens.1 She went inside for heavier clothing and when she came out she
brought the family dog with her. As they walked toward the evergreens, the dog
gave a big yelp and started to whine and paw at her ears and then became
completely still.1 Jane carried the dog
back into the house because she refused to move. Jane heard nothing.

Joan Woodward, Animal
Reaction Specialist:

At 9 p.m. on March 13, Jane was putting the family1s cats
into the garage when she heard some 1strange high-toned noises.11 She saw a silvery, disc-shaped object with a
domed top that seemed to be sitting on the road into Mellen.1 The object gave off a yellow-white glow that
lit up the hill it was sitting on.1
Around its midsections were blinking red and green lights.

Jane went into the house and alerted her family.1 Six members, including her mother and
father, saw the object, although at this point the glow had subsided and the
red and green lights were not visible. There was now a square lighted area with
rounded corners in the middle of the object, apparently an opening, and this
square area had the same yellow-white glow as seen earlier. While her father
was on the phone with authorities, a loud boom was heard, and when Jane looked,
the object was gone.

The next morning Jane and the dog had the experience
described above.

No EM effects were reported, no sound was heard when the dog
was present and observed, and no physiological effects were reported.1 There were ground marks in the form of a
round fluffed up area of snow on the road where the object had been seen on
March 13 at 9 p.m.

Source:

Lorenzen, Coral and Jim, l976, Encounters with UFO Occupants,
New York, Berkley Medallion Books, p. 337-339 [Copied below]:

1111 The last
apparent 1repair job1 took place on the night of March 13, 1975, near the small
town of Mellen in northern Wisconsin.1
The Philip Baker family was engaged in various pastimes and occupations
in and around their rural home outside of Mellen.1 Mr. Baker was sitting in the living room with his shoes off
watching television and it was time for fifteen-year-old Jane to take the
family cats out to the garage for the night.1
The Bakers are sure of the time19:00 P.M., for the adventure series
1Harry-O1 had just started on the television.

1111 Jane got nearly
to the garage door when she heard 1strange high-toned noises,1 and turning
around, looked up at the hill to the north and saw an object apparently sitting
on the road into Mellen.1 The whole hill
was lit up, she said, and she described the object as a silvery, disc-shaped
object with a domed top which gave off a yellow-white glow.1 Around its midsection were located
alternating red and green lights which blinked on and off.

1111 Jane put the
cats in the garage and then went back into the house to get her father.1 She said, 1There1s a thing on the hill up
the road.11 Mr. Baker hurriedly put on
his shoes and they both went outside to look at it.1 At this point the glow was subsiding and the flashing red and
green lights were no longer in evidence.1
There was no noise at this time but there was a square lighted area with
rounded corners in the middle of the object.1
This area, which appeared to be an opening, had the same yellow-white
glow that the top of the object had had earlier when Jane viewed it along.

1111 The two then
walked to a position beyond the garage where they were able to hear a
metal-on-metal banging sound coming from the direction of the object.1 Partly because it was cold, and partly
because Mr. Baker wanted to call authorities, the two went back into the house
and he made a telephone call to the under-sheriff.1 While he was talking on the phone they heard a loud boom and when
Jane looked out again the object was gone.

1111 When Jane
initially came into the house to get her father she pointed out the object to
Mrs. Baker as well as three other members of the family, eleven-year-old Jeff,
twelve-year-old John and sixteen-year-old Montgomery, so that they also viewed
the object.

1111 The next morning
Jane went outside to see if she could find any traces from the previous
night.1 She looked over toward the swamp
near her home and saw the same or a similar object again1only this time there
were no flashing lights or glow.1 The
shape and color were the same, however, and it was hovering over some evergreen
trees.1 She went back into the house to
put on heavier clothing and when she came back outside she brought the family
dog with her.1 She was starting toward
the evergreens when the dog gave a big yelp and started to whine and paw at her
ears, and then became completely still.1
Jane said that she could hear nothing and carried the dog back into the
house because it refused to move.1 When
she came back out again the object was gone.

1111 Later in the
morning she and Monty and John walked to the spot where the object had been
seen the night before.1 They found a
round area on the road where the snow was 1fluffed up.11 There were tire tracks over the area where a
car had passed after the object had left, but there were also bicycle tracks
leading up to it, and taking up again on the other side.1 These tracks made by one of the boys riding
his bicycle the morning before.1 The
1fluffed up1 area where the object had been sitting apparently obliterated
parts of the bicycle tracks.

1111 This
1fluffed-up1 condition of the snow is a new phenomenon where UFO landings are
concerned, and while we can easily understand1
how a jet of flame can burn vegetation or an antigravity propulsion
system could partially dislodge bits of earth when a UFO takes off, it is hard
to understand how the snow condition relates to the UFO. It did occur to us
that had that really been a repair-service stop, possibly the repair/servicemen
1fluffed1 the snow up in order to cover their tracks and destroy any evidence
of their presence there.
