{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5491686.json","updb_database_id":5491686}
{dr}They look like stars but move around get closer and farther away like they want you to notice them.

Every night this is happening. Go outside and see what appear to be stars larger than normal some of them, some of them smaller. They move changing directions on a dime or stopping on a dime. while looking at one, you catch one in your peripheral vision but look and it's not there. But if you look between the stars and not look directly at them, you can see more stars and when you go to directly look at them they disappear. They are communicating. They are everywhere you just don't see them all until they turn on their lights which are situated i think deliberately to look like a star. But a star does not appear below cloud cover and they go up and get smaller as they are ascending. Then one will descend and get brighter and bigger. Real stars do not do this. They are everywhere and want to communicate. i can ask questions in my head yes or no and it will go up and down for yes and left and right for no. I thought I was hallucinating until I looked online and saw this is happening to other people all over the world. Thank god. I thought it was just me. I'm so glad it's not. But something must be getting ready to happen if this is happening to people all around the world seeing the very same thing. I'm very relieved to know it's not just me. I finally decided to just try looking it up on the internet and uncovered people's stories that match mine exactly. Don't think this could all be a coincidence. 

I first notice a HUGE star right outside my back door in the sky. While looking it started moving side to side, left, then right, up, then down, then in circles. I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me but i had other people look and they were seeing it also. I felt emotions, some very sad, I felt something was communicating in my mind and me talking back in mine. Sometimes it will ascend and disappear and I just go back inside. But they are out there every night and obviously want our attention or they wouldn't be moving seeming faster than the speed of light and then stopping on a dime. It's awesome to just watch them and take it in. Something's going to happen, that is what they say. I think they are picking certain people, species of animals, etc. to take cause something catastrophic is going to happen to make the planet not habitual for awhile and we're either going to another planet or just waiting to be returned when the earth has healed. We have damaged the earth over the past 50 years so severely, we are about to reap what we have sown. They don't want the entire human race and other species to be completely irradicated.  i have sent MUFON other videos of these stars moving and since deleted them so I will do more video tonight and send it.
