{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-02 04:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5482686.json","updb_database_id":5482686}
{rjl} Smoke or contrail left in Easter morning sky after earlier meteor flash, object to the right.

First of all, I did not see or hear the so called meteor that flashed through the Eastern Arizona skies at what was reported to be 03:57am MST and apparently was also visible in Utah, New Mexico, California, Texas, and Nevada. 

I was standing at the 19th avenue and Northern train station at 4:48 am when I noticed what appeared to be high altitude missile contrails due East in the illuminated sky just prior to sunrise. I have seen these contrails on many occasions usually occurring right before if not at sunrise. These occurrences are usually explained as being missile tests from White Sands, New Mexico which is East Northeast about 410 miles away. 

I am employed within the aerospace industry and one of the projects I am certified on is the "THAAD" (Thermal High Altitude Aerial Defense) program, and that is all I will say about that subject.

Being that I was standing there looking at what appeared to be scattered contrails, I decided to snap a couple pictures with my phone camera. I showed a few people at work that day but didn't really look closely at the pictures for a week or so. 

I have a friend on the East coast that I sent the first of the 3 pictures to and after the fact is when I noticed the anomaly. 

On the first picture along the right border there appears to be an illuminated object which when zoomed appears to be a large distant cylindrical craft with the curved bottom illuminated by the rising sun. In the second picture it appears to be turning, and in the third it is gone. I snapped these one after the other and all 3 are time stamped at 04:49AM MST. 

Moments ago, just prior to starting this report, I searched the web and found multiple You-Tube videos that show that same anomaly. I am certain you will search them for yourself if this anomaly hasn't already been acknowledged. I find it hard to believe that I am the only observer that has noticed this. I am attaching a forth photo, which is actually the first photo with the area cropped out, blown up in size, and pasted on top next to where the actual object is pictured. 

Several years ago I submitted a report and it was explained away as "Chinese lanterns" which I excepted as a reasonable explanation for what I saw. Please explain this.
