{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-09-05 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5503686.json","updb_database_id":5503686}
{nd} first one then three made several moves stopping for several min. after each move. then left in hurry.

I was 9 or 10 yrs. old, so 1964,65. Warm summer day about 9pm. I was at the end of my street and decided to lay down in a neibours nice cool grass with my hands under my head. I couldn't believe all the stars out that night. The sky was full of them. As i looked around at all these stars i noticed one way over to my left moving across the sky to my right.(these just looked like other stars). It wasn't moving fast, like it didn't want to be noticed.It continued heading right until it got over to my right then went in between two others which also looked like stars. It got a little ways past them and then they began to follow it. Triangle formation. They went a little further then stopped and sat there for several min. Finally they moved again, about a 45 degree angle to the right for a short distance then stopped again for several min.(the angle was down). Then the one in front went back between the other two going R to L and again they followed for a short distance then stopped again. Then they moved down on another angle and stopped again.Each time they would move they would sit for several min. They moved again from L to R but didn't change places this time. They moved again down on an angle and sat there. I didn't have any idea what i was looking at and i didn't really care. What ever they were doing up there they must have been done because they left in a hurry. They went from the right side of the sky to the left in 1 sec. then made a 90 degree turn and shot up into space and were gone in less than a blink of an eye. I just got up to walk home and thought to myself, gee, there are other beings living in the universe, how cool. There is more to this story, things that happened later in my life that i still don't understand. But i know we're not alone and there technology is far more advanced than anything we'll ever have. Thanks for this website. Hope to hear from you.
