{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84588","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5475686.json","updb_database_id":5475686}
{dr}I am pretty sure this object KNEW I saw it. I am sure that once I acnolaged it's presents thatso when things got really weird.

My husband and I were sitting outside together on our back porch when I turned around and saw a an orange fireball like object in the sky originally I thought it looked like a super nova (a star exploding in the sky) so I jumped up and grabbed my Nikon dsl 3300 and snapped a sshot of the fireball and as soon as I did the bobject started to move from the west (where I sfirst saw it) to the east (moving closer overhead) and then I asked my husband what it was because a start wouldn't move that way. Once I said something the ball looked like a slow moving exploding fireball and then the lights were just out. But we could still see the object over head. It then cot closer and closers (northeast) that's when I could see what the bottom of the object looked like. It was a dull grey sphere with dark rings starting from the middle and getting bigger towards the outside of the object. (I also filled as much as I can but the object was too dark at this time but you can here what was said and a single orange flash from the object and one photograph that just turned out like and orange blob) and as I said that it was for sure a ufo it stopped hovering above us and it's lights went back on and it went over the trees towards the north east. As soon as I saw the object I called my mom because I thought she would be the only one to believe me and I called her at 10:33 pm Saturday June 24, 2017. It's 11:37 and I just went to upload the images from my camera to the comouter and my whole card has been corrected. I have no evidence.. even AFTER I showed my husband the video AND the images. 
Of this ufo. I will afmit. I feel VERY uncomfortable right now as I am submitting this. And I would like a response of somekind. Thank you.
