{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-29 05:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5478686.json","updb_database_id":5478686}
{cak} i observed 2 oval shaped objects going into a slit in the sky in close proximity to where i was. the incident lasted approximately 5 to 10 seconds.

On December 29th 2013 at 5:29 a.m.i was delivering newspapers for the san antonio express-news. It was a very cold and it was raining with thunder and lighting. i was about to porch a paper at 906 cravens and i was concerned about the lightning and i looked up at the sky and saw 1 object appeared green and oval but bullet shaped but only the upper part of a bullet.i saw a vertical line, short but dark in color like a pencil mark. the first object started going into this slit and then another object, same as the first appear. It was offset from the first,but as i looked it became transparent. At that point i saw it only it in outline form. in dead center was a perfectly round white ball.Through the transparency of the object i could actually see the sky and lighting. then the second object went into the slit and disappeared. I was stunned at what i had just witnessed and stood there with my mouth open, literally. The incident took about 5 to 10 seconds. At first i thought it was at a good distance but then as i collected my thoughts, i realized that it was quite close to me. As a stargazer since i was 9 yrs old, i am always looking up at the sky hoping to see something. i do believe that we are not alone in the universe and always hoped to see a ufo before i die. So as i saw these objects, the first thing i thought was that it was a perfect storm for this to happen. I believe these objects were probes and the slit they went into was a portal into another dimension. I have read many books and articles, ancient aliens and anything that i can find to acquire as much knowledge about this subject. So i immediately noted the date and time that this occurred. I wasn't looking at the sky as i usually do because of the weather conditions i was only concerned about the lighting. I did experience feeling paranoid about thinking about this. almost afraid to tell anyone, which i did to only my best friend. at this he responded that he wished he had what ever i was on. so i never spoke about it to anyone. Only now do i feel safe to disclose what i saw that night.I did write about it and drew the objects but i couldn't find those notes. i can draw them again but don't know how to upload them.
