{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5510686.json","updb_database_id":5510686}
{dr}sudden light source appeared behind me. No noise, hovering. Very bright maybe 30ft high, 30ft. away. white in color linear in arrangement. I ran.

Two 15 yr. old males (myself and the other)were trespassing onto a local golf course one night. We were waiting on a bench to meet up with two female friends/classmates. At about 12am one of the two girls called to tell us they couldnt sneak out. After my friend was finished with his conversation, in the blink of an eye the area in front of us just lit up with stadium like lighting. There was no new sound to accompany this light. The two of us immediately stood, turning to see what it was, very aware of the fact we were trespassing. 

What I saw was a row of white spotlights, one next to the other closely grouped in a linear/horizontal arrangement, they also seemed level. The lights themselves werent anything special. They looked like lights at a ball field. However they were about 30ft away and maybe as high.

They could have been even closer, it is hard to say with such panic, and such a brief look. With that said at that time I would have to say that the lights were not moving, they were "just there." I can say however that the lights were too high to have been hand held spot lights. Along with that they were too level. (Imagine ten or so security cops holding heavy lights mounted on the top of tall poles standing on uneven ground while keeping them uniform in height, and distance from one another. 

The only thing between them and us was a single tree that was just a bit shorter in height,than the lights were in altitude. The tree itself was only ten or fifteen feet from the bench we had been sitting in. I estimate the lights were around double or triple that from us. One thing about judging this is that large lights farther away can look a lot like smaller lights closer in. I do not think they were far though, I think they were close as in very, very close!

If I had to say I would count maybe ten lights measured from left to right, and a bus, bus and a half in length front to rear. The lights were bright enough to block out anything they may have been fastened to. And too close together to tell one from the other. However I must have seen something to have made the assumption that they were not a bar of light, but instead many circular lights grouped together in a level, linear arrangement as previously described.

At that point animal instinct took over and the two of us took off like deer having just heard a nearby gun shot. Neither I or my friend turned to look back. We both ran out of there the way we came in, which thankfully was a short distance to a neighboring/wooded lot. When we ran I at least knew deep down it wasnt from any local police or anything like that. I can not describe the fear...

The other witness and I were not very close. You see he was more of a "friend of a friend." His girl knew another and she wanted to meet me and he was just trying to make it happen. It never did. He and I never really talked about it much. I did bring it up but it was never in a situation where it was just the two of us. He would just laugh and said "huh I don't know what we saw", but the look on his face said much< much more when saying it, and that was something only I picked up on. It was me that he was talking to after all.

It has been nearly twenty yrs. since this happened so I have had time to think about it. I have had no dreams or events that I can attach to this night. I still had to get through high school and find a job blah,blah,blah. I have given MUFON this report in hopes that they will contact me. I have no interest in going on TV. I just don't want to die with out telling them. I also think giving them details left out of this report can help make them better at what they do. 

I have had a stealth bomber fly over me while on the highway. It is quite an experience. It can appear to be much larger than it is. That is because it is flying very low. The lower it is the more sky it will block from your view. It seems silent because it is a flying wing with the exhaust on the top. The sound is reflected upward away from the ground. Flying wings can also fly slow enough to glide for the most part.

Flares burn giving of smoke. If they are close enough their own light will make the smoke visible. Chem. light is old news and could be used in flares. I do not know how what I saw could have snuck up on my friend and I like it did. These things happen I guess. There are plenty of military sensitive locations near where this happened. I can imagine tech made by man being able to do stuff like what I saw and more. But using it to check on two little heat signatures like me and my friend? I don't know.

Really, what does it take to get a F16 in the air? More than a couple of teenagers thats for sure. Perhaps there was a new presidential escape route under that ground somewhere? and a drill was being ran...with the President! who knows. If there are aliens here they are most likely from this solar system. To see all while unseen would be the ultimate advantage, wouldnt it?

Stop me if youve heard this one before, "I don't know what I saw that night, but I know I saw it." I had been on that golf course a few times before that night and saw nothing. However it only takes that one time. And Im telling you, you couldnt pay me to go back.

As an American born and raised national security is my main concern on this subject. There is nothing anyone could offer me that will change that.
I am not a good writer but I did try my best to type this up correctly and to make it a good read. Not because I am telling a story. I just want to make sure people read it.
