{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-07 22:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5485686.json","updb_database_id":5485686}
{rjl} One craft either was a small plane or acted like one,the other light wasn't noticed at the time

I was at home at night and walked out onto my deck with my dog and immediately saw a very bright light appearing stationary in the southeast sky in the direction of a small airport for personal aircraft approximately 1-2 miles away. I knew right away it was unusual so I knocked on the window to my fianc1 to bring my camera(Canon PowerShot SD700IS). There were bare trees and rooftops in that direction for a reference and I noticed it drifted to the left a few feet gauging at arms length and then drifted to the right of its original position fairly quickly. About that time my fianc1 came out with my camera and it banked left and headed southwest or to my right. There was no noise noticed up to that point and all of the sudden it sounded like a small aircraft with a single engine giving full throttle like it was climbing but it wasn't,just banking. I also saw seemingly typical flashing navigation lights at that time. I thought that whole event itself was kind of strange but convinced myself it was a small plane because of the engine noise,which you can hear in the video. So this morning 1/23/2016 I decided to look at the video on my computer for the first time and noticed the light on the left,which is the one I thought was the plane,doesn't really look like plane lights. But stranger than all of that was the light I never noticed when making the video. You see it to the right of the light i was filming and it started out very bright white and then dimmed to a star like light,appeared to jump a rather large distance instantly, and then rapidly shot down towards the ground at about a 45 degree angle and left the screen. Several seconds later it appears to be moving parallel with the ground moving to the left on the screen at the bottom. This is my second sighting I have reported but have seen several things in the sky in the past year that I can't explain. I live near and in the flight path of Louisville International airport. I was very excited when I first saw it,but then decided it was a plane but kept filming anyway. I lost sight of it because of dense trees.
