{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5496686.json","updb_database_id":5496686}
Looked like star, only bigger. Starless sky. Light was pulsating through bedroom window. Not moving. Suddenly disappeared, then came back. Object turned grey, faded then ascended into sky and disappeared.

I had just got into bed, it was around 3am in the early hours of Sunday morning, 18th Jan. There are several gaps in my blinds where they have fallen down, and in one of the largest gaps there was a bright light in the sky. There was no light outside because of council cuts - no streetlamps. We also do not live by main road. The sky was starless, and it was pitchblack in every other area of the sky. I think there must have been heavy cloud cover. Previous weather had been that it was sleeting and hailing in the evening. The light looked like a star but bigger, and it was bright white, but the light was throbbing and pulsating from it - at first I thought it was a plane, but I realised later that it couldn't have been because the object was stationary. I stayed in bed and didn't go to the window to look, and from the gap in the blinds, the object drifted to the right handside of the window. The object then disappeared altogether for a brief amount of time, before it returned. The light was still throbbing and then all of a sudden it faded and turned into a greyish colour, and it ascended upwards into the sky and disappeared. I also had bright pink fairylights on at the time and I have heard that bright lights can attract such life? My mum had a similiar experience when she was 6, where bright pink light flooded in through the window, which makes me think that UFOs are attracted to a different light colouring. Experience lasted about 10 minutes altogether.
