{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-05 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459686","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2491,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/686/mufon-5459686.json","updb_database_id":5459686}
{rjl} Numerous lights in north sky

While looking out the window to the north sky before retiring on the evening of July 4, 2019, (actually July 5, as it was 1 a.m.), I saw two lights zip by in a straight line towards the northwest of our location. At first I thought it was a shooting star, so I watched the sky for more. It became almost covered by lights hovering, ascending, descending, going in all directions. One particularly bright light was visible just above a large tree at the back of our yard, toward the shoreline. We live on the shore of Lake Huron. The bright light remained stationery, then dropped down. Then it repeatedly reappeared and dropped out of sight again. I hollered to my husband to wake up and come to the window to look. He awoke and joined me at the window, and he saw the same lights. I called 911 to report it, and told the lady to just go outside and look. I e-mailed a number of friends/relatives, in hopes that someone was still awake. I told them to go outside NOW and look. However, nobody was awake. I went back to the window, and the lights were still there. I went to bed and covered my head, shaking violently. It was extremely frightening to me. I do not have a smart phone, so I couldn't take a video. My camera is a regular camera, and I didn't think I could get any pictures in the dark. My hands were shaking too hard, anyway. These lights were similar to lights my husband and I saw while driving home from church one evening, when we lived in Dryden, MI. That date was December 11, 1994, at 8:15 p.m. We literally stopped our pickup truck and got out and stood on the road, watching the lights literally zip all over the sky. No other cars were out that evening, as it is a rural area. At that time, the lights finally gathered into a cluster, gave off a bright flash, and disappeared from the sky. I called the police to report it when we got home.
