{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-28 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63546","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5495876.json","updb_database_id":5495876}
{rjl} bright star like, stationary, than fast and straight at us, flashing, and straight up

We have lands in the badlands of south Dakota, just 15 miles south of kadoka,sd and interstate 90. While it was in the late 80's and I was just a kid, me and my family members remember every detail of that night, and to this day still wonder what we saw. It was about 8-9pm mountain time And we were at one of our home sites on a hill, desolate area. But close to the Balkans in the area. We saw what looked like evening stars rising from the badlands/horizon. They were bright like the north start and we thought, why so many. As there were 4-5.As the night went on the lights stayed stationary and the rest of the stars moved on as thru normally did, yet these bright lights stayed in their same area. After about an hr we realized they were not stars and they were closer to us than we realized. At this time my older brother decided to flash his car head lights at them, of course his car is facing toward the badlands. At this time, one of the lights started to come toward us. My mom got scared and told my brother to stop. So he did, but not before the object got about 10ft from us and about 20 ft above us and shining to big white rectangular lights down on us. No noise or sounds associated with it. It was as if it noticed who and what we were and at that moment, shut it's lights off and in seconds, went straight up into the dark sky and towards the stars, disappearing. Yet the other lights stayed on the horizon above the badlands, and just sat there. Well by this time my mom makes us all get in the car and head toward our other property about 2 miles west. When we get there we get into another vehicle and go sitting on a hill to watch what the other lights would do. After about an hr after what we experienced at our other property, we witnessed the other stationary lights going in their own directions, some up, some down, some circling each other, and even one displaying multiple lights like a police cars flashing lights, than suddenly disappearing. After about 3-5 hrs of us witnessing these crazy light danCes, stand stills, and ascendances, they all just went straight up in to the clear night sky, and disappeared. They would appear and disappear so fast and with no noise, it was like, falling stars, and you could barely track them. It's nite been years since any of my family talked about this, but we all know what we saw and where were saw it. I write only because, after all these years and many of my family living on this land, still no one saw anything like what we saw. Our family's have lived on this land for at least a 100 yrs. But as of recently on the same lands we have noticed military grade helicopters flying around the badlands where we saw the objects , and various off road terrain type vehicles. It now peaks our interest, and maybe you can help with this mystery. Thank your you're, time and if I can give you more detail,I would be glad to that. As this land it's in Indian territory and I don't understand why the military would be out this way, and if so, for what?
