{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-06 05:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5282876.json","updb_database_id":5282876}
Meteor- like descending, Enormous apparition-like, movement on the ground, Ascended

Our Ring camera captured movement. I viewed the live feed from my phone, a cat had walked by. Shortly afterwards, I witnessed what initially seemed like a meteor, 2-3 initially, followed by a 3rd that was moving through the sky like a Rocket! I waited to feel the Earth Quake or vibrate, but nothing. I thought, there is NO WAY there could have been no sound?? My sister then viewed something moving along the side of my neighbors house, we knew it was moving because the side if the house lit up. As it moved to the edge of the bushes, separating our homes, you can see a type of smoke or fog, out of no where moving across our drive way! As we continued watching the Ring video, my entire family by this point, it is INCREDIBLE - You can actually see TWO BEINGS in the freakin sky! They are HUGE above the neighbors house. Initially, against the night sky, it appeared to just be transparent clouds, but the longer the video records, these "beings" ACTUALLY BEGIN TO COME INTO FOCUS! My God, you can see them blinking their eyes and moving their heads! As we watched whatever that is, we see a light, again It's at the divider line between our property and the neighbors, and whatever came down, we witnessed a smaller version lift p and go back into the sky! We sat on this for obvious reasons. But, I learned about MUFON a few years back, and finally decided to speak out. I am still leary about releasing my full identity, but I did list my cellphone, in the event someone in your organization would like to call before I change my mind again. 

Update: Before I could send this information out... our Ring Security Camera went off again. Inside I thought, oh no! Thinking about what happened last time. Too much to type, if someone does call, I don't mind sharing.

I see you ask for uploads below, but the video has personal, identifiable areas that all involved, aren't comfortable with displaying prior to speaking with someone. Thanks.
