{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"1192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5549876.json","updb_database_id":5549876}
Contnuing unwanted alien contacts

In 1990, I reported an incident to Walt Andrus -myletter has since been given to Gregory Avery, Louisiana Director. About twomonths ago while having a casual conversation everything that happened thatnight, that I have not remembered now for 10 years, came rushing back to me. For two days after that I can hardly function normally - now, where before I wasscared and afraid I might be crazy - now I am mad and determined. I will notrewrite the entire event - MUFON has it already. Let me add what I remembernow. I have told this once to Mr. Avery in person - after the green lightlifted out of the water, I was frozen in fear, the beach lit up in a circlearound me in a yellow and white glow six or seven alien beings were in a circlearound me. I can send you detailed drawings of them. I have been drawing themfor twelve years. I looked back for Joe and our son Joey. Joey was gone, Joewas at the edge of the circle of light - I could barely see him - some blackfigures were holding on to him, I tried to scream but could not - one alien thatI somehow recognized, kept telling me (in my head) to "calm down you know it isuseless to fight" It seems they took me into the light in the water. I was in aroom filled with white fog, I thought "oh God Im on the ship again" I wascrying - there were two men behind me, we were all naked, one of them keptscreaming "I don't do this" then I looked at the wall and noticed I could seewhere the wall reached this ceiling - that didn't make since if I was on a ship- I looked at the floor it was very shiny but by looking very hard I made outfloor tiles. This scared me worse than being on a ship - at the end of a longhall there were two stainless-steel doors. Now I was truely scared and cryinghard. I was afraid to lift my eyes up. Standing in front of me I saw a pair ofbrown shoes and the bottom of legs dressed in green scrubs. Now I was so scaredI could not breathe, I kept screaming in my mind "wheres Joey - wheres mybaby" I made myself look up, there was a human doctor there. He had pale skinwith freckles everywhere, redish hair cut short and glasses-he was dressed inscrubs, there was blood on them, if I ever see him again I will know him. Nextto him was a gray, only he was a dark gray, as tall as me, he was holding acontainer of fluid, it was murky and a tube ran out of it and attached to hisneck - I hate him, I started to shake badly and scream (in my mind) and cry. Isaid, No! No! Please no! Please don't make me, no! The guy behind me whatcrazy, screaming no! I don't do this! The doctor showed no emotion, the Graywas cold, more than any thing in my life I did not want to look in that water. But of course I had too. In it was a tiny baby, big head, pencils for arms andlegs, the tube was attached to it. I cannot believe anyone can be as scared asI was then and live, the next second it seems "I was on a table something waseither on my head or over my head, a bright light. My legs were bent at theknees and covered with a white sheet. There were other people on other beds. The doctor was standing behind me to the left. The alien was in front of mebetween my knees with the container, the alien told me ( in my mind ) "don'tfight it, go with the pain, go with the pain". Then I was back on the beach, itwas dark - I turned around and way down the beach I could see Joe (barely) andbetween us was Joey. The rest MUFON already has. We lost three days this trip, later we saw atriangular shape stop over us and I was burned on my arms. I have told this to Mr. Avery, along with our other experiences, I have shownhim pictures, drawings, the alphabet they taught me, my daughter and husbandhave told him their stories. He said he was looking for an interpreter fordaylight pictures of the UFO that needed "no explanations ". We thought throughMUFON we could meet others who shared these experiences, I even agreed to behypnotised to prove myself. In September of 99 we had a third encounter, we have a ticket for parking in ano parking zone, dated, and signed to prove what were there and below issomething moving in the water. That time we walked around a sand dune and "saw" a huge gray ship, after seeing it I cannot remember. In May of this year atriangular ship that made no sound circled over us for about 40 minutes andtracted us back to our car. You (MUFON) received the picture via net of ourlast trip. There is a lot more to these experiences than I have written hereof course, but to be honest I am tired of telling our story. Maybe these aremundane to MUFON, to me they are mentally draining and even physically tiring. All of these things happened on the same streach of beach in Navarre/GulfBreeze. That is why I am trying once more with you, things happened here inLouisiana, but never that dramatic, to me my daughters life has been hell.We are not to crazy, not kooks. We both function quite well and our dailylives, we have learned to cope, we want to meet, talk, share and maybe even helpother abductee is. I want to, some way, qualify what has happened to me and myfamily. We believe because we have seen and been told, there is much more tothis and much more coming. Let me step to the edge of sanity here and say,there is a group of three aliens who deal with me. For years now - the one"telling" me things, I know him as well as I know any other living human being.The things are real, surety they do not happen to everybody, there must be areason behind it. Can MUFON help? We both feel we should be doing somethingmore, but what?
