{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-10-15 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4236,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5469876.json","updb_database_id":5469876}
very powerful lights warm non aggressive angelic type what ever it was?

i was a young child and this experience has troubled me all my life
i am kind of culuded up on most all aspects of life but this was a series of events which i cant fathom even today! i seem to rembember in great detail this event and has given me somehow even at 60 years old a deep feeling of greater knowledge that i still cannot understand. so let me explain.i was a a young child born in 1958 march and this if can recollect a period a normal average child exsistance in a typical part of east london. and on this particular night was a normal night and no different from any other night and i was leveled headed normal kid at the time. as i said goodnight to mumand dad i entered my bedroom on the 3rd floor of a council estate very close to where canary wharf is created now. i webt to bed and after a while typical cant sleep laid there and i felt a dark force and shape of somwthing in the corner of the room near a cupboard and said to my self scary but other than that payed no heed to it then after relaxing ready to go sleep felt a very strangs feeling of i cant explain the bedroom went feezing cold and felt a presense of darkness and i ignored this coldness then i felt a presense holding my legs down like pinning me so i cant move then next minute i thought i had gone to sleep but to a shock i found myself off the bed cross legged on on the floor next to my bed not in sleep or a dream as i could fell the the chrisp cold of air on my face and i couldent move almost trance kind of thing but was waqs fully awake but tierd if you undestan. and i noticed my bedroom balcony door was open completly unlatched and that is always locked for security measures so my mind at this time was aware of my being on the floor with this balcony door open at least 4 to 6 inces open and i knew i wasent sleeping because i was conesious of the breeze comming in from out side and remember this is 3 floors up! i tried to look up and see 3 lights hovering above my balcony but whatever it was wuold not allow me to look towards the 3 lights but felt or heard a voice saying but not saying in a warm message that all will be ok and i was fighting physically to raise my head but i felt i was not allowed to do that and i felt completly controlled now by this positive presence. and after they they hovered for i think was a minute. was back in bedslightly aware but not aware if you can understand but dont expect you to and was an experiece that has bothered me all my life but some how from a spirituL OR CONCIEOUS prespective i cant work this out but am very sure i have awarness i cant explain of knowledge and wisdom that is still being filterd to me even at my old age at 60 years old last week. and all i can say is this is the the first real time i have expresed yhis other than my children who kinda belive me me cos dads dad but not to general pubilic and i hope this information is of use into any you are trying to understand about our exisitance.and later a few nights later i belive it was reported in the paper of strange lights in the sky and i belive that i have said is true even if i can not express it properly and maybe i need regress treatment to recall and capture the truth. and since that event my life has been fed with deep knowledge i am still unreaviling bit by bit of who we are but can quiet put put the puzzle together but if you can solve this experience would be an asset to mankind. but for me me i dont know it happend so i belive it was some kind of message but what i dont know? please help if you can for the experience i had. 
kind regards

paul
