{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-12 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5518876.json","updb_database_id":5518876}
2 orange lights that brightened and dimmed in sequence, going from very small to very large and back again. Then disappear. Then one came back.

At around 2:30am I went outside for a cigarette, walked down to the end of my walkway and i turned around. When I did there they were,two very bright orange lights hovering in the distance as I looked out over my house. They started to brighten even more and I thought they were coming closer but then dimmed and brighten again in sequence. They did this several times and then faded after about 7_10 minutes and were gone. I kept looking when I saw one light back up and continued to do the same as before brightening and dimming. And then vanished again not to return. At first I started to become very nervous, as I thought they were getting closer but then I calmed down and was just in total awe as I noticed they were strobing irregularly in sequence with each other. I noticed that the object to the left was drifting closer to the other, I was hoping for a merger, this dint happen. They would brighten to the size of a baseball and then shrink to a size of a small star. I so wanted to get my camera but was afraid that I would miss them. After they disappear I went inside and told my wife what had happened and we both went outside this time I carried my camera but they did not return. My wife noticed that the birds in the area were very active for this time in the morning. A police. Officer was passing game by and stopped, I told her I saw two lights in the sky, she thought I was drinking and drove off. I did have a wine cooler around 1:45am but that was it. I have seen a few very strange. Objects in the sky my whole life but this was the first time that I was totally freaked out about it. I don't think I will ever go outside with out a camera of some type again.
