{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-02 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5455876.json","updb_database_id":5455876}
{rjl} Saw black triangle in broad daylight. It rotated then literally just disappeared. No path. Just gone.

The weekend my at the time boyfriend came to hangout with me and my parents at their apartment we saw a black triangle. Not a stealth bomber. A clearly 3 pointed all black object. It was broad daylight and we were standing on the 2nd floor balcony smoking all smoking a cigarette. All of a sudden i realized that there was a black triangle in the sky. It was just stationary. It wasnt moving. It was just there. I have no idea how far away it actually was but it was visible about 2ft (from our POV) above the nearest trees which were on the otherside of Wesr Michigan. It rotated, as in the points spun 180 degrees, so the tip that was on the "top" from our view, was now on the bottom. It didnt appear 3 dimensional but we couldn't see any details besides a black, clear triangle shaped craft. Then the next thing you know, its gone. It didnt move across the sky. It didnt shoot up. It just literally disappeared out of thin air like it wasnt even there. 

That was when my mom was like "did you just see that?" And i realized that no one had said a word this whole time and that i wasnt imaging this. It was until almost 4 months later that me and my boyfriend learned that black triangle sightings are common. A Netflix documentary freaked him out so much of showing him another one, he actually paused it and had pulled me out of the shower to show me. I want to be clear about July-2. Yes there is the field of flight where military planes have a show and tell for the festival but there were NO. STEALTH. BOMBERS. THAT. YEAR. i had seen them in the past and those had more of a W shape. Those MOVED across the sky. They never just vanished into thin air. 

There was a second "incident" after that day on the balcony, but I didnt experience the sighting first hand but I feel its relevant. About a week and a half after 7-1, i dont remember the date. I was watching TV at night (it was well past dark. Probably a bit after midnight) and there was a sudden boom. No joke it sounded like a bomb had gone off near by. Then power went out in the neighborhoods across the (very busy main road) street. I figured that it was thunder and maybe the storm knocked out power. But then i realized it wasnt raining, and there was no lightening. 
So then i thought maybe someone had hit a transformer and that there would be sirens soon. There never was. No emergency responders were heard immediately following that boom. Trying to figure out what was going on, i got on facebook to see if there was a news article posted or one of my friends knew (this was before smart phones were wide spread). Timestamped maybe 20 minutes after that noise, my friend who lived in that general area said he "swore to god (he) just saw a UFO". I didnt press for details because we hadnt spoken in like 2 or 3 years. But i found that very peculiar.
