{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-17 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65626","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5493876.json","updb_database_id":5493876}
three lights in locked triangle formation super speed no sound

didn't see on your website a clear address setup JUST FOR sightings...

Last night between approx. 11pm EST... in Listowel ON CAN I witness what I describe as a smoking gun event... I wish I had a camera Ive been wanting to get one for years but never got around to it.

I'm an amateur astronomer... I own an 8" newtonian reflector as well as 15x70 cavalry binocs.

I have never had a UFO experience before in my life im 41 years old... but I am open to it and that was a big reason i bought my equipment...

What i saw resembled this...

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

as well as this...

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

three lights in triangle formation... locked in formation they did not waver one bit. I could not see anything in between the lights however which is why I also believe it could have been three craft in formation.

unlike the two links I provided where THEY captured the triangle high above and looking like a triangle... my sighting the lights we more parallel to earth... it was more a fly by what I saw not a fly over.  if someone told me the object was 500 to 100 feet in the air i would have said at max it was that...

traveled from south east to north west.... traveling at a speed UNKNOWN to man... easily super sonic ... made NO SOUND what so ever.

the lights did NOT look like regular lights in that regular lights are bright and refract off my glasses sort of like a oncoming car light will refract off your windshield... these lights looked sorta like glow in the dark silly putty or a glow in the dark skeleton on halloween.. that sort of glow you know?

I caught the talk end of it with binocs but they revealed no new information or clarity.

the whole event lasted about 4 seconds to go from one end of the sky to the other.

THe weird thing was that I was looking in the exact direction i needed to to see the start of the event... this was NOT a saw it out of the corner of my eye event... but as I say funny it sorta appeared out of nowhere and also left and faded away.... I could see stars out much much dimmer so why can I see stars but this light faded out... its almost as if it phased in ... flew over... phased out... if I was to guess...

because again as an amateur astronomer I notice weather and sky viewing conditions and things the average person doesn't even think about. 

I know the object was low because of how the angle between the lights changed as it flew by... I played a lot of video games i grew up with them and the game ELITE or Stellar 7 were space like games... and back in the day graphics were poor so these games used what are called VECTOR graphics... simply stated lines... so after playing many hours I understand how a triangle moves and how it looks from nearly every conceivable direction...

Because of my time spent as a kid playing vector GFX games I am pretty much as much as an expert as a normal guy gets having experience looking at shapes and how they move and change when they pass by with regards also to elevation etc..

I wanted to report it to you incase other reports come in from last night as well...

When you see something this close up and moving that fast and no sound... your life or rather your perspective changes in an instant.

something is going on for sure... either advanced military antigrav silent tech or alien or both... all I know is that what I saw is impossible.... but it happened...
