{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-15 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5526876.json","updb_database_id":5526876}
things are not right over the course of years.things i can not tell anyone.

object seen[light orbs].years ago.objects found that burnt the skin.3 fingered glove cleaved in half,not palm to back but laterally.instances of wtf just happened and it fell out of the memory for those around me.they would still say- what happened there? and w/in a day or two not know wtf i was talking about.
I believe i have been visited.I do not like it. i do not want to be known. the truth is out there,someone needs to find it.I truly am afraid to disclose.I am afraid of our so called government and the repercussions that may come.my life is somewhat sunk already through normal means.I seek not to gain,but to potentially give another part to the puzzle.Obviously the gov. sees all.I know that the effect on my life has been long lasting.nary a word said.I just need to tell someone the details,someone that gets it. I cant write,i'm told i'm smart,sharp,intelligent,whatever, and don't believe it,I'm not stupid either,we all have our shortfalls,Yes i have issues.you just need to know there may be a place that deep, true,hard investigation, may give you something.
I really can't type.this is a struggle for me. I hope you can see that even though my words are worthless,I may be able to send you in a fruitful direction. Some things have happened!I may dream to much or think to much,but I do have people that can be found that were there.have know idea what they would say.If Kelly and I found the glove there has to be more there.took me an hour to type this.hard for me,but a 3rd scale glove w/3 fingers and burns your hands/dropped it, came back 20 minutes later w/ a glove on and it is gone.-strange.glowing orb drops behind the mountains -slowly-gone in a flash,same area.years later, high school dance date asks if i had heard of the miller creek lights.I said no.she described to me exactly what I had seen earlier in my life.There is just to much for me to put down here.I need someone to look at this.Either prove me crazy or find a piece of the puzzle.I cannot do it this way,I need to talk direct w/ someone.
to describe any further I would have to divulge more info than I prefer.Multiple events.Not many,just enough that I know something is going on outside of what we would generally refer to as normal.Not saying it's aliens, but it sure ain't human either.The Gov. has the wool pulled so far over our eyes we don't even know we are being rodgered.
