{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-19 11:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498876","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/876/mufon-5498876.json","updb_database_id":5498876}
{cak} the outline of a triangle and reflecting the sky above it on the bottom of the craft.

I had just gotten into my car when I saw a flash of light through my sunroof.I kept looking and saw a fairly large circle of light. The color of the lights were red, orange, and some yellow. All I could see at the moment was this light shining just above the treetops and in between my house and the neighbors. The light then suddenly went off. I quickly got out of my car keeping my eyes toward what I had seen. I could see nothing but blue sky and low hovering clouds. Then the light suddenly came back on. It was almost in the same spot except a little closer to me. Concentrating on what I was seeing I tried to make the best mental notes I could. I started to make out the outline of the craft. As I followed the thin fuzzy outline of the craft around it became clear to me that it was huge. The majority of the craft was already over me and thousands of feet wide. I heard no sound coming from it. I felt no wind or saw any kind stream coming from behind it.I could only see the faint outline of about one third of the craft and the color of the sky above it. It was like I was looking straight through it and seeing the sky above it. The circle of light went out again. Not believing what I'm seeing I Scanning the outline of the craft. The light came on again and was almost directly above me. Focusing intensely on the light I could make out the structures and details inside the circle of light. I made a detail mental note of the structures.

The craft kept moving slowly over me. The light went off again so I began to focus on the rear of the craft as it passed over me. Focusing on the thin outline I began to see a haze or fuzziness behind the craft as if it was distorting the light and air around it. I kept watching the outline of the craft move over me and towards what I believe to be the Northeast. It was basically going down my street. I watched it until I could not see it anymore. I was so excited I ran into the house to tell my wife! After telling my wife I sat down and notes and sketches of what I saw.
