{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-11 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5453945.json","updb_database_id":5453945}
{cak} 32 star-like lights moving in a procession

Observed 32 star-like objects appearing from the NNW and proceeding towards the East, from my porch at approximately 9:45pm on April 11th. Objects appeared to be obscured by cloud cover when close to overhead (although did not re-emerge despite visible stars in a similar patch of sky). Objects were similar in appearance to satellite passing over and reflecting sunlight at night. 

First object observed overhead, and a procession of them, equally distanced, traversed the sky from NNW to E. All appearing to disappear in a similar location, although the latter objects disappeared a little sooner than the preceding ones (I had assumed the cloud cover was drifting slowly from E to W). 

[Speculation] There may have been more objects in the procession, given that I first observed one when it was already overhead. 

30 of the objects traversed the sky as described, but 2 of the objects had a different path: NNW-SE (possibly at a 60 degree angle from the main procession) - I estimate 20 had been observed before noticing these 2. My youngest son joined me on the porch after I had counted 13 objects, my wife joined us after counting off 25, and my eldest son joined us after maybe 29 objects had passed. Objects all appeared to be really high, made no noise, and light was unwavering - no blinking, pulsing, just a constant light .

[Speculation] I assumed the light was reflection from the sun, implying these objects were very high up. 

There were (at least) two airplanes visible during the event, airplanes are common in our skies, usual blinking lights and audible, but faint, engines. 

[Speculation] Since the event I have pondered the disappearance of the lights overhead, had assumed cloud cover, but was confused by the fact that stars were visible, and the lights did not re-emerge from (assumed) cloud cover - I speculate that the objects fell into the Earth's shadow, if the lights were in fact a reflection of sunlight from the objects.

I did not have my cell phone with me, but doubt anything would have shown up on camera. This also means I cannot provide the exact time of the first object's sighting. I believe the event had ended by 10:30pm, because my youngest son and I were on the porch at 10:40pm - having gone inside the house for a few minutes, in which time I had collected my phone.
