{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-02-09 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63472","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5495945.json","updb_database_id":5495945}
{cak} as we(me and my sister) were going to school. It appeared and disappeared while stationary. With part in the water and the rest sticking out high over the trees.

me and my sister had to travel about 45 minutes to high school. We lived in Antioch, and our school was in Inglewood, Tenn. we traveled so that we could stay at the same school we started at. We always travel on Briley Pkwy. as a shortcut. We had just past Grand Old Opry turn of and were about to start the curve that that is just before the Cumberland River and saw it protruding out of the River on the left of the Pkwy.. It appeared and disappeared in a matter of seconds. It was as if it made a mistake and became visible and then realized it and went back invisible. It wasn't moving it was stationary. It didn't look to be leaving anytime soon. I got the impression it had been there awhile. Completely, invisible!!! I asked my sister if she had seen the same thing and she said she did. Though I find it odd that we never really talked about it at all. Really never did. It was real exciting for a very short time and then I really never thought about it again. I didn't forget it, it just seems that it was put in the back of my mind as if it was just every day. STRANGE yes. I think that you are looking in the wrong place. Stop looking up so much and find a way to see them where they are. Here on the ground. I know they exist. What I saw could not have been mistaken. There was nothing around us or near that would have looked like that or have been mistaken as such. 1. is answered., 2. It appeared out of the corner of my eye and I turned and looked at it., 3. only one thing it could have been. no way it could have been anything else, Just by the build of it. There was and still is nothing built like that was., 4. As I said, I was very excited for a second and then it was as if it was just a everyday thing. It was kind of weird now that I think back., 6. It disappeared, not by leaving! It went invisible. No movement! More than just me and my sister had to of seen it the Pkwy. was busy.
