{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-25 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5292945.json","updb_database_id":5292945}
Orange Orb Followed Me

Crystal clear winter night, I was walking my trash to the dumpster at my apartment complex. I saw a bright orange light just through the treeline on the western horizon that appeared to be the size, altitude, and distance of the light on a radio tower, and I distinctly thought to myself, "I don't remember there being a tower over that way." As I threw the trash in, the orb started moving east towards my location, maintaining altitude. I then thought it could be a drone, but I realized, it was completely silent, and being in a rural place, there were no noises to be heard anywhere - had it emitted a noise, I would have definitely been able to hear it. It moved from the west towards me and stopped when it was over me, it stopped (looking up, it was now in the southern sky, not directly over me, but almost). I starting walking back towards my apartment, and it began moving..if I walked faster, it sped up, if I stopped, it stopped...it was watching me; it was tracking me. When I realized this, I felt a tingle of fear down my spine...I felt the primal fight or flight that an animal must feel when it realizes it has been spotted. I didn't have my phone with me; I felt completely vulnerable. It appeared to be so far away, yet it mimicked my movements like it was so close; and it was so dark...there's no way it should've been able to see me. I picked up the pace and got to my door. I took one last look at it before going inside; it stopped moving again as I halted on my porch...I opened the door, grabbed my phone, and as soon as I came back outside, it was gone; in an instant. Looking back, I regret not watching it more...I regret letting the fear come over me and running away. I wish I had stayed outside to see what it would've done. Surely, it was curious of me for some reason. But why? I was agnostic towards aliens and UFO's until this night. I am so grateful for this experience, even if it does make me a bit of weirdo. ;)
