{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-24 20:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4231,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5529945.json","updb_database_id":5529945}
A round object, brighter than a star, moved horizontally, lightning-fast across the sky. Too fast to be a plane or jet.

My husband and I were heading out to walk my dog. As we came around the corner from our street, I paused with my dog to let my husband catch up to us. I just happened to look in the right direction, at exactly the right moment. If I hadn't, I would have missed the event entirely. (The whole event lasted only a few seconds.) I was looking straight ahead when a movement on the distant skyline caught my eye. A very bright, kind of "star-like" object was moving across the sky. It was round, very bright, and circular in shape. It was moving so fast that it was out of my viewing range in a couple of seconds. It moved at a steady speed, no jumping around. It moved in a straight line, horizontally. I ran as fast as I could down the street, hoping to get more of the sky in my view (we live in a suburb area, trees and rooftops were blocking my view of the sky). When I came to an area where I could have seen where the object went, it was gone. I asked my husband if he saw the object, and he did not. He would had to have been looking exactly where I was, at the same exact moment, in order to have seen it. We were both excited, that is for sure.

When I saw the object, a bunch of thoughts trying to comprehend what I was looking at went through my mind. Falling star? Nope. (Stars fall vertically, this object was moving horizontally.) A plane or jet? Nope. (Way too fast, no flashing lights, no distant motor noise.) A comet or meteor? Nope. (No trail behind the object, no flashing, and it was traveling at a very high speed horizontally, and also it had too steady of a movement.)

In fact, on our way home from our walk, we saw an actual jet in the sky. It did not even compare to what I experienced earlier. It was so slow when I compared it to what I had seen. Also, we could hear the jet, and see the familiar shape as well as the flashing lights even though it was far away. The object I saw earlier made no sound that I could hear from where I was standing. There was only the bright round shape, no flashing lights, and silence. It just zoomed past in a matter of seconds in a straight line. 

I asked my husband what words I used after seeing the object. He told me I said, "Brighter than any stars in the sky at the time." "Waaaaay too fast to be any plane or jet." "It was definitely being "piloted;" it looked like it was definitely going somewhere." "It was on a straight horizontal course." "I wish you had seen it, too." "Someone else had to have seen it, I couldn't have been the only one." "It was traveling too fast to be anything man-made."

I lost sight of the object because it was too fast, and I couldn't get to where I could follow it in the sky fast enough to see where it went. I sure wish that I could have. Seeing it was very intense. I haven't been able to think of much else ever since.

I have no pictures, no video, and doubt I would have had time to capture this object on either one. I apologize for only being able to tell you what I witnessed. I am an honest person and know what I saw.

Thanks for giving me a chance to share my U.F.O. story. I hope that someone else experienced what I did and comes forward. I would love to know just what it is that I saw. 

Lastly, I have "instincts." My instincts tell me that I witnessed something incredible. When I'm not sure about something, I go by them. So, here I am reporting what I saw because my instincts tell me I saw a U.F.O. And, to be honest, I believe my instincts. Sometimes it's all you have.
