{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-06-15 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51796","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5506945.json","updb_database_id":5506945}
{dr}three events, successive nights, 3-4 lights that changed configuration while rotating

I was around 10 years old. My friend Billy and I where sitting on our neighbors old couch that was out in the street for trash pickup.
We were throwing broken crayons we found between the couch cushions at the house and hiding behind the couch when the porch light would turn on. (kids)

Anyway, i noticed what i thought was a plane in the sky that was very low, but i was not interested in it because i saw planes all the time in that area. What got my attention was that it was rotating very slowly back and forth. Not rolling, like a plane but turning on an axis. The lights seemed to change the shape from triangle to kind of a strait line.
I nudged my buddy and said "look" he looked for 2 seconds and said "its just a plane" and i said "no look, its turning on its side" so he finally looked and we both watched not understanding what it was. So we ran over to our bikes and tried to get closer. The object moved slowly away from us and if we stopped, it would stop. It was just above the treeline and then started to move upward, very slowly. We chased/followed the object all the way from Block street, and Merriman to the K-mart parking lot which was several blocks away. Many people in the parking lot saw the object and the planes that where circling it. You could see the blinking lights of the planes around the object and here the sound of helicopters. This lasted around 15 mins and the object moved out of sight and the planes followed. The next night i waited in my living room, hoping to see the object again. Around 8 or 9 pm,it appeared right above the trees from the night before. So i got on my bike and tried to get closer. Again the object moved as i moved. I had to go to school the next day so i could not follow for too long. So the third night i waited again, and the object came back, my mother happened to wake up to use the bathroom, so i grabbed her by the arm and drug her out to the porch, and told her to look in the sky, she didn't see it at first so i pointed and she said "thats a plane" i told her "no, look at it.. its turning upside down" She watched and put her hand over her mouth, and said "what is that?" i said "it comes out every night at this time over the trees, but i can never get close enough to see what it looks like" she put her hand on my shoulder and said "we should get inside" "why?" i replied. she said "because i don't feel safe out here".
I went to my room and hoped i would see it again, but unfortunately i did not. The event was in the Detroit free-press, and the statement was something about an out of orbit satellite. I know for a fact that hundreds of people saw this object. It wasnt until years later i saw an old HBO documentary on UFOs that showed sightings where Air-force planes where scrambled during the same period for 3 consecutive occasions in Michigan around the same time that summer years earlier and i remembered what had happened. It has been on my mind ever since.
I have tried to find information on this event with no luck. 
Maybe someone else has described the same thing around that time.
thanks.
