{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-11 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5283945.json","updb_database_id":5283945}
Saw a gigantic rectangular glowing object floating in the sky

We had just finished having dinner and were sitting inside the house coworker and I. My ex wife was sitting outside the house smoking his cigarette facing eastward it's an eastward when she screamed and yelled for us to come outside very quickly as we came outside onto the deck. We observed what appeared to be a gigantic rectangular object at least 10 miles away it glowed and pulsated as it floated very slowly from North to South is dough into an oval Shaped cloud and stayed there for approximately 4 hours. Is we estimated that the distance where we believe it sat it sat from where we were what have made the object between 4 and 5 miles long and about a mile and I have in girth. Strangely about 25 miles to the East my father who lives in a mountain community observed at the exact same time what he described as embers falling from the sky that later he felt were just lights or little beams of light that were basically following him.. I did attempt to film or take pictures of the object with my Is phone at the time which was a very reliable droid incredible. This phone had never failed up until that point as I lifted the phone to film the object the phone shut off completely. It's not really sure what exactly I saw I have spoken to people about it Before and I'm actually a fairly private researcher of UFO's and other aerial phenomenon I have done tons of research and have never come close to seeing anything that even closely resembled or matched in size what we saw. There is one instance I came across in regards to a flight that was going from Alaska to China I believe. But that object somewhat resembled a city in the videos that I did see or the reenactment. What we saw was a perfectly rectangular golden object that I would describe as a brick of sorts that was emitting almost as rain as it slowly moved across the sky. Just figured I would share it with you guys. Is the object would have been headed due South of Is the great sand dunes national monument in Alamosa Colorado.
