{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-04 17:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469945","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/945/mufon-5469945.json","updb_database_id":5469945}
{jpg} Very very confusing- I felt completely dazed the whole time

I was driving toward Charlotte. At first I just thought I saw a couple of airplanes that I had taken off from the airport. But then, I quickly realize that they were not airplanes. I saw the airplanes that were coming or going from the airport and they were very very clearly airplanes. When I started focus in on what I was seeing, I could tell that whatever they were were almost ovular shaped, but look as if they came to points on either end. They were Silver and white, very very bright and reflective, and almost looked as if they were shimmering. They were also leaving a very bright and vivid shimmering trail behind them. What made me pay attention to them immediately was the way they were moving in the sky airplanes do not move that way. They were weaving in and out of each other but it was strange because they seemed like they were so far away from each other but they were met almost making infinity signs in the way they were weaving around one another as I kept driving forward I realize that there were many more of them in the sky than I thought I was only looking to the left and I counted seven.  When I started looking around me even more I noticed that there were what seem to be military aircraft along the outer edge of the area that I was in almost as if they were kind of in a circle around the area that I was in and that I was seeing the UFOs. At one point if you have the UFOs circled around two of the military style Aircrafts and then started circling back around one another. As I was looking at the sky and all, all of a sudden they blipped out of sight. It was like I blinked and they were gone. I drove a couple more feet to the next light , And then looked up again and they were in the sky wants more except they were all in a line no longer zigzagging or crisscrossing around each other and circular motions but they were in a straight line all going up. I blink again and they were gone. The whole time the experience was happening I just felt very very confused. My brain literally couldn't make sense of what was going on, and I felt very foggy. As soon as they were gone for good out of my sight I was left feeling overwhelmingly shocked.
