Case No. 1594 25072021

Date: July 18, 2021.

Approximate Time: 17:06 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: N. I. B. M., 27 years old.

Description: The witness reported having photographed what he considered an
aerial anomaly at 17:06 (HL) on July 25, 2021 at the Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport (SCEL), in the Santiago Metropolitan Region.

He explained that he had taken a series of photographs of a plane taking off.
He described what he saw from runway 17R at the airport as "a black circle," without providing details on its movement, size, or distance.

He stated that the entire event lasted "seconds" and that the object appeared from the west and disappeared towards the east from his position.  Contradicting this, he concluded his testimony by saying (sic): "At the exact moment, I didn't notice it. When I started reviewing the photos and zooming in, I could see it. A friend commented that perhaps the lens was dirty, but that's impossible because..."
I took a couple of previous photos during takeoff and that figure wasn't there.
"circular"
On July 26th and 30th, and August 3rd and 10th, 2021, emails were sent to your personal email address and
to the institutional requesting the photograph mentioned in the report, no response
no contact subsequent to the reporting of this case. Without clarity as to whether
whether it was or was not in service at the time the photograph was taken, it was classified the
Case as of "General" type.
Near the left edge of Figure 1 is located runway 17R, while
On the right side is located the headquarters of the Aircraft Fire Rescue and Extinguishing Service (SSEI). For statistical purposes, geographic coordinates of a point on the runway, defined by the coordinates 33° 23’ 38’’ S and 70° 48’ 09’’ W, were taken.

Figure 1

Images: Despite being requested in writing on four occasions, on July 26 and 30, and August 3 and 10, 2021, the user did not contact CEFAA again nor provide any media to study what they reported.
Conclusion: Due to the lack of a study medium, the investigation file was closed according to numeral 2d (Study of cases with audiovisual means) of the Technical Instruction, Research Procedures, Timeframe, Background Reception, Executive Report Preparation, and CEFAA Report Archive.

Due to the user's lack of contact, the case was classified as "False."
