{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-27 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500386","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/386/mufon-5500386.json","updb_database_id":5500386}
I called the UFO using the meditation method of PAO. They talked to me telepathically before coming. It was an Arcturian craft. Classic Saucer shaped, flickering with bright lights and it frequently changed it position and disappeared and reappeared .

I am a 26 year old male Electrical Engineer from India. Prior to the sighting, I had recently read about Dr Emoto's famous water experiment. This got me started on the new age trail. As I am a voracious reader , soon I found myself reading all occult phenomenon. When I read about syncronicity, I immediately fell asleep and when I woke I saw only ones and zeroes on my cell fone arranged in a symmetrical manner. soon, I was reading about the meditation given in the PAO website. It was necessary to call a UFO. I did that with my friend and activated myself as the website demanded. Then , one evening I had the urge to go to a secluded valley behind my hostel where I sat for meditation and in about 20 minutes, I could sense a human like shape/form talking to me in my mind. It said that they were Arcturians. I had just opened my eyes and I saw the UFO hovering quite close to me. It was about 100 feet from me and blinked in regular fashion. I was ecstatic with joy, joy that I have never ever felt before! I asked it ( mentally) that how do I believe if its of ET origin ... It simply made maneuvers which were impossible by human craft ... like going in reverse instantly and changing direction of flight. It would sometime hide itself and then reappear in a different place. I was very excited to see it. As if it was my family I had been separated from since birth that was visiting me. Then the UFO simply vanished . This has made me profoundly more spiritual and esoteric in my interactions with people and myself. I also witnessed a second sighting after I had requested them to show me once more their craft ... But, this time they appeared after a week on a morning. I dont know whether the 'talks' I have with these beings are real or not but the UFO was definitely real ... both of them. Since then I have been seeing numbers like 1221, 1111, 2222, 2332, 4444, and the likes all the time when I glance at the watch or license plates. At least more than 5-6 times a day , so it cannot be a coincidence. I seriously belive that we will witness a mass landing event before 2022. I don't know how, but I have been told this in my meditations and it feels right. Anyway , the truth is pouring out from all directions.
