{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-04 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482386","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/386/mufon-5482386.json","updb_database_id":5482386}
{nd} Bright flashes, directional changes, aircraft redirect.

My family and our friends were camping in the Sierra Nevada mountains. On the night of July 4th, several of us stayed up to watch the stars. We noticed multiple satellites (craft that look like stars crossing fairly regularly on the same path at roughly the same speed, through the night sky with no flashing or blinking lights). The satellites did not mean much to us until we saw one quite nearly do a 90 degree turn and then disappear. We also saw what looked like a satellite traveling due East. Suddenly a much faster object, also looking like a satellite, came toward it at a high rate of speed, heading West. These objects were so far away they only appeared as moving stars. As the faster object approached from the East, the slower object from the West appeared to make an abrupt turn to the left, heading North, away from the oncoming, faster object. When they came near each other, both flashed and disappeared. After that, we saw dark spaces in the night sky that would suddenly have a bright blast of light and then go completely dark again. Sometimes the objects would blink multiple times, almost rhythmically. Other times the lights would flash just once or twice then stop. We saw these flashing star like lights in numerous places in the sky throughout the night. We also saw two very fast moving aircraft, flying very high and very fast approach from the West. Both had flashing/blinking/aircraft lights. The first air craft split hard and went North East and over the mountain ridges towards the area where the two satellite looking lights had nearly intercepted each other then disappeared just minutes earlier. The 2nd aircraft continued on a straight line North West over the mountain range, towards the direction the one satellite looking object turned towards before it disappeared. Not one single commercial aircraft we saw that night, out of the dozens we saw, took the same flight path as those two fast moving aircraft I just described.
