{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489386","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/386/mufon-5489386.json","updb_database_id":5489386}
{nd} Four bright orange spheres with slight red center pulsation. One changed direction; three continued over neiborhood.

I had purchased a used car in need of repairs earlier that week. The previous owner of the car had arranged to have it towed to my house that evening so I was at the end of my driveway waiting for the tow truck. I just happened to look up at the area just above the tree line about 2500 feet away to the South West and noticed what I thought was a pair of running lights to a small plane. I watched for about a minute and realized it was not a plane when one of the pair of lights turned about 90 degrees and headed to the North West. The other continued in a straight line heading South East. It continued over the neighborhood at approximately 1000 feet up over my house moving slowly. It made no sound at all and I noticed a slight red pulsation from the center of the object. To describe it exactly I would say it was spherical, bright orange with a slight red center pulsation. At 1000 feet up I would estimate it's size to be about 20 feet across. It took at least a full minute to pass over the neighborhood disappearing over the tree line to the North East and just when I thought it was finally over I looked back at the tree line South West where I saw the first two and saw two more heading on the same path as the one that just passed over! This time they flew side by side like in formation again silently no sound at all. If I hadn't looked up I would have never even noticed them. They flew over on the same path and speed as the first and disappeared over the tree line to the North East. I have to say it was a terrifying experience. I would best describe it as belittling and you realize that you are not really at the top of the food chain after all. I will say that I was surprised that they were not being pursued by fighter jets or the military. I had the distinct feeling that there wasn't anything anyone could do about it anyway.
