{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-09 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523386","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/386/mufon-5523386.json","updb_database_id":5523386}
2 orbs appear within minutes of eachother in same aerial path

I was sitting in my backyard enjoying the warm evening. The sun had already gone down and I was just sitting there watching the stars and the night airline traffic go by. As I sat there I noticed a bright light to the right of me. As I looked over I saw what looked like two airplanes going to crash into each other. Then I saw what was an airplane go past and continue on in the flight path of the night. I then saw a very purple/red bight LED light coming slowly towards my direction by the tree. It was very low and did not have any navigation lights on it. I thought it was strange also because there was no noise and it was getting very close and the color of light was a dark violet and an odd color to see. It was moving slowly and it went behind the tree and started to ascent into the tree. Then as it came up to the top of the tree I see what looks like 2 attached squares outlined. The top had a yellow orange inside lined in red and the bottom square was just red. It was pulsating and making no noise. There were no other lights. The tree is at the edge of the yard and just a couple yards away, I got scared but continued to watch. As this object ascended and got to the top it just stayed there for a couple seconds. Then it seemed to change to to solid orange/red orb of light that was glowing very bright and it looked solid like a bar of hot glowing metal.

When this object was up to the top of the tree area it started to descend down a little lower and in a straight line path it continued to move slowly across the yard without wavering.It was up just above the utility lines that are very low over the yards. As it moved it got smaller like the light was cut off by a quarter of an inch each time it moved and it just canceled itself out. As the light got to the end of the garage it looked like a silver line and it just blinked out and disappeared.

After a couple of minutes later this same type of object/orb appeared again and out of no where as from the same area as the object before. This second object did a copycat flight path and exit as the first object/orb. The only difference I could make out was that this second object was a little dimmer in coloring/lighting.
