{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-27 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291727","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/727/mufon-5291727.json","updb_database_id":5291727}
bright light slowly moved north then east, then remained stationary with hovering movements in relation to two other stars

Sitting on Sandy Neck Beach in Barnstable to watch the sunset. As the light faded, stars were slowly becoming visible. The night sky was extremely clear. I noticed a single bright light directly above me as I sat in my chair. It was moving slowly in a Northern direction (I may be off about the actual direction), and then it changed direction and began moving East. It then seemed to get a bit smaller, so I assumed it was getting higher in the sky. It finally stopped moving and became stationary. I was able to keep track of it because it's position formed a triangle with two other stars. However, the light continued to maneuver in place making circular patterns and shifting left to right...wobbling or dancing around. I could tell it was moving by it's distance from the other two stars. I wondered if maybe some cloud cover might be affecting the optics, so I tried viewing other bright lights similarly with my naked eye, but no other lights/stars were moving this way. It was quite obvious it was moving around. I took out my cell phone and recorded a minute or so. Obviously my hands were not steady so the light comes in and out of the frame. But when I zoom in on it, it appears to be a shape in the center, with a pulsating haze around it. Also, in the zoomed in video I can see smaller flashing lights around it in the same area which I could not see with my eyes. As we walked back to the beach parking, I kept my eye on it and it did not seem to move from its position. I tried to relocate it when I got home but that part of the sky was not visible from my yard. lot
