{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-08-30 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492727","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/727/mufon-5492727.json","updb_database_id":5492727}
{cak} Like a children's top slowly rotating above building then gone apparently straight up

Two friends of mine and myself witnessed what appeared to be a large metallic top with glowing colored ports or lights slowly rotating as it hovered over what we only knew at the time as a building with all the windows boarded up. We saw the craft during recess while we were playing near the edge of a large area surrounded by oak trees. We noticed the object because it was obviously out of the norm to see something hover above a building in broad daylight. We immediately knew the object was a craft of some kind but amazing as it was to see it seemed non-threatening. The three of us ran to get a teacher as we were all in the 3rd grade at the time but by the time we returned from a fruitless attempt to get someone to come see what we saw it was gone. Since that time I've learned that building is/was a Masonic lodge which we knew nothing about at the time. The craft appeared to have a dull grey exterior with what looked like a dome on top and a pointed lower structure. I'm not sure if it's related but since a young age, aprox 5yrs old up to late teenage and early 20s, I've seen a vision of what seem like yellow luminescent "cat eyes" in a circle seemingly looking down at me in a pitch black background every time I would close my eyes tightly, it was almost like a recurring nightmare that would happen anytime not only at night. Like I said I'm not sure it's in any way related and hasn't happened in 10 or so yrs but if it was an event that actually happend it made a long lasting impression. I've always felt very talented and special to some degree, despite my background I have always been a step ahead in all things mechanical and had knowledge of the inner workings of things that I should have no understanding of. For example I'm currently developing plans for a fusion reactor, and I only mention this as a way to say I'm not just some dumb hillbilly, I consider myself an intelligent individual. I'm sorry it's taken so long to make a report but it's something I've kept to myself because of fear of ridicule and lack of a proper outlet such as this.
