{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491727","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/727/mufon-5491727.json","updb_database_id":5491727}
{dr}Two UFO's, one with lights pulsating, the other to it's left was a dull red orb

It was 4th of July and fireworks were being set off by the neighbors to the north of us across the canal. My daughter was on the lanai watching, and called me to come out of the house when she noticed something unusual in the sky. The first thing we thought of was that it might be the expected alignment of Venus and ?(another planet),however the objects we were looking at were too large to be stars. Further, they were located in northern sky (I think the alignment was to be seen in the west?). We could also tell the objects were definitely not part of the fireworks display. 
  To the left of the fireworks was a stationary (hovering?) horizontal rectangle with lights rapidly skipping across it. The movement of the lights seemed random. The colors were predominately orange and yellow and a bright white and maybe a dark color in between. To the left of this UFO was a smaller orb, more rounded in shape and its color was a dull red. When I first saw them, both objects were stationary and they remained so for about five minutes. 
  I suggested my daughter get her phone and take a picture. When she went inside, the objects began a slow movement to the left (west). They were still moving west when she returned. She was unable to get a photo and went back inside for her IPad. She returned and was still unable to get a picture. Both objects were still slowly moving west. The smaller object appeared to fade out after a few moments. Perhaps it went behind a cloud and the larger object followed it and disappeared.
  Initially, we both thought they might be helicopters, but they didn't look right. My daughter called the police station to see if any of their choppers were flying and she was told there were no helicopters flying this night.
