{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-24 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459727","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/727/mufon-5459727.json","updb_database_id":5459727}
Cabo Son Lukas sighting May 2019

Copy report,

Our position was facing the Pacific Ocean, looking straight up while sitting on a balcony at the Santos Finisterra Resort. 
Extremely high above us coming from a South Easterly direction were two orange/white lights traveling relatively slow, in tandem, headed in a Westward direction. After watching them for about 20 to 30 seconds they merged together then shot straight out over the ocean at an impossible speed. The light abruptly stopped then split back into two separate lights before shooting into opposite directions, one going north, and the other going south at the same impossible speed. Thinking the event was over we both looked at each other and said, “What the hell did we just see?” Seconds after reciting that sentence I caught something out of my right side peripheral view, like a white see-through ‪blur‬. And the reason I marked three objects, is because now I was pointing out (to our right, north of us) a slow moving, silent triangle shape with three lights (one on each tip) that now seemed to be about 700 to 1,000 feet from us. Visually it looked completely different from the first two lights, but due to the blur that caught my eye, I believe we were still in the mist of the original event only now it was much much closer. The only way to describe the movement of the triangle is that it looked to be slowly tumbling or rolling in the sky. This lasted only seconds before it disappeared behind part of the resort building and was much lower in the sky.
The following day while walking around the Marina there was military activity. There was a low-flying helicopter around the marina and in front of the resort for approximately five minutes. When I asked a local vendor if it were typical for a military helicopter to fly that low around Marina and resort area, he told me he had never seen it before.
