{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5513027.json","updb_database_id":5513027}
(GS) witnessed

Two friends and myself witnessed one of these things in spring of 1996. We were on a paved walking path in a wooded area between blocks of an apartment complex in Memphis. It was heard before seen. What we heard was like someone with a bad leg dragging through leaves and underbrush. It was evening and dark outside but a large orange floodlight mounted on the corner of the nearest building gave an unmistakable silhouette. What we saw makes the old drawings look comical. The joints of the arms and shoulders were knobby and what appeared as very large ears scalloped along the top. We should have been terrified. It crossed our line of sight all the while moving its body in odd ways, turning the long fingers back and forth and opening and closing them. It also turned its head to the side and to face us several times. It disappeared into a dense patch of vegetation and trees where the dragging stopped and the light gave no more backdrop off the apartment walls to see by. One of us, our host for the evening glazed over and went inside. Now two of us that had been rooted to the ground but had been communicating alarmed curiosity in whispers walked into the patch of vegetation. We were almost giddy, but also wary of what might be. I made a silly comment "lets go back, what if it has a ray gun or something?", followed by an uneasy quiet laughter from both of us. I think it was an effort to comfort myself from something unexpected and so damn strange. There was some lost time. We only stood in the dark place for maybe 25 seconds. Upon return to the apartment our host ask us where the hell we had been and informed us that we had been outside for about 45 minutes after he came in. We strangely stopped talking about our experience and in fact by the time our night playing video games ended had forgotten the whole ordeal entirely. I woke up from an afternoon nap 2 days later with the whole thing like it just happened and immediately called the friend that had stuck with me and ask "did something happen the other night?". He slowly said yes and i knew the memory was just surfacing for him which he conceded to. Our host for that evening denied seeing anything but years later admitted to seeing "something". We did a lot of speculating including that it intentionally showed it self to us and had a reason for being there. This was long before I had broadband and search engines were not near as capable as they are now. It was i think four years later we finally got broadband and some months after that I put in the search for aliens with large ears and long sharp fingers. This somehow got me to the Kelly Hopkinsville 1955 incident. Although the sketches are really bad and look like cartoons they are unmistakably one of the same kind of thing. Having had sixteen years to ponder this and try to understand what happened, Im still clueless. We conjectured a lot and ended up with nothing more than we started with. It was an amazing experience though, i just wish i could understand more.
