{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4558,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5284027.json","updb_database_id":5284027}
Silver Cylindrical object with small bright energy ball

I live in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. My city resides across the river from Detroit, Michigan.

My first experience was a little over 10 years ago on a sunny September afternoon while I was outside on break from my place of work. I was sitting on a picnic table having a cigarette while I was on my first new cell phone, talking with my mom.

As I was talking with my mom, I noticed something coming from the North to south while looking at the west, from my point of view. It can from behind a tree, about approx. 1.5 miles from my position.

I was absolutely positive I was looking at a long cylindrical blimp. Why would I think it was anything else? I live across from Detroit and their sports teams sometimes have blimps flying around for advertising purposes, so I’m quite familiar with these flying balloons. They typically look like big footballs or long stretched out footballs. This object I saw was a very long silver cylindrical object that was shaped more like a silver test tube that was rounded at both ends.

As I was watching this “blimp”, I began to notice the object lacking things that a traditional blimp boasts as part of their usual characteristics. It was slowly cruising from my right to my left as I was continuing to converse with my mom. I noticed that it was lacking a tail for steering but didn’t think anything of it. Then I noticed it had no gondola for a pilot. Then an obvious characteristic most blimps show is advertising. This object had no such thing! I was really confused at this point. I still thought it was a blimp because I wasn’t expecting anything else. Why would I? Lol.

Then as my mom was talking to me, I noticed it came to a stop. It’s at this point, most blimps might use the wind to help push itself backwards into a turn. This cylinder just stopped dead, and stayed there for almost 10 minutes. I was almost 10 minutes over my break already. As I listened to my mom, watching this thing, something really odd happened. Something very bright and small, began zipping around the big object, like a fly. It was very fast. It was a bright white light with every colour of the rainbow flashing throughout the white as it was flying around the bigger object. It had a phosphorus glow to it. My hair stood up on ends while my mom asked me why I was so quiet. Lol. I was totally stymied as to what it was. I told my mom what I was seeing and she agreed that that was indeed very weird. I eventually went back to work while it remained stationary and forgot about it until a few years ago.

I was talking with someone when I said that I wished I could see a UFO one day because they’ve always fascinated me. I even did a presentation on the subject and the like in high-school when I was seventeen, before the modern internet. I am now 46. Anyway, the my brain lit up and remembered what I saw on that one sunny afternoon.

About 2 years after that realization, I saw a video I will post below that made my hair stand up on ends, again. There are two object around this particular cylindrical craft but the big object is pretty much exactly what I saw. The smaller object could have been around the size of the two smaller objects in this video but they’re different from the glowing ball of energy I saw ripping around the bigger object. Anyways, that’s my first experience. The two others regard orange orbs, close and at a great distance, but nonetheless very similar to each other and not as dramatic as my first sighting. I will tell you, that the orange orbs showed up as I was thinking about the cylindrical UFO. I even freaked my wife out when I told her I just witnessed the first orange orb right after we were discussing my first sighting of the cylindrical UFO. The other time was while we were in our hot tub while I was watching the Cassiopeia constellation. The video link is below.

https://youtu.be/8j4ppldRP9w
