{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109617","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5452027.json","updb_database_id":5452027}
Witnessed many orbs, crafts at Sabrina campground next to lake Sabrina June 15,16

My brother and I were camping in the lake Sabrina campground on June 15-18. Late on June 15th around twelve AM, we began to notice orbs in the sky, which was totally clear and you could see what seemed like every star. Some of the orbs would shoot to different locations with speeds that could not be explained and stop abruptly to take different formations. There also seemed to be several triangle shaped objects defined by three orbs at each point that would light up if we were watching them. You could not see through the triangles as if they blocked all stars behind them. One was very large and the other two were a quarter of the size. We noticed several of the ufos take on different colors, some with what seemed to be a green rotating light around it, and several with a red colour. We watched for several hours as they continued to travel to different areas of the sky and around 4 AM over the mountain ridge my brother shouted to me to look as two orbs sped across the mountain too travelling north and were closely followed by what seemed around twenty orbs lined perfectly, spaced perfectly all travelling in the same direction as the first two. The orbs seemed to be connected by what seemed like a metallic oval around all of them. As the orbs passed you could make out what seemed like the back of a ship and could see that it was all connected firming a cigar shape vessel. That ended night one and we proceeded to stay up late in the 16th of June as well. Once again had a lot of activity with the orbs, and saw another large vessel take form late around 3am. This one seemed to Be enveloped by a green haze or mist emanating from a bright star in the sky. Also emanating from another bright star seemed to be orbs that helped form the vessel. In the middle of a huge bright light began to glow, huge and white in the Center with what seemed to be purple prism lights on the outside. I proceeded to try and videotape with my iPhone and could only capture the super bright light. Being the distance we were it does not look like what I saw but still looks very interesting.
