{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-03-13 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5487027.json","updb_database_id":5487027}
While station with the army 2AD (FWD) Garlstedt germany bus ride to town

While riding on the bus from base at Garlstedt to bremerhaven friday night me and a platoon member took the 8:15 from our base to bremerhaven. Passing thru the town of Stotel germany we noticed a white round light coming toward the bus at a high rate of speed my platoon member said it was a helicopter and i replied I dont here the blades and stood up from my seat and started running down the center of the bus the next thing i remenber was waking up laying on the seat confused and disoriented and these two females were screaming were did you come from. With all of the commotion the bus driver pulled over and started asking me what was going on he thought I was getting fresh with the girls. the bus driver was german and spoke little english . I wastrying to remove my boots because my feet were like burning had to remove my coat because I could not stand the pain from the jacket weight. While talking with the bus driver he was speaking german and I responded in german I did not speaak much german but the two femals said I was speaking it fluantly. We all reboarded the bus and proceededto bremerhaven. We arrived at 10:00 pm The bus I left on was 8:15 which arrived with the passengers at 9:00 pm they were all at the coffee house acroos from the bus stop. my platoon mate was also there. We all had a coffee me with my boots and jacket in hand. Most ofus took the next bus back to base and little was said about the light or orb as one said but we were all curious as to why our watches had stopped working at 8:35 for the first bus riders and 9:35 for thesecond bus riders. I immediately went and notified the mps some people mad reports some just refussed to say any thing. I went with my platoon leader to the base medics I was in extreme pain and was having trouble breathing the medics transported me to he hospital in bremerhaven they ran atox screenand found nothing. The longer I sat still the worst the pain had gotten so i was walking the hall and talking to the doctor and explained again what had happened. He ran another test and found my blood had a high concentration of nitrogen and had asked my platoon leader if i had ppssibly been scuba diving because now said i was suffering from the bends. They kept me walking and on oxygenfor short periods and monitered the nitrogen levels and they slowly returned to normal. Sunday i returned to my baracks from the hospital. i was put in a seperate room and a gaurd was placed and escorted me to and from the mess hall. On tuesday i was taken to talk to an Air Force Psyciatrist. He had ahole bunch of question and then with my permission was given and injection. i woke from the injection in a rageand once I was fully aware of myselfe calmed down. Again ore questions about were i had been recently. The doctor was real curious if I had beento greece. He claimed I was ranting in some form of an ancient greek dialect. he did make one statement to me that i quite possibly set the human race back by 200 years. I wasalso informed the recordings and the mwdical records were going to be classified possibly secret can ou be of any help and have you any information of this from any one else. has the military been looking into old cases. I have afeeling some one hasor will be looking in to it. I never told them of an experiance from when i was 9. they may not of let me go if I had.
