{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-19 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5506027.json","updb_database_id":5506027}
Fireballs, sailing crosses and saturn-like pulsating objects that I got to be about 50 feet away from.

The next night, July 19 I went for another walk. I was getting excited and hoping now that I could see something again. I told my friends about it and they insisted I take a camera but I thought if they knew I had a camera, maybe they wouldn1t show up. And who would I show the picture to anyways? And it would just look like a light in a sea of black and wouldn1t prove anything. I wanted to see them more than I wanted a picture. It wasn1t worth it to me. 
This time I was an hour later than the nights previous, at about 1:30 am. At the corner of the field where the pond is. I rounded the corner and I saw this huge round orb with rings around it. It looked like Saturn. It was hovering about 50-100 feet over the pond. It was about 4 feet across. It was red and white lights but they were flashing smaller lights and much more quickly, like twinkling. It was like an orb and the lights were pulsing and shimmering, hard to explain. I was so excited! I ran to get closer, but it was so strange, every step I ran to see it, it seemed to keep moving back from me at the exact same distance as I was trying to get close to it. Like it didn1t want me to get closer. So as I kept moving toward it, it kept moving away from me. I ran to see it and it went behind a tree. I kept running around the pond to see where it was going and just slowly rose up to about 150 feet and went slowly over the tops of the houses and out of my vision.
I continued on my walk. In another field, behind the trees came this one that had 1 stick and beside it was another stick but a bit smaller than the other one. They were tied together by a line. It was just about 1-2 feet big. Then around the whole things was a Saturn ring that was pulsing red these ones didn1t hover. They went straight north and didn1t stop or waver or anything. just went straight, sailing, with no noise, right over my head. It was so weird because i saw the whole shape, there was no one in it, i couldnt understand how it could be a kid with some toy because it came from behind me and went so far in the distance till it was out of sight. it was 2 a.m. and there was no one around. i didn't know what i thought it was. I saw 3 different ones come over those trees and just head north. Towards where these fireballs were over the houses. I followed them. All week there had been these 1fireballs1 over the houses across the field. They were really bright. But they1d either be there or always go off in the sky at a 45 degree angle up and disappear. They didn1t seem to be anything but lights so I never thought of going to investigate.

I saw these 1fireballs1 (yellow-orange glowing stick-like things with the Saturn rings around them). It was hovering over the houses across the field. Bobbing up and down like it was in the water on a wave. There was a time when there were 4 of these things over the houses across the field from me. I started to go into the neighborhood and look for them. I would see one of them and run through someone1s yard and try to get closer to the object but they were only about 20 feet above the ground so the houses would obscure them. They were about the size of a beach ball, maybe 2 feet across of pure light. I1d try to run around the block and see them again. I would see one bobbing down in between 2 other houses and run for it. But by the time I always got to where it was, it was on the next street. They would go as high as just above the houses and then down in a yard then back up again. There were about 4 of these fireballs bobbing around for at least 3 hours. It seemed like they were looking for something or surveying the streets. They went from one street to the next. I hadn1t been in that neighborhood before so I didn1t know how to get around quickly and I was so tired running around the streets it was hard to keep up. The houses were too tall and the trees were blocking too much of the sky. I could see the ships sometimes in between the houses, but they would be moving and by the time I ran to the end of the street, I couldn1t see them anymore. Then I would again but just couldn1t get to where they were at. I followed them for 3.5 hours this night. I could never get closer than 100 feet to them (1 house yard away). I was so curious but it wasnt a craft, they were just lights so i knew no one was in them so i wasnt afraid.
