{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2868,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5496027.json","updb_database_id":5496027}
{cak} looked like a star, no stars out besides north star. moved very slowly, appeared closer than a star, ddnt flash colors like stars, just couldnt look away even if i wanted to

I was riding around in a car with three friends in the front passenger seat, we stopped on the rod on the coast and i saw the light, it appeared over the ocean but not to far from the coast (a couple miles at the most) I kept observing to make sure it wasn't a star, i observed the same degree that the object was at, 360 degrees, and their were no stars out besides less than a handful barely visible clustered straight up in the sky, not even close to the object. There was a little cloud a few degrees under the object and i tried using it as a still point to observe and see if i could notice the UFO moving. The UFO appeared to be moving extremely slow. When i squinted my eyes the outline appeared to be a sliver type shape vertical with the ground. I kept trying to convince my friends that it wasn't a satellite, because i have observed many before. And since the first second i looked at it,i couldn't look away. It brought an amazing sensation to my body just to look at it, the same sensation you would feel if you felt love,joy happiness, and content all at the same time. Its as if my eyes were glued to the object. I didn't even look away until a building blocked my view of the UFO while we were leaving front street (the coastal street). Now i with all of this information, it is easy to infer that i could have been looking at many plausible things but here is where it gets weirder. a few hours after we saw the object, during the middle of the night(somewhere around 3 am) there was an exremely bright flash in the sky. and many people saw it, and a great amount of people from my area were posting about it all over social media websites. The flash was so bright that it lit up the inside of the house i was in and there was only a small window that was not covered by blinds. My friends said they saw "lightning",(take note that i went outside right after the flash, and there was absolutely no clouds in the sky besides a few extremely small dissipating, barely visible clouds in the sky. This event took place sunday morning february 15th 2015. This is 100% truth and honesty.
