{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-20 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5548027.json","updb_database_id":5548027}
Bizarre Electrical Event.....MUFON ASD & FI

I have experienced close ufo encounters. The Field Investigator that was here during the evening of the following report of this electrical event, was also here at my home in 2006, when we both experienced a close encounter of a lare triangular craft. 
(See CMS reports...Michigan "Date of Event" 8-25-06)

Saturday, September 20, 2008...

My husband left Friday (9-19-08), early am for the Upper Peninsula of Michigan for 10 days to go fishing. My neighbors directly to the South of me, had gone out-of-town for the weekend as their son was getting married. My neighbor directly to the North of me was home, (his wife was out of state visiting relatives).

Both my daughters & I had spent most of the day Saturday house-cleaning: mopping, vacuuming, doing laundry, etc. My daughters each invited a friend to spend the night that night as well and so at approx 5-5:10pm, we left our house to go pick up their friends and make a couple other stops. We arrived back home at approx 7:45pm, and at 8pm, I took my dogs out front (west) and hooked them to their tie-outs. It was warm & decent out...(dark, half moon, millions of stars, somewhat humid)...so I stood outside, when I got a funny uneasy feeling. After about 8-10 minutes, I unhooked the dogs from their tie-outs & brought them back in. 

While back inside now, approx 5 minutes later, I walked down the hallway into my bedroom putting stuff away, and proceeded to close all of my bedroom window blinds. I hit the light-switch off, & as I went to leave the bedroom, I thought I had forgotten something, so I quickly glanced back around the room. Upon starting to turn back around to head out of my bedroom, there was this huge white flash, right by the north bedroom window, but outdoors (my blinds were shut)...yet this white flash didn't show in my west window. I instantly think lightning?, yet I know it's nice out, as I had just come in...then I think "camera flash". The girls and their friends are always taking photos. 

I stepped directly across the hallway into my daughter's bedroom, and I notice her blinds are still open & ask her if they had just taken a picture, when she says..."No, my camera is over there", pointing, then she says "Mom, I just saw a fla--" , and right in the middle of her saying that, a white flash of white light happened again...and this was just outside her North window and yet nothing from her east window (backyard). 

These flashes came from the North end of our home, where there are NO electrical poles/wires/etc...nothing outside at all. All electrical wires/boxes/etc, are located at the south end of my home, and power lines along the road (west). We have a 1-story ranch, with a walk-out basement in the North end of our home, which puts the north end of our home up like a 2-story.

This is where it gets weird...

Almost instantly after the second flash, EVERYTHING in the house that is electrical/electronic and has juice running to it, starts flashing, crackling, buzzing and humming. All you could hear was electricity running rampant through-out the entire house, as though someone took 10 live power lines from the street and laid them through-out our home...on walls, ceilings, floors, etc...inside and out. It was this very loud static, crackling, humming, buzzing....and very unnerving.

I instantly get my daughters and their friends to grab their sleep over stuff, the dogs,and get out of the house. I tell the kids to stay away from the house and sit out in the driveway.

I step back in, as what I had instantly noticed that was very odd, all the GFI plug outlets were tripping, yet all the power to everything else in the entire house was still on, just going absolutely berserk...and it wasn't lessening. Even lights that weren't turned on were coming on, etc...they had juice going to it (plugged in). I also thought it very odd that everything wasn't blowing/shorting out. There were absolutely NO visible sparks/flames/smoke/fire anywhere...nor the smell of any. 

It is now approx 8:30-8:35pm, I call my friend (also a MUFON FI) who lives approx 4 miles N/W of me, I explain what's going on & I ask her to come over fast.

I hang up and call 911, and alert them to what's going on, then I call Consumers Energy, but Consumers Energy doesn't answer their emergency line to which I tried a few more times (which in itself is very strange). I then call 911 back and 911 dispatch says they have a special tele#, and they will call Consumers Energy. 911 dispatch then calls me back, saying Consumers Energy will be here in awhile, they give me an order #, and tell me to call them back (911), if anything else happens in the meantime. 

In the meantime, I am thinking MAJOR electrical meltdown in my home...shorting everything out. I go back outdoors, to see if anything is burning and to check the outdoor poles/power lines and transformers. As I look around, going over everything, that's when I observe that its ONLY my house. None of the neighbors yard lights/porch lights/pole barn lights/nothing...is doing anything abnormal...it is strictly only MY home. I attempt to call my neighbor to the south of me, just in case someone is there (no-one home). I then call my neighbor to the north of me, but no answer. They usually go to bed around 8pm, as he gets up for work about 4am....so I leave a message on their answering machine. 

My friend gets here approx 9pm. With all the kids/pets safe outdoors, her & I head back into the house, and proceed to the basement, to check the main/breaker box. The entire basement is doing the same thing as the upstairs, and as we turn the corner to enter the office room, the sound is even worse. The entire wall around and behind the main breaker box is loudly snapping, crackling, buzzing, etc. I hesitated opening the main breaker box door, as I didn't want it to flash, if it contained any fire/sparking/etc, thats when reaches over and opens it.......there's NOTHING visible to indicate anything wrong...its just normal looking. NONE of the breakers had tripped.

Finally, approx 10pm, the electrical starts slowing down its bizarre behavior, and isn't so intense now, so I come back in and do a walk-thru', checking everything out. I tell everyone to go ahead and come back in but sit right in the living room for a quick exit. No-one from Consumers Energy has shown up yet. About 10:20pm, and I step back outdoors looking around checking the outside power poles & neighbors again...approx 5 minutes later...all the electrical totally 100% stops acting up...5 minutes after that, Consumers Energy shows up...it is now 10:30pm.

The guy is here for a good 1 & 1/2 hrs, until approx 12 midnight, checking everything he possibly can, inside and out with a fine toothed comb. He checks all the poles/lines on my property. He even puts monitoring equipment on my MAIN electrical breaker box. He is shocked that nothing shows anything ever happened. He had me reset all the GFI's, and turn on everything major, such as the oven, garbage disposal, microwave, etc...everything worked just fine. 

He checked in & out over & over...he can't find anything wrong anywhere. He is very puzzled by all this. He's been doing this for 24 years and there was NOTHING to show anything had ever happened....No scorch, burn marks, no wires burnt, nothing short-circuited...and EVERYTHING tested that everything was normal. None of the breakers were ever tripped..he said that nothing should still be working...it should all be fried. He found the whole thing very odd, and he kept bringing up the flashes of white light I told him we had witnessed immediately before it all started. 

He finally leaves and he drives back & forth down my road, and back by my house, to see if any line/transformer is messed up...nothing. leaves and sends me a text message upon arriving at her home to say she made it home ok...it is now 1:22am. 

At 2:04 AM...all the nightlight's, and emergency lights in my entire house start flickering and flashing again, however, there is no noise at all this time...no electrical buzzing-humming, no crackling, no sparking sound. I went thru' a couple of rooms & tested by turning on lights and they too were doing the erratic flashing/flickering, but no sound. I checked on all the girls, and to make sure nothing is burning/etc, anywhere. The last time I looked at the clock it was 3am....I awoke at 6am.

Sunday September 21, 2008...

Later in the day, I call my neighbor to the north of me, and just as I thought, he said that he was already asleep when I had called Saturday evening....and though he always hears the phone ring when he's asleep, he just lets the answering machine get it. He did get my message and indicated that he checked around his home, including all clocks (for flashing if power was interrupted), and he experienced absolutely no electrical interference, that he was aware of. 

When I went to leave to take my daughter's friend home, I noticed the electrical event also affected my Tahoe's instrument panel. I leased my truck August 2007---brand new---its a 2007 Chevy Tahoe. I have an appt to take it in to the dealership this coming week...thankfully its under warranty.

NOTES:

Consumers Energy (Power Company) could not find anything wrong, nor any evidence of anything ever even happening, so in the days that followed, I had an electrician, as well as a heating/cooling/plumbing technician come out. Not a one of them could find any burnt, scorched, fried shorted wires nor anything else to show that anything happened....except...they did confirm, that whatever happened, did destroy my A/C. I have an appt to have my truck checked out as well.
