{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5495027.json","updb_database_id":5495027}
{dr}It was raining and I was cleaning out the gutter I heard what sounded like a jet and pulsating Looked up and saw the craft then saw flashes of light before my eyes I lost around 2 hrs of time after seeing the lights I dont remember anything after this

I was at home ..It had been raining really hard and my gutter in the front of the house was clogged and running over the sides above my front door. So I decided to go clean the gutter before it got any worse. To make a long story short I went out once and came back in..Went out a second time it was around 8:10 pm. I had gotten the gutter cleaned out took about 20 minutes. Put the hose and things away. I stood on the porch to see if the water was going through the gutter and down the drain. I then heard what I thought was a jet or something to that effect.I thought it was kinda odd with the weather that was going on.. I stepped off the porch and looked up in the sky, I wasn't for sure what I was looking at at first. It was a black triangular shaped craft with a grey triangular shape on the underside with three red pulsating lights on each corner. It was hovering just below the cloud cover As I was looking at this craft after about a minute I started to see pulsating white lights before my eyes'' I'm not sure how long this went on for I remember nothing after seeing the lights. All I remember is going in the house looking at the clock and saying to my wife it's 10:30 pm..This has been weighing on my mind for over a week with what had happened and not knowing what happened to me in the 2 hr difference and not knowing who to tell my story to. I am still in shock (Scared) over this!!!
I do not have any pics or video of this occurrence for it was something I was not expecting and it all happened so fast..
''This was my first experience with this type of situation''
If ever I had any doubts about UFO's 'I don't anymore''100% believer now!
