{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-03 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458027","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5213,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/027/mufon-5458027.json","updb_database_id":5458027}
{rjl} Black Triangle Hovered over my house in 2013, not sure exact date

Sometime in 2013 during the summer my 2 friends had come over to my house to hang out. We stayed up late late playing video games. One of my friends "M" suggests we go outside and get some fresh air, so we do. I thought it was kind of unusual for him to suggest this but I went with it anyways. We go outside to the front of my house in the drive way. It's 7-9pm at night from what I can recall. Both my friends are doing drugs(dabs). I want to mention though that they both have high tolerances. Anyways I didn't partake. So we are outside enjoying the air and now I'm used to commercial planes flying over my house from you know 10 thousand feet plus in the air on their way to the airport. However I see what looks like a plane fly over my house but it's very, very low. My vision isn't very focused because I just kind of glances up into the sky. All I can see is the black night and the regular light pattern of an airplane underneath. Then all of a sudden its like I find my self in a different position. My arm is held out in front of my body and I'm staring directly up at the craft. My hand is swallowed in an extremely bright light shining down, brighter then the sun. I'm forced to look away and as I do I notice the air around me is blurred like I'm caught in a heatwave and it's an orange reddish color. I also hear a loud buzzing/hum noise. GGGGRRRRZZZZZZZZZZ. I don't know how to describe it because I've never heard anything like it. As I look away I can feel that my body is bent very far back and I keep thinking I'm going to fall over...but I don't. And then all of a sudden it's over and the craft is gone. I look at my two friends and one of them says it was a UFO. I'm still in shock and I tell him confidently 'no it was an airplane'. Then my other friend "O" tells me 'no dude, that was a freakin UFO!' We decide to go inside and we talk about what happened for a little bit and I honestly can't recall the rest of the night but we go to bed and the next day I don't even remember it. A few years go by until 2018 when I remember this happened and I realize that I'm one of the few people who actually has had a Black Triangle craft hover over them. I try to get my two friends to talk to me about it but "M" doesn't even remember the incident and "O" remembers but will never talk to me about it. I asked him to draw the craft because he's an artist and I was blinded during the even so I couldn't really make out any details. I have his drawing but he said that's not what it looks like just a basic sketch. I have asked him to draw something very detailed but he refuses. I don't think he wants to confront what happened to him. Every time I bring it up since he dodges the question. I've had two past UFO encounters but this was the only one I saw with other people so I know it happened for a fact. Part of me feels like this was alien because when I sit down and think about why the military or any government in the world would have a craft like this hover over suburban houses at night and scare people it doesn't make any sense. However this craft is most likely ours I just don't understand it....

I should mention that after talking about this incident online someone asked me if this sighting occurred close to a missile sight, and I used google maps and found an old cold war nike missile site near by. I don't know if this has to do with it but I honestly doubt it. All I know is this craft did fly in the same path as commercial craft do in my area and that's why I assumed it was a plane at first until I realized what was happening. Since this incident I have joined the Marines and have seen jets, helicopters and various vehicles and nothing is like this craft. I want to mention that this craft did not make any noise until it was right on top of us. Also when I try to get more details out of what happened that night with my friend "O" he says that it all happened in a different location at my house. I doubt this because I remember clearly it happening in my driveway but like I said when it was all going down I felt like one second I was standing there talking to my friends and the next instantly looking up with my arm out in front of me I feel that we lost time or our reality changed. Or its all from shock of the event I have no idea. I just felt like I was finally ready to reach out to yall and talk about this because I'm sick of living every day as if it didn't happen.
