{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1956-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2579,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5510478.json","updb_database_id":5510478}
{cak} No craft but physical contact

I was about 3 years old having just moved with my family to Marshall, Texas from Pineland, Texas. We were poor and rented a small 2 bedroom house and with 7 children, beds were everywhere!! I slept with my just older brother in my parents room. The head of the bed was toward a wall with 2 large windows which were left open for coolness and air circulation. The foot of the bed was toward the center of the room but had a door going into the second bedroom just at the end of the bed on the right. There was also a dresser at the foot of the bed against a partial wall. I woke sometime in the early AM hours and felt like I was being watched. I couldnt understand the feeling I had and could see no one. Suddenly, I felt something being placed, or thrown over me and slowly pulled to the foot of the bed. I reached out and touched it finding it to be like some sort of net. The material was very sturdy but pliable and lightweight. Whatever or whoever was at the end of the bed pulled the "net" slowly and evenly until it was completely off of my brother and me. He never woke during the whole process and knew nothing about it the next morning. I heard nothing in the room but shortly afterwards, I heard the back door close and my father, who was in the same room, got out of bed and went to lock it. This in itself was very off because my father was a very light sleeper and never went to be with the doors unlocked. Securing the house at night was as natural to him as breathing. I called to him but he told me to go back to sleep, which I did even though I was very frightened during the incident. My father denied everything the next morning telling me not to say anything to anyone about it. Ive never spoken to anyone outside my immediate family but when we did talk, it seems as though the whole family have had memory lapses in time. Ive never read anything like this event and was wondering if there are others out there who have had the same?
