{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-27 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5287478.json","updb_database_id":5287478}
Small black objects dancing in and out of clouds with unbelievable movement. Daytime videos, 3 witnesses, saw another report as well.

Observed 2-3 objects do some cool movements while outside. Thought they were birds but after watching these videos over, I decided to report it. I saw 1, started videoing, then another popped up. Got my mother and brother out there after they watched the video. after awhile one zoomed over the house and almost free fell but seemed to still be at its same altitude, I asked my brother if he saw that and he didn’t know what to say. So, I starting taping again and luckily got the “free fall” speed right at cloud level; that is the first video. The second one is the same object but 4 days earlier, didn’t think much of it until i saw them again. In that one it almost flies like an insect but at cloud level! The third video is the two with each other which occurred before the first video, I didn’t even see the second leave they were so small. The second one enters from the left and if you keep watching, stops on a dime at some unheard of speed. At the end of the video the object disappears into a cloud and never comes out, but if you look closely, it’s sitting inside of it for a few seconds. Minutes later single engine plane was flying in the same position and altitude as those objects, its distance/time was a quarter of what these things were pushing. 
I saw another person report the same thing over their home but halfway across the country. Which is really interesting.
This is the second incident over my house, my first incident is a closer and bigger object that is white. The case # is 112916 
I don’t know what these are, I can see some saying birds but birds don’t like clouds that much, and also we should designate a new species for birds that can fly that fast lol.
