{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-11 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2839,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5505478.json","updb_database_id":5505478}
{nd} Bright, multicolored, random light pattern object with unusual flight direction seen in southwest Lubbock, TX

Family was returning home from a quick trip into town. As we entered our subdivision in the southwest side of Lubbock we noticed bright lights in the sky. These lights were multiple colors and very bright. They almost sparkled! Unlike any kind of aircraft lights we have ever seen. The lights appeared to be coming from only one sort of flying object and appeared to be moving west. It almost sparkled like a large star that appeared to be getting close to us. We stopped in the car to get a good look at it and noticed it appeared to be moving closer to our direction. The lights were bright and the colors appeared to be flashing randomly and not in a pattern like you would see on a helicopter or commercial flight. We were just a few blocks from our home when we noticed this in the sky. My son said that he saw the object move at a very high rate of speed and then appeared to just stop in the sky. We were so amazed at what we were looking at that we quickly parked in the parking lot at a nearby school to watch the object. At this time now the objest appeared to move to a SE direction and stop in the sky. We did feel excited at what we were seeing because we had never encountered a flying object that moved and had colors like this. After watching this for approximately 10 minutes it appeared to travel to a certain point and then appeared to move away from us. What was so unusual was that approximately at this time there was a plane that flew in front of us traveling north in the distance and we compared the two objects. The plane had a red flashing light with a pattern and this object had multiple lights that did not appear to have a set pattern. Also, we used a street light as a reference to the approximate angle of where this craft was at this time and it stayed at almost a perfect angle even when it appeared to be getting father away unlike the plane that was flying north at this time. It also appeared to stay at one point for some time before appearing smaller, yet at the same angle. We pulled our phones out and attempted to record what we were seeing, but we were unable to get a clear image of this object.
