{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-04 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9705,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5518478.json","updb_database_id":5518478}
Brightly colored sphere hovering/flying about close to ground level for a prolonged time

I was going into work, in New hyde park, Ny. November had just started. I was already late by an hour,and by the time i arrived at my catering job it was around 7:45-8 pm. I was debating earlier whether or not i should go into work late, and eventually decided that i probably should. I stood outside my job building smoking a cigarette as i watched people pull in the parking lot. (worked at a catering place, was a waiter). I finished my cigarette and turned to go inside the building, but i decided to just glance up at the sky, as i often do at times, just to look at the stars and also just in case i see anything unusual. Well, this was my lucky day. 
  I have seen UFOs before, and other odd appearances in the sky so i was no stranger to the phenomenon. As i glanced up towards the west, i noticed there was an oddly bright spherical object flashing multiple vivid colors. When i say these colors were vivid its as if the digital vibrance was turned up to 100% on it, the color hues were rich, brighter than anything that i had seen man made. At first i just glanced at it and didn't think much of it, but i instinctively did a double take. Upon my second glance i was quite astonished. The object was just hovering maybe no more than a mile a way and maybe only about 200 feet above the ground. It definatly was not a helicopter or any other man made object, and it did not emit sound. The colors it kept flashing; red, blue, green, purple, red, blue, were just incredibly bright. I thought "hmmm, thats odd" and kept staring at it dumbstruck. As i watched the spherical thing started to move gracfully and swiftly to the right, and then immediatly to the left. At that point i thought to myself "this is definatly a UFO, i cant believe im seeing this so close and in person". I was just wishing the other day that a ufo should appear so that i would have proof and be able to show it to friends and people, so that they would stop calling me crazy and actually know that we arent alone. Well i had my wish. 
  The sphere kept hovering, then moving sometimes slowly, and then sometimes changing direction all of a sudden. It was almost as if it could sense me watching it. Finally recovering from my suprise i looked around to see if anyone else was seeing what i was. To my amazement the other person who was standing not too far from me didn't have a clue that there was something odd hovering in the sky. I thought "oh come on how can you not have noticed this by now?!". At this point it was about 8:10-8:15 pm, and i had been just staring at this thing hover for about a good 10 mins. Since i didn't see where it came from, and noticed it just hanging there in the air when i turned around, my guess is it mustve been there for quite sometime before i noticed. I finally realized "wait, why am i watching this and not recording it?. I immediately got my phone out and started taking video.
   I watched as my view of it weaving back and forth between two houses that were in my way. It was almost as if it was being playful. After about a minute i stopped taking video thinking it was gone after it didn't come back into view. But lo and behold it rose above the housing line again, and i put my camera back on. As far as i could see and i have 20/20 vision, there were no windows or anything on the object that would indicate things inside of it. It just seemed like a bright glowing ball, made possibly of metal. At this point it started to move southward, towards the LIRR train tracks. It again went out of my view. I was determined not to loose sight of it so i quickly ran the two long blocks as far as i could down to the train tracks. I had it back in view again. I watched as it eerily floated steadily southward, and approached a huge tree, maybe a couple of hundred feet away. It rose a little upward in the sky, did some acrobatic "flip" type of move, flashed a bright white light emanating from the center of it, and went back to flashing the multi colors. It started to descend towards the tops of teh tree line, and all of a sudden dipped even lower towards teh ground, and went behind buildings where i couldnt see. I said outloud "go up, come back up" and it did just that, it shot quite switly back up to a height where i could see it just above the treeline. It did a little dance to the left then right, and shot quickly away towards the south, dissappearing into no where. At this point i stopped taking video. I was amazed at such a display, and really thanked God that this had finally occured. Oh, and by the way that it was moving, you could tell that it must have had its own gravity drive system, because when it moved it didn't have any inertia. It just looked graceful as if there was an invisible giant hand grabbing it and moving it. Now this was also near the Belmont racetrack which was pretty much right under where the UFO had disappeared. To me it looked almost as if it might have landed in the racetrack. 
    I was still amazed at seeing a UFO so close up, you could almost touch it, and in New Hyde Park, NY of all places! In such a busy city like place, there had to be other people that saw it. I was watching a filming it for a good 20 mins at least so it was there for a pretty long time. I decided to skip work at this point, i was too excited at the notion of experiencing this. I got in my car parked two blocks away and decided to drive in the direction it had gone. Well i couldnt go far because the railroad was blocking me from going in that direction. I decided "lets see if i can drive around over here and see if anyone else saw this". I drove about four blocks and sure enough there was a group of four people just standing on a street corner staring up at the sky in axiousness, as if they were expecting to see something, and also had the expressions of amazement on their face. I pulled up next to them and asked "did you guys just see that?". They all said yea what was that? you saw it too? I responded "yea i saw it, ive been recording it for the past 10 mins" They said "What do you think it was, was it a helicopter or something?". I looked at them and said "are you serious? That was a UFO, you couldnt tell by the way it was moving?", although i do realize these looked like your normal everyday people that didn't have a clue about what a ufo was. So i elected to show them my video footage. They stared at it in amazement, and said "how did you get this? Three of us tried to take video of it, and it didn't save on ANY of our phones." I said really, because i have three videos of it. At this point i thought that the reason it didn't save on there phones, but did on mine was because they were either too close to the object and it was giving off sometime of electromagnetic radiation that wouldnt allow for people to video tape its existence, or it somehow knew that they were taking video and just didn't allow the videos to save. As for me, i was close yet far enough away from it for it to not really notice me all too much, or maybe it did notice me and for some odd reason let me keep video of it. Either way i was at that moment the only person that i and they knew that had video proof of it. I told them i would email the videos to them so they could have proof and show their families. They thanked me and gave me an email address and then went home. I tried sending it to them but for some reason my phone would not send the email. So i decided to send it at home later from a computer. 
   Through working and being busy i forgot about sending teh video to them, and over the next few months didn't think much about sending the video to anyone. Sometime in february i decided to look at the video on my phone again, to go over them and show a few friends i was with who didn't believe me. So i went to find the videos in my phones library, and oddly enough my memory card had nothing on it. It was wiped clean. I panicked a little, and couldnt figure out how this had happened when just a few days earlier i had the videos on my phone. It was at this point that i thought i lost the videos for good. Not so. I was going through my email accoutns on my phone a couple of weeks later when i noticed i had an unsuccessfully sent message in my AIM mailbox. I opened it and by some miracle the email that i had tried sending back in november was still there, and even better attached to it was 2 of the video files. I tried saving them back onto my memory card but no option came up for that. Ive tried transferring the whole email onto my computer and it seems thats not working either. So im stuck with these two videos just hanging by a thread in my phone. For this reason i cannot upload them here, but if i figure out how i will. So that is my story, a dream come true perhaps of a real ufo encounter, practically in my citys own back yard. If anyone would like to see the video i guess i could take a video of the video on my phone, and send it to you. My email is [email redacted/cms/tg] Thank you.
