{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-14 01:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5459478.json","updb_database_id":5459478}
{tjd} Triangular in shape but the tip curved inward. I guess ray-shaped might fit the description.

A family member and I were traveling back from a wedding up in Putnam County, NY dow back towards Westchester County, NY. We were on the 684. I'm not very familiar with the area so exactly where we were on the 684, I have no idea. 
I've been into UFO's and aliens and what not for a long time and recently listened to podcast that talked about the Hudson Valley UFO sightings and made a comment to my family member about it. He's very skeptical about all of this so he just laughed it off.
10 minutes later, he's talking on the phone with someone and we see what looked like a shooting star but lower than a plane shoot south towards Westchester. I didn't say anything at first because I was in disbelief. He starts freaking out on the phone about how we were just joking about seeing a UFO and after that he gets back to.his conversation. A minute or two later we see it again this time going the opposite direction towards Putnam. This is where we saw the shape of it more clearly. At the point he hung up the phone and exclaimed "Something is going on here." And hung up the phone. The both of us sat in awe for a bit and confirmed with each other what we saw and then it happened once more going back towards Westchester. 
I may have seen in a fourth time going West but I may have just fooled myself into thinking I saw it again. It literally went by as fast as a shooting star all 3 times but there was definitely some shape to it and it had a bright white trail behind it. What's interesting to me is that it seemed to go back and forth over the same area. 
Also I don't want this to discredit the report at all but I feel it's worth mentioning. I recently started getting into the idea that there is some sort of psychic connection between UFOs and us based on some ideas that they keep talking about on Last Podcast on the Left. The entire night I kept thinking in my head that tonight might just be the night. When it happened and my family member confirmed it. I thanked it in my head for allowing me to see it and then a minute or so later I was still in awe and in my head I said something about how it would be cool to see again just to be sure and that's when we saw it the second time. The third time happened on it's own. But idk maybe there really is some connection. Who knows? Anyway it was really interesting and I hope that maybe I can see something like that again.
