{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-08 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116905","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5286478.json","updb_database_id":5286478}
Witnessed a bright ball of light hovering at 1000-2000 ftfor 25-30 minutes that then came down and intersected my path on the highway less than 100 aw

I witnessed a triangle shaped ufo up close and personal. I had observed this ufo as just an extremely bright light in the sky west of me as I traveled west on I-80. I traveled toward it, filming intermittently for 25-30 minutes. It seemed stationary for a long time until it seemed to change locations with a very unnatural, smooth acceleration. I got 3 videos of just this ball of light in the sky as I'm driving toward it. The first 2 videos I'm sharing are the ones you can actually see this light in. 
At almost exactly 10pm this ball of light descended out of the sky from that 1000-2000 ft altitude toward me from (not directly toward me, but toward the spot I would intersect it at) at a very fast rate of speed. 100+ mph possibly up to 200 mph . It emitted a flourescent green glow as it descended. At an altitude of approx 100 ft above the ground and a distance of approx 200 yds ahead of me at a 9 o'clock heading it abruptly slowed its speed to 20-30 mph and crossed my path of travel at a 90° angle at the same 100 ft altitude. I traveled almost directly under this craft. While this is going on I managed to capture 1 second of this craft in front of me on the highway. I don't know whether I messed up trying to video or whether this object affected my phone and stopped the recording, but all I got was 1 second of video. This will be video #3 posted. A slowed down version will be video #4. I looked up at this triangle shaped ship as it floated silently over top of me. It had 3 extremely bright lights on the bottom that appear white from the side, but once looking up into them they're literally every color you can imagine swirling together like some sort of plasma. Incredible. Unlike anything I've ever seen. I slammed on my brakes and jumped out of my car and attempted to video ths thing but I couldn't get my camera to work properly until it was out of range and into the darkness, all lights turned off except a blinking red light on the front of the craft. This object again made zero sound.
 I couldn't believe what I had just seen. I called my mother and woke her up to tell her about it. As I'm on the phone with her, I round another bend in the highway and see the same type of object in the sky ahead of me. It was also traveling North as as the 1st one was. I took one of the Rock Island exits heading North to attempt to get better video. I managed to get nearly beneath this 2nd craft and take another video. This will be video #5 posted. This video is shaky because I'm driving. I tried to keep pace with it and get steady video, but I just couldn't. It slowed, then sped, then changed directions so erratically. One moment just hovering, the next, going 100+ mph. Then reversing directions and climbing altitude, then descending and hovering again. I spent close to an hour driving around Rock Island Illinois tracking this object and trying to monitor and record it. The videos I got aren't great. It was extremely difficult to capture what I did. 
I stopped at a stop sign somewhere in Rock Island and when I looked back up, it was gone. Never did locate it again. I hope these videos and screenshots from them will provide some evidence for the group. I've always been a believer that there's something else out there, but being as close as I was and witnessing this first hand has been hands down the most extraordinary event of my life. Ive included screenshots of these videos that I think are the clearest images to show also. There are details of this story that are left out out for the sake of brevity. If contacted I will provide every detail of this encounter. Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from someone who can help explain this to me
