{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-02 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5482478.json","updb_database_id":5482478}
{nd} Saw several lights of different colors in the northwestern sky while walking dog, moving in different directions then slowly turning off

We were out walking the dog about 9:30 pm on June 2nd 2015 and as we were crossing the street I saw what I thought at the moment was several airplanes or helicopters above the trees looking down the street. I thought wow, the city really has grown for the airport to have so much flight traffic. At that point my friend hurriedly and anxiously told me to get my phone to take pictures. I wasn't completely aware of what he was going on about until I got to the middle of the street and he pointed out that they weren't planes. As I looked up at the sky down the middle of the street I saw several lights of different colors moving in various directions. There were about 6 lights in red, yellow and white, some moving horizontally, others vertically. I reached for my phone to try to record all I could. Then I realized that to the right of the street there were 3 much brighter and bigger lights in white, horizontally aligned, off over the trees. There was no sound to it. They started to individually dim from the one on the left, with another appearing on the right side just as the one on the left had gone out. I wondered if whatever it was was turning. By now we were both excitedly running down the middle of the street trying to record what we were watching, and hoping to get to the house and in the car to follow it. We ran the 2 blocks to the house and got in the car with our dog, and took off in the direction we had seen it. We got on the road but couldn't find it anymore. I checked the phone for the recording and pictures, but nothing was visible on it. We went out again a few times after that to see if we could get a video or picture of it but nothing so far.
