{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-26 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530478","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25000","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/478/mufon-5530478.json","updb_database_id":5530478}
Large classic flying saucer with a dome on top, Highly reflective brushed silver finish.

I was driving with my dog from Denver to my cabin in northern Wisconsin, heading eastbound on Interstate 80 at approximately 3:30 PM on June, 26, 2009. I had just passed a large storm cell and photographed a possible funnel cloud 30 minutes earlier. It was sunny at the time and I recall seeing a flash that caught my eye. I looked to the left and saw an unmistakable, large, "classic" flying saucer with a small dome on top, hovering stationary just above a white grain silo about a half to a 1 mile north of I80. The silo & saucer were visible from both directions. The area between the freeway and the silo was flat with grass. I first thought this was exactly like the 501s sci-fi movie discs (life imitating art?). However, I was struck by the size and the metallic finish. It was about twice the size of the silo, larger than I would have guessed and while silver; it had what appeared to be brushed nickel finish-unlike chrome, yet highly reflective. I have never seen metal like that before.

I considered calling 911 at the time, but I could not pinpoint my location, I couldn1t find a mile marker or any signs or exits for a long distance. I was east of North Platte, NB and I think I was west of Kearney, but can1t be certain. I am sure I was west of Grand Island. As soon as I spotted it, I changed lanes & grabbed my camera. But just as I was focusing to shoot, the saucer, which had been hovering stationary, slowly landed behind the silo, dropping out of sight. The timing was such that I wondered if it knew I was trying to photograph it. I then checked my watch and rechecked it for hours after to make sure I didn1t 1miss time1. I also didn1t see any planes or helicopters in the area. Even if I could have exited the freeway, I would never have followed it as I did not want to be abducted. 

Other people had to have seen it, because the traffic was fairly heavy in both directions. The disc hovered close to the ground in broad daylight. While my encounter was brief, less than a minute, I don1t know for how long it had been visible prior to my noticing it. I would really like to know if anyone else reported it, if any cattle mutilations were reported in the vicinity and if the incident was ever investigated.
