{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-09-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481058","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/058/mufon-5481058.json","updb_database_id":5481058}
{nd} Solid ball white light

12 years ago I was with my older brother (I was 19 at the time) when we experienced this light that I continue to think about regularly. We were at end of dirt road that is one corner of a good size cow field around this area (u.p. MI). We were outside just watching for bucks with our binos which we did somewhat regularly. I remember seeing a light appear maybe 25 30 yards in trees opposite side road of field. By this point it was dark and my first thought was flashlight since this light appeared few feet of the ground. The size was about a soccer ball and was the best i can describe the color of what a flashlight would appear after dark. Now this was my initial thought and initial thought only as I has yelled moderately Hello 2 times before realizing a few things at once. Theres was absolutely zero projected light from this solid round 360 degree ball of light. It was also fall and u cant take a step at night without leaves giving you away. It was silent, not to mention the moves this made was no man made light.
I look at my brother as I realize what is happening. He has sheer terrer on his face and i recall this is the point i froze in shock. The light was coming directly at us slowly hovering in what seemed like forever to get to us. I mean this light appeared on us on purpose and made many moves to get to a clear view of us. So this light finally makes it way to an opening in trees which is I kid you not maybe 10 feet from our faces! It was hovering directly above a burm made where there the was maybe a 5 foot opening in tree line.

After getting to opening it stayed there for what seemed like 10 or 15 good seconds then suddenly dissapeared without a sound. I mean not a single sound not even a cricket when this light appeared. It was amazing, yet I wish I would have went back for proof. Seeing is believing.
