{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-30 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285058","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118353","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/058/mufon-5285058.json","updb_database_id":5285058}
Concord, second sighting in one year

Concord nc approx 8 pm traveling south on 29. I witnessed what I thought for a split second was a slow plane over Philip Morris old factory. Then quickly, it appeared to 'expel' fire in a streak. At first I thought shooting star but with fire? That was quickly disproven within 2 seconds when a round glowing orb appeared at the end of the 'fire streak'. The 'plane' carried on extremely slowly. I do not think it was a plane bc it appeared to move so slow from here on. The orb 'expelled' traveled very quickly west along George Lyles. It moved very fast then stopped around Weddington and hovered for about a minute. 
Then another appeared west of it. It was moving very quickly toward the now static hovering one. My son and I were watching. My husband was driving slowly. The second orb appeared to be so close to colliding with the static one and a tree obstructed our view for about 2 seconds. When we could see again (no more than 3 seconds), the second orb was then flying away, opposite direction, of the static one, by a ways!! We were freaking out. I've never seen anything change direction that quickly. 
We made it into our destination location and pulled over. The one which had remained static since it had been 'expelled was still static and blinking. The other now still flying opposite but much slower and eventually halted (within 1 min of flying). It also started pulsating white and I think reddish flashes.
I got out of vehicle and looked up and saw what I thought were 2-3 more, much closer, not as bright. 
At this time we are clearly freaked and my hubs tells me to get in the car. I watch the original expelled one remain static for another minute until it literally disappeared. 
They were not stars. My husband and my son saw them as well. 
My first sighting was during the day a year ago with orbs with similar behavior in concord. 
I was a non believer bf all this.
