{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-20 20:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526058","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/058/mufon-5526058.json","updb_database_id":5526058}
Blue stationary light with white point at center dissappeared suddenly

I had just turned right from N Byhalia Rd onto White Rd heading west. I was accelerating to 30mph and panned my eyes from the evening clouds east of me (where it was becoming dark) to the west where I was heading (no clouds). Toward the west, south-west I noticed a distinct blue glow/light with a white dot at the center. The object was stationary, and had the shape of a flattened diamond or flattened infinite shape. I knew it wasn't an airplane (I've grown up around a major airport and I have never seen anything like this and the apparent elevation and size of the object in relation to setting sun ruled out reflection) so I started thinking it was a star but the shape was really inconsistent with that as well. (I want to make record of this next part although it seems really strange.) I then had the thought, "I wonder if it knows I see it." At which point it simply vanished. Almost like if someone was shining a flashlight at you from across a field and then turned the light off without warning. It was just gone. There were no other objects in the sky. No silhouettes, shimmers, nothing. I continued scanning the area trying to come up with an explanation, the hair started standing up on the back of my neck as I realised I can't explain what I just saw. I then called my wife and told her "I think I just saw an honest to God UFO." I'm writing this now to make record as I am trying to recall as much detail as possible and I am going to return to the site tomorrow and try and get some pictures and reference points to see if I can come up with an explanation for what I saw.
