{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476058","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/058/mufon-5476058.json","updb_database_id":5476058}
Hovering UFO observed under clouds, then disappeared in clouds.

When i was heading back home on my motorcycle after i visited my girlfriend (at the time) i saw on my right upper side a clear hovering round object with around 10 lights glowing at the outside of the circle-shaped object. I noticed the object because it was definetely not an airplane or any known flying object. Alien life never really bothered me, until i saw what i saw. It was something like a round flying disk. I tried taking a clear shot with my phone camera, but back then my iphone 4S its camera was not good enough to take any clear pictures of it while i was driving (i didn't want to stop my bike because the object would be too far away by the moment i could take a picture. I saw it hovering for a period of 2 minutes so it was definetely not a glimp. It was moving at a speed of around 200km/h , definetely not very fast! I felt very weird. I didn't tell anyone but my girlfriend because (as a teenager) i was afraid friends would make fun of me. My girlfriend believed me however because she was surprised of how certain i was from what i saw.
I tried to follow the object as it was hovering parallel to the road i was driving on. It disappeared in the grey clouds. I remembered being astonished by the fact that i saw a UFO in belgium, which isn't an important country at all and it would make way more sense if it was in the USA, Russia or any other big important country.
I am only reporting this now because the image i have of it still spooks my mind (almost 2 years ago). I searched some of it online and Craig R. Lang, Close Encounter Researcher and MUFON Field Investigator posted a post on Quora on which he recommended this website. 

NOTE: I didn't really believe in alien life until that event, and i am very certain of what i saw. I only want to share my story and confirm the suspicions of alien life, in hope to encourage your work.

Kind regards,
Albert
