{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-17 01:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284058","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/058/mufon-5284058.json","updb_database_id":5284058}
Unknown silent craft flying in controlled airspace

I work as a commercial drone operator and as part of my job I am required to be an observer of other air traffic. I live in proximity to London City Airport and the airspace where I live is used in the landing approach by commercial aircraft.

The sighting took place at 01:50 hours on Wednesday 17th November 2021. I had returned home late from a filming job and while I left my computer importing the footage I went into my back garden to have a cigarette. The weather conditions that night were clear with no cloud cover and the wind speed was very low (0-2mph) meaning that there was no ambient noise being created by wind in trees etc and at that time of night there was no air traffic and visibility was clear.

I was observing the night sky when I noticed a craft flying on a straight path from North to South at an estimated 3,000-5,000 feet (could have been higher as there was no point of reference with no cloud cover). The craft did not have any required navigation/identification lights and could only be seen as a result of the glare from the street lighting illuminating the underside of the craft which appeared to be a dull metallic material. As the environment was silent I would have heard an engine sound however this craft was completely silent but flying at high speed (approx. 200-400 mph) so much faster than a prop plane and more in keeping with a jet aircraft however as stated the craft was silent.

The craft which appeared as a solid metallic object had a very unusual shape. It was essentially rectangular in shape but where the width was many times longer than the length. As the craft flew closer the centre of the craft appeared to have an egg shaped body at the centre which was shown by the way in which the street light was being reflected. On either side of this 'compartment' there were long protrusions either side similar to wings however these 'wings' were not tapered or swept back and ran the length of the central compartment. The join between the central compartment and the protrusions appeared smooth as though it was all one singular thing. They were squared off at each end so the overall shape was that of a 'cigar' flying sideways.

The flight path from North to South followed the route of the A1010 which runs through Tottenham, London and would have meant that I was flying directly over or in close proximity to Tottenham Hotspur football stadium. As mentioned the craft appeared solid and was travelling at high speed without sound. I wondered whether this was picked up on radar by air traffic control as while there was no other air traffic at that time of night the flight path would have taken the craft through controlled airspace.
