{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5525356.json","updb_database_id":5525356}
rectangle lighted object was hovering to the west of Illinois Rt. 15 then flew over my car at slow speed

In Sept, 2006, approximately 9:30 PM, I was living in southern Illinois and was driving home from EMT class on rural roads on Illinois Rt. 15 in Wayne county, IL. There were never many cars on the road as its a rather rural area, and dark and desolate at night. I noticed a bright set of lights hovering in the sky off to my north near the small town of Mt. Erie, IL., approximately 5 miles away. My first impression was that it was a bright farm light in the small community of Mt. Erie. 
 As I continued to drive home, east on RT. 15, the bright lights banked in an erratic motion and begin moving toward my direction. The lights became larger and brighter and I could discern a rectangular shape object with three solid, non-blinking round lights on the side (or bottom?),being red, an irredescent green and a golden color on the outside of the object. The object continued gliding slowly in front of my driving path and appeared to be approximately 500 feet high. 
I slowed my car down considerably to watch the craft through my front windshield, as there were no other cars on the highway. The craft slowed down as it began to glide over my car as if it were going to almost stop in mid air right above my car. I did not stop and get out of the car.
 I could not make out any details of the craft as it hovered overhead due the brightness of the three solid lights creating an almost a blinding glare, but it seemed to be a dark color, rectangle in shape, and as large as a half of a football field. It also made a slight humming sound that caused my ears to hurt.
 At this time, I remember trying to accelerate in speed because I thought, "I am actually seeing a UFO!" My new SUV seemed sluggish and seemed the engine was about to die. The craft slowly seemed to dim the three lights to a faint glow and glided off to my right with the three lights still faintly noticable and non-blinking and I lost sight of it due to a heavily wooded area obstructing my view. I did not see the craft during the rest of the 30 minute trip home.
 Being a reserve sheriff's deputy, I reported the event to a few co-workers when I got home and they were not surprised, saying there was a past history of strange lights in the region, especially strange lights late at night in the next 2 adjoining counties to the west. I had even heard the county sheriff reporting to dispatch over the police radio several times during my LE career in Illinois that he was seeing lights in our county.
It was a strange experience and to this day, I still don't know what the strange lights/craft could have been other than a UFO.
