{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-24 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104216","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2778,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5457356.json","updb_database_id":5457356}
{tjd} orange fireball looking lights out over the ocean that would appear, increase in brightness then disappear within seconds.

i was on the public beach access ramp on 6th ave S at Surfside Beach when one at a time two bright orange fire ball looking lights appeared in the sky. They appeared out of nowhere and rapidly increased in brightness then as suddenly as they appeared they went out. they were stationary. A helicopter with a searchlight was sweeping the area up and down the coastline over the ocean just before the sighting and the objects appeared just after this helicopter left the area. Commercial planes were also in the area flying into the airport as they regularly do in this airspace. After about 10 minutes a single orange object appeared further to the east and this time moving to the south at a good clip of speed. I saw this two more times at different elevations in about 10 minute intervals for the next 30 minutes. always at differnt elevations and sometimes further north sometimes further south moving in either direction. They would appear, brighten then disappear. After 30 minutes the helicopter came back and I also heard the sound of military jets scrambling at very high altitude because I could only hear and not see them. The activity stopped while the helicopter was present. The last time I saw the object was several minutes after the helicopter left the area again and this time it appeared to be entering the ocean directly to the east over the ocean. During this entire event I kept noticing a white light to my right just offshore in the breakers. I assumed it was just a reflection of the moon on the breakers but upon closer observation I could see it was a pulsating light underneath the waves very near the shore right near two pedestrians looking for shells with a flashlight. After changing all my focus to this light I began to walk down the beach quickly toward the light. When I got within 200 yards of it the light simply cut off like somebody hitting a power switch. The two pedestrians where oblivious to this light and to me it seemed it was possibly observing them. This is the first UFO experience I have ever had.
