{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-14 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3087,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5523356.json","updb_database_id":5523356}
String of lights flashing in sequence disappearing and reappearing

I was travelling south on John Wayne Parkway/ highway 347 towards Maricopa from Chandler. Through the top right corner of my windshield i noticed a string of several lights that would flash one time in a sequence and then disappear, only to flash again in sequence further to the right of where i initially noticed them. The bright lights would light up one after the other in a line of 3 and then disappear in reverse the same way they came on. Like i said, i saw it go through its sequence once, and then again almost as if it was moving in a straight line or as if it vanished and reappeared along a horizontal path, like it was blinking. After seeing it do this 2 times, i called my father on my cell phone to tell him what i was seeing and while talking to him it had moved from the top right of my windshield to the front passneger window, also possibly because i was still driving south. There were other motorists on the freeway going both directions but im unsure whether anyone else saw this. Also of note, the Maricopa police department had 1 patrol car stationed every few miles or so on the far shoulders of the highway way off the actual road with their lights on for a total of 3 to 4 patrol cars between the mountain with the giant "M" on it and just before Highway 10. The reason i am contacting MUFON is because this is the second instance of me seeing this exact craft or lights. The first time was sometime in late August when i was travelling south on Porter near Walmart in Maricopa around 945 pm. I was at the stop light at Porter and Casa Grande highway and the moon was big and beautiful through my windshield, so i was gazing at it in all its lunar glory when i noticed the same lights i described above underneath it about 3 inches by finger measurements. On this time that i saw it there was a string or arc of 5 to 6 lights that followed the same sequence of appearing and disappearing. On this occasion it only "blinked" one time and i was unsure if i had saw anything at all because it happened so fast. After seing it again last night, Oct 14th, that prompted me to contact you to see if anybody else witnessed this because i have tried digging around on the internet and can find no such record and with all the people driving on that freeway, the police, and the amount of airplane and helicopter activity always going on from PHX international airport just to the north, somebody had to see it.
