{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5284356.json","updb_database_id":5284356}
They were mostly red, metallic or made of stone, had a spinning base yet levatated

THIS WAS A DREAM, now I dream every single night, but this was different. So we have our star sol right, this was 4 jumps away then it had a circle around this star. Then like a map thing I seen went 7 jumps away to there home planet, it was like a movie. I heard a narrator say "these will be a powerful ally for when the time comes" and the crevasse of the planet I zoomed in on was all these red, sharp spinning in the center but stationary on the outer side, looked like crystal or rock. And they were building ships that were spikes sort of and I cant draw very good but it looks crazy. The weapons were just spikes that materialized then they had magnetic tips that would propel itself tword the ground. The entity itself had no face just 5ft high and 3ft wide just semi circle and spherical . Some were smaller and some were huge but I was on some type of mountain looking down talking to one. It was like a military parade where they had lots of ships and soldiers not like a city or colony like a war world but about to attack, I'm looking up maps of nearest stars and recognized a pattern I seen it's like GI 406 and GI 411 that red dwarf moon then they come here. But that war planet is 7 jumps away and the 3 brightest stars in allign from the Orion belt was there path, then 4 jumps to the top right from where I was. No idea what or anything but been having cool dreams lately, i slept from 1pm yesterday until 8qm this morning. I have a dream journal where i try to draw things i remember but it looks terrible. But this just felt so real. Lots more details I cant text it would be 5000+ words but this made me want to tell someone somewhere this planet is garbage xlconpaired to the things in my mind
