{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-18 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5456356.json","updb_database_id":5456356}
Large Black Triangle Moving North to South over Huddersfield

I work night shift and often had my 'dinner' outside, weather permitting, so i could star watch. On this occasion i hoped to see a few early sightings from the perseid shower, which i think the main event was due on the Thursday night. My collegue came out, approx 2.30am, to ask if i had seen anything, I had been facing north and had seen a few coming from east to west, he then went back inside. A short whilst later, 10-15mins or so, I decided to turm my attention towards the south. Due to my position in our yard I had to move back a few paces so my view was not blocked by our parked vehicles. Whilst pacing back I could only look straight above....in the next few second I nearly collpased with fright. Has i turned to my left, and looking pretty much straight up the craft appeared over my right shoulder and continued in straight path from N to S. In that few seconds I couldnt shout, I could hardly breath and if i had not been standing close to one of our parked vehicles i would have fallen to my knees, i had to lean against it. I dont scare easily but i was filled with dread. All i could think of when it had passed was 'what if they saw me' and come back, but i couldnt move because i was trembling so much for a good 10mins and i just dare not move. The craft was a Black Triangle. It was crisp and clear and matt black. It stood out against blue/black sky.The problem was it was directly overhead and it was lost from my sight because of my position and our security lights. So i have nothing to campare its size or height in the sky, I can only guess. I am guessing 200 ft front to back and 100ft across. It was a Black Triangle with, I think, the rear two angles slightly cut off.I compare its size to that of a mill roof opposite which i would say is smaller than the craft. At each angle was a brown/orange angled patch, dont laugh but it reminded me of carpet?, but no lights at all any where on the underneath or around its edge, i could not see above so i dont know how much depth it had or indeed if it had a kind of 'cockpit'. It made no sound all, not a buzz or hum, it was silent, but i could feel the change in air as it passed over. I do believe i would NOT have noticed it had i not been looking straight above as it passed over. The following week I was poorly, as if i had man flu, but that could be coincidence. If anybody has any USEFUL info i would love to hear it because i dont have a clue.
