{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-12 17:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5452356.json","updb_database_id":5452356}
A star becomes a unknown object

So this is the first time I am reporting something like this although it isn't my first time seeing something in the sky. So on January 12 2020, I was coming back from dropping my daughter off at her mothers house in Nashua NH, and while crossing over the town of Peterborough toward Dublin on route 101. I was noticing the stars coming out in the sky, one was very bright and I was thinking of looking up which star it was on my phone when I got home. as I passed by one of the lakes on my left, I now noticed a bright Orange star right next to the bright white star i had noticed a few minutes earlier. I thought I must be tired if I had missed it earlier and didnt think much of it. As I was passing by the lake I noticed that through the trees I could still see the orange light but instead of it being high in the sky it was closer to the trees than the sky and I could make out a side structure through the light. I thought to myself this isnt a star!! I quickly pulled over and grabbed my phone and started up my camera. a few cars were coming down the road but I was busy wtching this abject come over the trees. I didnt hear anything but a slight hum as It passed over the trees and the road. now the instant it came over the road there was no longer an orange glow to it, there was just light below and it looked like a swamp boat without the propeller on the back and tubes and a dome in the middle. I took three pictures with my phone and when looking closely at them, there seems to be something there. Im sorry it took me this. looking at the area where it happened, it was around the Peterson State Wildlife Management Area.
