{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-07 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5491356.json","updb_database_id":5491356}
{cak} i was hunting the evening that it happened, i seen a red light that lit up the whole southeastern sky.

I was on vacation and bowhunting deer. It was getting dark pretty quickly and i was thinking about getting down out of my deer stand. Thats when out of the corner of my eye i caught what looked like a huge wild fire ablaze in the southeastern sky. I turned my head to grab my binoculars and when i turned back it was gone?? I thought to myself, what the heck? I got on my cell phone and called my buddy i was with and asked him if he had seen what i seen? He said he did see it. This guy i hunt with is a huge skeptic on everything! I told him i would meet him at the gate and we would head back home from there. While i was walking to my 4 wheeler from my tree stand (approx 1/2 mile) i seen red ball looking lights in the sky again. I stopped and watched them for a second or 2 and they would kinda like giro?? Meaning they would be in a circle maybe 9 or 10 and they would multiply and the circle would get huge. I met up with my buddy and asked him if he seen it again and he said no. I told him what i seen while walking to my 4 wheeler and he laughed at me and said he seen bigfoot sarcasticly! I was kind mad that he didnt believe me. So we both were on 4 wheelers headed across a picked corn field headed home. I was in the lead when the lights appeared again. I stopped my 4 wheeler and my buddy pulled up beside me and he seen them too. Then he didnt know what to think. He tried to say it was a plane. I know better. Like i said he is a huge skeptic. Anyway we both watched the lights for approx 10 minutes and all at once they were gone. Funny thing is while we were both watching these lights they would form huge circles and then one of the red balls would drop straight down then 4 or 5 more would come off of that one. Then they would all come back to each ball the form a huge ball again. They would pulsate then stay solid. It is the strangest thing i ever seen. Finally the just vanished and that was it. While i was watching this i was in total awwe. I was just mystified at what i was seeing. The whole time i was thinking to myself, ( i knew they were real)!
