{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-09 19:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283356","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/356/mufon-5283356.json","updb_database_id":5283356}
I witnessed a fleet of UFOs moving slowly into a stationary formation with multiple aircraft flying by them, There were over 30 objects in the sky.

On July 9, 2021, at around 7:55 pm CST, I made a right off of the Austin exit on the 290 Expressway. I came to a stoplight on Austin and Jackson avenue, which is within Columbus Park. I looked through my sunroof and flying across my vehicle were multiple types of UFO. Shocked, I pulled my vehicle over, and pulled out my phone to capture what I witnessed. I saw some of the objects before they ascended higher and they varied in color. At first I was unsure of what i was looking at. They did not appear disc like. I recall one solid red with yellow lights and oddly shaped. This one can actually be viewed amongst dozens of other objects in a video I've attached. There were many different types of objects. Some were solid black, others were flashing lights, one even seemed to have appendages. The objects were moving very slowly across the sky and became stationary in a formation. I also saw what might be cloaked objects flashing lights in different patterns. There were well over 30 objects in the sky. As they slowed moved across the sky it seems they shifted into a different shape. I saw one airplane fly between these objects. I saw another plane with contrails fly by these objects. I felt very excited, happy, and in awe during the experience. I felt astonished and grateful after the experience was over. This was not my first encounter, but it was the first one I managed to get on camera. I also had never seen so many objects at once. Eventually the objects vanished in the sky
