{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T08:38:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 12080726, "source_ctime_ns": 1788302062101620500, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/the-black-vault-launches-searchable-ufo-files-release-archive/pdfs/38_143685_box7_incident_summaries_101-172.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785551484360000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/the-black-vault-launches-searchable-ufo-files-release-archive/pdfs/38_143685_box7_incident_summaries_101-172.pdf", "source_sha256": "c95a261e780975ff9ff3f926f8ec8e7f84cb6c7f38047042666cce4033b7f0da"}

Authority:

                                             NND 917033


                             OO196P57 P./s
                 dated h-23-hO
        Subject-          -.7'

               AMA7T - wr™
JOURS
                            • Kto 2 eiiGljtO
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.   Date      18 February I9I48                                  Incid ent # lol

   2.       Time      5:01     P.M.

   5.       Location        ^orcatur, “ansas

   U.       Hamo of observer           M, R. ^ehbiel account (taken from newspaper)

   5,       Occupation of observer              Editor

   6,       Address of observor              Norton, Kansas

   7»       Placo of observation             worcatur, Kansas

   8.       Number of objects          ^ne

   9#       Distance of object from observer N/S

 10.        Tino in sight       N/S

11.         Altitude        JO - 35 miles above earth
12.         Spcod     N/S

13.         Diroction cf flight          N/S

111.        Tactics     N/S

15.         Sound One big explosion - "afterwards a lot of little explosions"

16.         Sizo N/S

17.         Color     Bluish-white smoke smudge

18.         Shapo     Mushroom

19.         Odor dotoctod        N/S

20.         Apparent construction             ^teor

21.         Exhaust trails        N^^^Bluish-

22.         Woathor conditions          ^/S

23.         Effect on clouds N/S

2b.         Sketches or photographs Photo of vapor trail left in sky by explosion

25#         Manner of disappearance Disintegration

26_.        Remarks: Oscar Monnig, of the Texas Observers, amateur Astronomy, 1010
             Morningside Drive, Ft. Vorth, offers "tangible proof that the fireball
of February 18 over northern Kansas was just that, inasmuch as meteorites
have been recovered from it.” There were found, beginning April 24, first
several smaller fragments up to one of 4 1/2 pounds. Then a disturbed
spot in a clover field led to the digging up of a piece of sone 109 pounds
embedded about two feet in the soil. The stone is what is termed as an
"achondrite",, a technical name for an unusual type of stony meteorite.
It is reported to be of a type which will deteriorate rapidly.

     A photograph of the trail of the meteor, made by amateur photographer
Duane W. Stray of Norton, shows the vapor trail left in the sky by the
explosion of a meteor which was seen in Oklahoma, New “exico, Colorado,
Kansas, and “ebraska. It was made at Wray’s home, nine miles north of
Norton, just four minutes after the meteor exploded. A smudge of blue­
white smoke remained in the sky for an hour February 18th. This photo-
graph is in file under Incident #101.

    Further remarks are contained in supplement.
       ,                                  EXHIBIT B

           Statement taken from Leland Sammons

           My name is Leland Gammons, and 1 live on a farm 14 miles west of Stockton
           and 1 mile north, off US 24.

           On February IS at about 5 P.M., I was standing near ray hog-pen about 1001
           east of my house, when I heard the pheasants raising a disturbance and the
           chickens all rushed to the chicken—house. I looked around toward the house
           to see what was causing it and saw something hovelling just above the house.
           I ran towardthe house, and it then lowered over the north end of the house
           and settled toward the ground. I was then very near it, approximately 6'
           when it stopped about level with my face, and just wobbled around for an
           instant, fire belching out of it and sucking back in. The thing was about
           4’ long, shaped something like a funnel. There was a pipe sticking out the
           back of it, and once as it wobbled around, the pipe was sticking ri^it at
           my belly. Suddenly there was a lot of sparks showered from it, and the fire
           increased as if a fuse might have lighted, and it took off in a north-westerly
1/ /       direction very fast, gaining altitude as it went. My wife heard it leave and
           ran out where I stood, and we watched it go, leaving a trail of smoke all the
           way. Suddenly there was a great cloud of smoke in the sky, not more than
           40 seconds after it left my yard, and in a few seconds or more, we heard an
           explosion. I then stepped off from my house to where it had been, and it
           was five steps, les, it was hot, I could feel the hear from it. Had I not
           been washing my car prior to the occurrence,' wetting the ground, there would
           have been a bare spot in the yard where the .thing started up because there was
           a great rush of fire from it when it left. It must have been quite high when
           it exploded.


           Kenneth uays, son of Floyd Hays, 14 miles east of Norton on US J6, at the Jet.
           of K-60, south side of highway.- At about 5 to 5’5° p•“., not sure of time,
           was riding his horse in a pasture, when he heard something queer in the sky.
           Looking up to the south-west, he saw what appeared to him to be a rocket,
£          just like he had seen during the war in Europe. It startled him, and he
           jumped off the horse. He then remounted, watched its course, almost on
           a level but losing altitude a little, and it then exploded with a big cloud
           of smoke, apparently over Norton, from where he was, south of Prairie View.
           He rode on toward home a ways, when suddenly the sound and jar of the explosion
           readied him. Mrs. Hays was home in the house, when s he heard and felt something
           like a truck might have struck the house. She ran out of the house and then
           first saw the huge cloud of smoke. About 40 minutes later, a part of the
           smoke cloud dirfted directly over their house, and went on east over
           Phillipsburg.                   _ _ ___________ __
           Halph New, postmaster at Norcatur, stated that at about 4:5° P«M« he was
           standing just inside the front window of the postoffice in Norcatur, when
           he observed a blinding flash as if someone had taken a flashlight picture.
           He could locate no one with a camera, but noticed several men walking to the
           center of the street and looking up. He then walked out to where they were
           and looking up, saw a high cloud of smoke in the sky almost diredtly overhead
(COPY)


                                                 523 W. Tenth St.,
                                                 Pueblo, Colorado
                                                 February 20, 1948

Office of the Chief, of Staff
U. S. Arny
Washington, D. C.

Subject:           Explosion in the sky near Norcatur, “uns,
                   4:00 p.m. (MST) February 18, 1948

Furpose:           To call attention to some peculiarities
                   in connection, whether coincidental cr not

According to an AP bulletin appearing in the Pueblo CHIEFTAIN
for February 18, 1948, some object was seen moving eastward
across the sky on the late afternoon of February 18th, and
when this thing reached a position approximate to Norcatur,
Kansas, exploded, or disrupted, or disappeared. The ex­
plosion is said to have been terrific.

Directions given as to the progress of this appearance in­
dicate that it moved from west to east.

Information contained in the dispatch under a Denver dateline
indicate that while many would call this object a bolide -
e.g., exploding meteor - the astronomers of Chamberlin
Observatory (Denver) did not so assess it: it is said in
the dispatch that these officials could offer no explanation
of it.

If this is the case, the apparance is anomalous, and may lend
itself to other meteoric explanation.

A sketch-diagram of the earth and moon’s orbit reveals a pe­
culiarity in connection with the appearance, which may be
significant.

If a line is stricken at right-angles across the meridional
position of the site of explosion of this meteor at hour
angle four o’clock (local time) and this line be considered
the west-to-east course of the object, then it will be seen
that if this line is continued outward into space toward the
orbit of the moon it will intersect the lunar orbit at a
place near to where the moon would be at from SO to one hundred
hours after the explosion took place.

New moon occurred at 9 D 10 H 2 M February; First Quarter
at 17D 8H M. February — the moon moves approximately
12.5 degrees per day along its orbit.
It is held by rocketry experts (example, WILLY LEY - see
his ROCKETS, p. 192, diagram and note in connection there­
with) that it wopld take about 100 hours for a rocket-craft
to negotiate the distance from Earth to Moon.

Prior to its explosion over Norcatur, this object of Feb.
18th was variously reported as a ”failing plane”, a "jet
plane", and a "ball of fire". It is said by some to have
left a trail of smoke behind it.

It is the suggestion of this writer that the Army collect
and assimilate reports on this object, with a view to
determining where it was seen as an object trailing smoke
and where as a ball of fire.
If this thing is a rocket of some kind headed for the moon,
it might first have been seen as a streak of smoke, then
later as a ball of fire, and lastly as a tremendous ex­
plosion when it at last reached sufficient speed and eleva­
tion for take-off.
The writer has in mind the various and unexplained reports
on "flying saucers", and bases this speculation upon a
long consideration of various oddments of reports whose
significance might be of space-craft from other worlds of
space.
The so-called "meteoric procession" which crossed Toronto
in February 1913, consisted of a number of groups of
illimunated bodies traveling in groups of three and moving
in "rigid formation", all pursuing a course across the
same streak of the earth’s surface. if a line is projected
backward along this line of flight it will be seen that
this line "comes out" at the position of the moon at the
time. The 1913 phenomenon occurred in the mid-period of
a series of reports on dirigible aircraft of appearance
like zeppelins which were seen over England and whose
appearance terminated — or reports on the appearances
stopped - just prior to the inferior conjunction of Venus
of April 24, 1913.
The writer begs to call attention to the fact that th®
times prior to and just after inferior conjunction of Venu®
are prolific in reports of strange things seen in the sky.

Also that lights have been reported on the moon from time
to time, back for at least a century.
If in the future of military experiment the moon is seiected
as a base for the launching of rockets (which     b n
suggested by some writers), it may be well to look first


                               2
*   into reports like this one on the eclosion over Norcatur
    and the direction of the object involved.

    There is a possibility, however remote this may seem, that
    the moon is either inhabited or in use by other than human
    beings.

                                     •‘‘our s ,


                                  /s/ NORMAN GARRETT MARKHAM


    It may do not harm to
    watch the moon for
    possible arrival of
    this thing in the quarter
    at 80 to 100 hours after
    "its departure".
                 NCM


                                        5
^'(COPI)


                                                        March 14, 194g
 FILE REF: - SIGGE-M-1

 From:
                                                Norman G. Markham
                                                MAIN HOTEL, Pueblo, Colo
 To:
                                                Chief Signal Officer
                                                u. S. Army, 'Washington, D.C
 Subject:                                       Norcatur, Kans., sky explosion
                                                of 1g February, 1948
Purpose:                                       To show a speculation regard­
                                               ing the above phenomenon and
                                               another one of earlier date
                                               and to call attention to
                                               occurrences between the two
                                               which have an appearance of
                                               relationship whether coinci­
                                               dental or not.
     The geographical position of the Norcatur explosion suggests possible
linkage with other occurrences happening inside latitudinal limits arbitrarily
demarkable between 45° }6' North (which is the latitude of Boise, Idaho)
and 36 10' North (the latitude of Nashville, Tenn.), a belt about 4g5
miles wide.

     This suggestion is gained from positions given for occurrences
happening between June 24, 1947 and February 1g, 194g, as shall be
hereinafter briefly described*


THE BOISE (Idaho) OBJECT—This was seen either beginning or ending at 330 pm
24 June 1947 and was visible for 20 minutes. It was in the western sky,
was of comet-lifce appearance, and settled gradually toward the horizon as
planetary bodies set. It was seen by Lt. Gov. Whitehead and Chief Justice
Lampert. Its nature was unknown.

The peculiarity which connects this object, for speculative purposes, with
the explosion of some unknown object over Norcatur, Kans., on 18 February
1948 is the seeming of a relationship between the positions of the moon for
 the two phenomena:

In the former case the moon was at the date of phenomenon, about 7%, 65
before the positionof First Quarter; on the second case it was about 8%.73
beyond the position of first quarter.

Since the Boise object was visible for 20 minutes before it sank this
argues it was about ten degrees above the horizon when first seen. Now
if a line be drawn westward and at ten degrees zenithward from the
horizon of Boise at J;JO p.m. and another line be drawn from the position
of the moon at one hundred hours before the sighting of the Boise object,
and projected to the center of the earth, it will be seen that this ten-
degrees-altitude and the moon-earth line intersect as a place far above
a geographical position considerably to the west of Cape Blance, in the
neighborhoodof about 700 miles off the coast.

The Boise object in its appearance suggests a rocket-type of craft possibly
using reaction blasts to brake itself down for a landing on the earth.
The bright point and plumy tail of the description suggest this, as also
its apparent fixity in space.

HOLLE’S "SHIP IN FLAMES" — Nine days after the sighting of the Boise
object a forest lookout named Earl Hoile saw at or soon after 4:00 p.m.,
3rd July, 1947, something he took to be a "tanker in flames". This was
seen horizon-ward from a point in Sonoma County, California, near to ^ort
Ross. A search was instituted by the Navy or Coast Guard, and nothing was
found. The soviet tanker ELBRUZ, which had been in the vicinity, was
 queried and found to be all right. This was not explained.

If this apperance had been on the horizon, there is no telling how far
it may have been from the observer.

CAPE MENDOCINO BLIMP INCIDENT — Not far from the location of Hoile’s
"burning ship" an accident occurred to a navy blimp, Uj July 1947, off Cape
Mendocino.

This blimp suddenly settled into the water, slipped out its crew and rose
again.

The anomaly here is that one would not expect to find drastic down-drafts
of such violence as to thus upset a lighter than air craft. Possibly a
downdraft accounted for the accident - but if the Signal Officer will look
up the incident of the British steamer Talma which, at-the time of the
sighting of a luminous wheel-like phenomenon in the Gulf of Martaban,
reported a slowing of the engines from some unknown cause, it may be seen
that possibly forces are generated in some manner by certain unknown
objects at times in the ocean, which may have physical attraction for
material objects. This blimp accident occurring in.waters where occurred
other phenomena shortly to be mentioned, seems to have a doubtful side
to it.

THE QAKIAND OBJECT — ^arly on the morning of 13th October, 194-7, a
photographer named Ben Dobus togehter with a taxidriver named A. J.
Goldman saw a thing "that looked like Saturn with a ring around it."
^t shot at terrific speed WESTWARD across the sky of the Bay area, and was
seen shortly after midnight.


                                    2
                                                                             /^t


‘This may have been heading in the general direction of what may have been
 the goal of two later objects which roughly resemble it in description.

THE TICONDEROGA OBJECTS — According to the tanker Ticonderoga's
second officer, two "flying discs" were seen heading SOUTHWEST when the
ship was in 45 degrees fifteen minutes north and 124 degrees 54 minutes
west, at 0620 GCT, 12th November 1947*

These may have been heading for the object seen in the Pacific off the
Golden Gate, not long afterward - or possibly at the same time, if earlier
reports on this are consulted.

THE PHANTOM REEF — On November 24, 1947, the Navy denied that it had
found a phantom reef or other obstruction to navigation at a point about
400 miles west of San Francisco. The Navay Survey ship MAURY, sent out
there in response to reports of ships that some hugh object had been
seen in the water in that neighborhood, reported that when in the
approximate 1 titude and longitude of the supposed obstruction they
picked up an echo from something in the water 1600 yards from the
ship; but that when they had steamed to within 400 yards of this, the
echo vanished.

There seems a possible connectability between the various elements so
far considered.

Later on January 7, 1948, there were occurrences in the neighborhood of
Wilmington, 0., Ft. Knox, Ky., Franklin, Ky., and Nashville, Tenn., all of
which must be now familiar to the archivists of the Signal Office.

 Something like a "flying disc" was pursued by one Lt. Mai tell and two
 other pilots, “antel being killed while in the process of attempting to
 gain altitude to get close to whatever it was he was chasing.

Also, in this connection, it may not be amiss to mention the deaths of
two military officers who were said to have been bringing back material
evidence from "flying discs" one of which was said to have met with some kind
of accident over “aury Island, Puget Sound, around June, 1947.

 It will be seen on inspection that the geographical locales of these
 incidents fit inside the belt of latitudes hereinbefore mentioned.

 THE NORCATUR EXPLOSION was described in a previous letter of this
 writer, and it was shown in that letter that a line tangential to the
 meridian of Norcatur, Kans., at hour-angle 2:20 p.m., would if con­
 tinued outward into space to the orbit of the moon, intersect the
 moon's orbit at a point where the moon would have been at about 100
 hours after the time of the explosion.

 According to rocketry theory, it would take a reaction-propelled
 craft of the rocket type about 100 hours to reach the moon.


                                    5
I submit there is a likelihood that on June 2U, 191+7, something like a
space-ship came here from the moon and upon February 18, 1948, returned
to the moon.

This is of course speculation.

But has apyone yet explained the "flying discs" id terms of all the
pretty-well proven facts in connection with them?

Has anyone yet devised a fuel powerful enough to kick a rocket from
Earth to the Moon?

There have been hundreds of reports, during the past century, on
occurrences which imply this world is visited from outside space.
Absence of contact by these postulatable visiting entities may imply a
state of culture far beyond ours, to the point where it would be inex­
pedient for their members to have to do with us en-masse.

These reports have never been seriously considered by science, which
in general ignores them.

However, according to Dr. Rocht of Chamberlin Observatory, Denver, there
is nothing in astronomy to explain the thing which exploded over Norcatur.
Dr. Nininger’s idea that the thing was a meteor flatly disregards Dr. Rocht*s
opinion, which may have been based on the Denver Posts* statement that a
Denver woman saw the Norcatur object twenty minutes before the explosion
occurred.

I submit that the Anny needs men who are capable of recognizing the anomalies
beforementioned when they occur, evenif only to aid in speculation regarding
them.

The undersigned offers his services to that end, if the Army may wish to
avail itself of them.


                                   /s/ N. G. MARKHAM
            Excerpt of letter dated April 11, 19^8 from Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, Director,
            Institute of Meteoritics, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, New
            Mexico, to the Deputy Executive Director, Committee on Geophysical
            Sciences, Research and Development Board:                 •


                 Thank you for the surprising documents sent me under date of March
            JO. As you remark, certain aspects of Markham's letters are fantastic
            (for examples (1) the fireball procession of 1915, February 9, was
            genuinely meteoric, although a rare type of chain fall; (2) no astronomer
    '       could take seriously Markham's "invasion by beings from Venus or the Moon*-
            theory: (j) he appeals to, and biases in his favor, such untrustworthy
            evidence as newspaper stories, e.g., the absurd statement attributed to
            Dr. Rocht of the Chamberlin Observatory). Nevertheless, Markham is justi-
    \       fied in calling attention to certain incidents as unexplained, for example,
            the "flying lenses" (in my opinion 99% hoax and imagination and 1% real).

                 as regards the Norcatur, Kansas incident, I remain convinced that,
            like the Four Corners incident, it was a genuine meteorite fall, although
            one of exceptional size (again like the Four Corners fall). However,
            there are many curious aspects of both these falls, some of an objective
            nature, like the singular fact that in spite of intensive searches (ad­
            mittedly under bad terrain and weather conditions), not a trace of meteoritic
            material has so far been found; some of a non-objective nature, like the
            amazing testimony given b y Mr. Leland Sammons, Mr. Alfred Glenn, and other
            witnesses of the Norcatur incident, both to members of the State “i^iway
            Commission of Kansas and to Institute of Meteoritics field survey parties.
            (See exhibits A, B, and C enclosed.)                      .

                 Some comment on such testimony as appears in a,B, and C would seem
|           desirable:
        '         1. Glenn first reported the battery case as red hot. ‘/hen I pointed
             out that the pacer on .it was not charred, his account was changed to
             "too hot to handle". The Institute of Meteoritics party found only two
             men, not four, who saw the battery case fall. The battery case has been
             examined by Dr. Victor Regener, Department of Physics, University of
             New Mexico, who s tates that it appears to be identical with the small
             batteries used in portable radios.               ,
                  2    K Hays' identification of the Norcatur object as a rocket has
             the following support: On the morning of February 19, I J^lked to the
             towerman and two assistants at the Air Base at McCook Field, Nebraska.
             All three denied the Norcatur object was a fireball and described it as
             a black object with an extremely bright jet of flame pouring out of the
             rear. Furthermore, a Ui-year old, and presumably unbiased, schoolgir
              in Oberlin, Kansas wrote me a similar description of the Fireball.
         J. A determined effort is under way to check up on Sammons’ veracity
    (and sanity I) I have neither seen nor talked to Sammons, but another member
    of the Institute of Meteoritics party (Dr. D. M. Gragg, an Instructor in the
    Department of Mathematics) who did so believes Samnons (who is a well-to-dO
    farmer) to be sincere and very badly scared. Of course nearness to a big
•   meteorite fall would scare one as badly as an atom bomb; but how could it
    produce such testimony as Sammons”.
         The "meteoritic" incidents from the great fall of 1945, November 29
    (from which no meteorites have been recovered either!) through the sequence
    of similar falls culminating in the Four Corners and Norcatur incidents,
    coupled with such t ings as the Ussuri incident, convince me that either
'   the earth is under a most unusual cosmic bombardment or many of the
    fireballs are not meteorites at all. While I still cling to the meteoritic
    hypothesis, it is clear that which ever alternative is tie ri£it one, the
f   situation cries aloud for thorough investigation.
(SOFT)                                                                        |0|j


.                                   EXHIBIT A

                      Roy W. Cox, Director of Hi^ways

                             STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION

                                    OF KANSAS

                         .         Division     5

                                     Norton

NOTES TAKEN AT NORCATUR, KANSAS, Night of Feb 18

Mr. Ralph New, Postmaster at Norcatur, tells us that at approximately li;50 PM
he was standing in the north window of the post office in Norcatur looking
toward the City ^all when he was suddenly illuminated very brightly by some
terrific light.

    He ran outside into the street where others were looking toward the northeast
    at a very large cloud of white smoke high in the sky. He stated that in about
    a minute and a half, there was a terrific explosion followed by a heavy
    rumbling noise like thunder and that the smoke cloud was growing larger all
    the time. Also there was a white smoke trail in the sky from the southwest
    where the missile had come from.

    He said that from the center of the street, the explosion and the first big
    mushroom of smoke was directly overhead and at a tremendous height.

    Another man in Norcatur stated that just prior to the explosion, he had heard
    the motors of an airplane.

    Chief Scott learned from some man in Norton that just following the explosion,
    something fell at his feet on the street and he picked it up, to find that it
    was a small flashlight battery resembling those used in ’fountain pen
    flashlights' and that it was red hot. After a crowd of men gathered and
    examined it, he was unable to findit and thinks that someone took it.

    Kenneth Hays of east of ^orton was about 5 miles south of Prairie View when
    he heard something roaring in the sky to the west of him, far away and very
    higi. He says that it resembled a rocket traveling northeast toward Norton
    direction, and that suddenly there was a terrific explosion followed by a
    mushroom of white smoke andthat there followed other explosions or something
    resembling eclosions. When he saw it, it was nearing the ground or horizon,
    in other words, losing altitude.

    Edgar Young's boy at Reager, was standing beside the Reager elevator and heard
    something high over head, looked up to see a very bright flash of light and
    then a loud explosion followed by a big cloud of smoke.

    The airport at Norton thought about 20,000 feet, time H5?).   Checked but no
    planes missing.
• but slightly east. Suddenly, about 1 and 1/2 minutes after he had seen the
  flash, there was a terrific explosion and jar, shaking the ground and causing
  the windows all around to rattle. Following the explosion, there were several
  loud reverberating rumblings across the heavens. He stated that the explosion
  must have been very high.


  Edgar Young, a boy living at Regar, just east of Norcatur, was outside the
  elevator, when he observed the explosion, looked up and saw the huge cloud
  of smoke. He stated that it was almost overhead but slightly west of him.
  He said that it was a big explosion. The elevator man was out in the
  elevator, when he heard the explosion. He t ought that his oil-burner had
  exploded in the office and ran in to see about it. Finding it O.K., he ran
  outside to see what had exploded, saw the big cloud of smoke high overhead,
  slightly west.


               Eastern Kansas newspaper carried a story about 6 days ago of one just
  like this one, coming from the south to vicinityof Iola, Kansas, where it
  turned west and disappeared into the sky.


              Check with Chief Scott of Norton about a burned flashlight battery
 which fell in the street of Norton just after the explosion. It was too
 hot to be picked up for several minutes. Chief Scott has it.


  Note:   A copy of Exhibit "C” referred to in letter from Dr. LaPaz, was
          not received.
                    *


                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Dato       lg February 1948                  .                            Inc id art # 102

      2.     Timo      1500 MST

      5.     Location     iniTni»r;iiMjuu Air Near Green River, Utah

      4.     Name of observer Lenord P. Marchese (B-29 Pilot, Lt. 28 Bomber Op)
                              Carl iff. Stuck!, Lt., Co-Pilot, (see reverse side
      5.     Occupation of obsorvor Pilot                          for other witnesses)

      6.     Address of obsorvor 77th Bomb Sq, 28th Bomb Gp (VH), Weaver AFB, S.D.

      7.     Placo of observation 59® n - 100° W                   -   near Green River, Utah

      8.     Number of objects           One

      9#     Distance of object from observer                 100 miles

 10.        Timo in sight N/S

11.         Alt itudo 20,000 feet

12.         Speed      Very high

1J.         Direction of flight           Southeast of Limon, Colorado

llj.        Tactics Explosion rate

15.         Sound Could not bedetermined dueto- B-29 engine noise

16.         Size Huge                                     •        —                    -

17.         Color Multi-colored ball of fire

18.         ShapoHuge multi-colored ball offire                   anddense cloud   of smoke

19.         Odor dotoctod N/S                         •       _                    -

20.         Apparent construction N/S

21.         Exhaust trails        Vapor trail with ball of fire at head of trail

22.         Woathor conditiohs       Clear

23.         Effoct on clouds       N/S                                                         .

24.         Skotohos or photographs            None                                                .

25.         Manner of disappearance            N/S

26.         Remarks,      5QESX Over
A huge multi-colored, hall of fire trailing a dense cloud of smoke
was sighted at approx 1500 hours MST 18 Teh U8, 39® B-100® W at
approx 20,000 • by two B-29 aircraft of the 28th Bombardment Group (VH).
It was seen some 100 miles southeast of the B-29s. Size was estimated
as huge altho impossible to determine accurately due to the distance*
It was traveling at very high speed and heading southeast of Limon,
Colorado, at approx 20,000 ft.

       Witnesses:   Capt Howard H. Berodt, AO-U95OU, 718th Bomb Sq
                     28th Bomb Op (VH). Pilot of 1st B-29

                    Capt Maurice T. Ritenour, AD-hSOUj, 718th Bomb Sq
                     28 Bomb Gp (VH). Co-Pilot of 1st B-29.

                    1st Lt Leonard P. Marchese, A0-74871U, 77th Bomb
                      Sq., 28t> Bomb Gp (TH). Pilot of 2nd B-29

                    1st Lt. Carl W. Stuck!, AO-785916, 77th Bomb Sq,
                      28th Bomb Gp (VH). Co-Pilot of 2nd B-29.

        See Incident 101 - Borcatur Kansas.
              CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato 18 February W                                        Incident.#   jqj

  2.   Time 1500 MST

  3.   Location    ttrxajanEpdhDtxxxx Air near Green River Utah

  4.   Hamo of observers Capt. Howard H. Berodt - Capt Maurice T. Ritenour
                                 (See Inc 102 - corporation)
  5.   Occupation of observer Pilots

  6.   Address of obsorvor 718th Bomb Sq, 28th Bomb Gp (VH) Weaver AFB, S.D.

  7.   Place of observation 39° N - 100° W       - Near Green River, Utah

  8.   Number of objects ^ne

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor       100 miles

10.    Timo in sight N/S

11.    Altitudo    20,000 feet

12.    Speod Very high

13.    Diroction of flight Southeast (of Limon, Colorado)

lh.    Tactics    Explosion rate

15.    Sound Could not be determined due to B-29 engine noise

16.    Size Huge (Seen 100 miles west of the B-29's)

17.    Color Multi-colored ball of fire
18.    Shape Hugh milti-colored ball of fire and dense cloud of smoke followed

19.    Odor dotoctod     N/S

20.    Apparent construction         N/S

21.    Exhaust trails Vapor trail with a ball of fire at the head of trail

22.    Woathor conditions Clear

23.    Effoct on clouds        N/S

2U.    Sketches or photographs         None

25.    Manner of disappearance N/S

26.    Remarks:     hoax -      Same as incident 102 which see
                    •RESTRICTfO
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.   Dato    7 Mar US                                                     Incident ^ 104

  2.    Timo       2055 c

  5.    Location      Szyrna, Tenn.

  4,    Name of observer Frank L. Fenn, Maj, USAF, CO, Smyrna AF Base
        Opl Richard C. Pettingill & Pvt Frank C. Johnson,
  5.    Occupation of observer s 00 of Smyrna 4 radio and tower operators
                                   AACS Station
  6.    Address of obsorvor    Smyrna AAF, flyry Smyrna, Tenn

  7,    Placo of observation             Smyrna AAF — 6 miles from        (ground)

  8.    Number of objects 1                                   a

   9.   Distance of object from observer                  6 miles

10,     Timo in sight        U5 minutes

11.     Altitude     About 5° above horizon

12.     Speed       very slow

13.     Direction of flight              WNW    away from Smyrna

14.     Tactics N/S Faded away

15.     Sound      Bone

16.     Size    Unknown

17.     Color    yellow-orange

18.     Shape    Oval .
19.     Odor detected        I/S

20.     Apparent construction                  N/S - seemed to be flare

21.     Exhaust trails        Bone

22.     Woathor conditions           GAVU - 10 miles

23.     Effect on clouds           N/S

21;.    Sketches or photographs                Figs (2)     showing yellow orange flame-like oval

25.     Manner of disappearance             faded into horizon

26.     Remarks:          (over)
A yellow-orange object which had the appearance of a flare was observed some six
miles from Smyrna AAT between the west and northwest just above the horizon
and moving directly away from Smyrna. The speed was estimated as slow since the
object remained visible some forty-five minutes. It gradually faded away
disappearing into the horizon. Ifo exhaust trail was seen and nt/sound was heard.
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Date       8 Mar 48     .                                        Incident # 105

       2,    Time        1100

       3.    Location     Belmont, B. C.

      4.     Hamo of observer        Mr* A. 0. Morrison

      5.     Occupation of observer          Supt. Meter Dept, Duke Power Co., Charlotte, B. C

      6,     Address of observer          Charlotte, B. C. (Dike Power Co.)

      7.     Placo of observation           Belmont, B. C.       (Sighted from ground)

      8.     Number of objects        1                                                  *

      9.     Distance of object from obsorvor              B/S                           .

 10.         Timo in sight         about 10 seconds
 11.         Altitude      B/S — could not be estimated

 12.         Spcod      Around 600 MPH

 13.        Direction of flight            Easterly

 14.        Tactics      Bone - moved in straight line at constant speed without
                                change in altitude or direction
 15.        Sound      Bone

16.         Sizo       Prom a distance - that of a small coin

17.         Color      brightor silver          - looked metallic

18.         Shapo       round or sphere (unable to determine which)

19.         Odor dotoctod          b/s .

20.         Apparent constructionMetallic

21.         Exhaust trails               Bone

22.         Weather conditions Clear with scattered white clouds
23.         Effect on clouds       ®/S

24.         Sketches or photographs          Bone

25.         Manner of disappearance         behind small white cloud
26.         Remarks:     (over)

                                          t W Ma e                      r® h j
                               4MS (^   p   <^ s^


 A round metallic-spearing object moving very rapidly at an estimated
 speed of bOO MPH was observed near Belmont, I. C., at Approx 1100
 the morning of 8 Mar 48. The weather was clear with excellent visibility
 with a few small scattered fleecy white clouds. It could not be
 determined if the object were a disc or sphere. Its apparent size was
 that of a small coin of a bright or silver color. It reflected the sun
 maintaining a steady reflection which did not flicker. The object which
 was under observation for some 10 seconds was on an easterly beading and
 moved in a straight line at a constant speed without apparent change in
 altitude or direction. It was impossible to determine the altitude but
it was moving above the douds. No sound of any kind was heard nor was
 any exhaust trail observed.

NOTE:   Witness (Mr Morrison) is a man of excellent character and reputation,
        a first-grade engineer and euployee of Duke Power Co for some JO
        years.    He inpressed the agent as being conservative and sound
        and is a technical man with a very technical and responsible position.

        Mr. Morrison was careful in his statements. He does not claim
        he saw the "flying disc", merely ski# claiming that they saw
        an object which they could not identify with any natural phenomenon
 ,      or known type of aircraft. It resembled "a round metallic
        appearing object moving very rapidly."

        Witnesses:   Mr. Hendrix, assistant Superintendent, Meter Dept
                       Duke Power Co., Charlotte, N. C.
                     Mr. G. W. Jordan, Gastonia Electric Co.,
                       Gastonia, N. C.
                   CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.     Dato   5 March W                                            IncidontJ 106

   2.     Tino 1610 - 1655

   5.     Location       Bakersfield, California

   II#   Hamo of observer George L. Bucher

   5.    Occupation of observer          N/S

   6,    Address of observer         Bakersfield, California

   7#    Placo of observation From ground* Southwest toward Buena Vista Lake,Calif

   8.    Number of objects         Two

   9.    Distance of object from observer          10 — 12 miles

 10*     Timo in sight       N/S

11.      Altitude N/S

12.      Speod     n/S

15•      Direction of flight        Earthward

14#      Tactics     N/S

15#      Sourd N/S

16.      Sizo N/S                        •

17.      Color Seemingly on fire, black and red smoke trailing behind

18.      Shape Similar to falling aircraft

19.      Odor dotectod N/S

20.      Apparent construction N/S

21.      Exhaust trails      Brownish-white smoke and debris trailing

22.      Woathor conditions        N/S
                                                    -   ’   ^   ' —   ^   -   ®’5S $   p <
25.      Effect on clouds      N/S
                                                                               a   w C   .-7
214.     Skotohes or photographs         None

25.      Manner of disappearance   behind a water tower, which was ari obstruction
                                   to the view
26.      Remarks: Comments of G. L. Buckner and other witnesses to this
         sighting contained in attached supplement#
                                                                                 «/
                                                                           101

                           HEADQUARTERS FOURTH AIR FORCE
                   Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff, A-2
                                  Intelligence
                            Hamilton Field, California

4AFDA-3/1208-I

SUBJECT:   Investigation of Flying Disc.                          Mar 11, 1948


TO:   Chief of Staff
      United States Air Forces
      Washington, 0, C.
      ATTN: DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE
             Air Intelligence Requirements Branch


   1. Incident reported on 9 March 1943, this headquarters, per telephone
call from Sgt A. M. Larsen, Sheriff's office, Bakersfield, California.

       a. Observation by Mr. (George L) Les Buchner, Bakersfield, California,
pf two objects falling to earth from unknown source on 5 March 1948 between
1610 and 1655 hours. Description of objects similar to falling aircraft
with smoke and debris trailing. Observation made at Bakersfield with objects
sighted southwest toward Buena* Vista Lake, California,

       b. Observation by Mr. Denio, employee of the Pacific General Electric
Company, Bakersfield, California, of two objects which fell to earth from
unknown source north of Bakersfield, California, 8 March 1943. One object
seemed to be on fire with red and black smoke trailing behind.

   2. Informant Larsen stated that searching parties, aircraft and rescue
units have made numerous attempts to locate these reported objects without
success.

   3. Investigation of incident has been initiated by this headquarters.
Report will follow.


                                        /s/ Donald L. Springer
                                             DONALD L. SPRINGE;
                                           . Lt. Colonel, USAF
                                             AC of S, A-2

Information to:
   ADC, Mitchel Fid, N.Y.
   FBI, San Francisco
   G-2, Sixth Army
   DIO, San Francisco (12th Nav.Dist)

                      ^ zr> ^r ^- ^ ^^ prT* A P
                      ^ <j/ y^ J ^ ^^ ■* * ^ u o ij a> a ^»
                                          HEADQUARTERS FOURTH AIR FORCE
                                      Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff
                                                 Intelligence
                                           Hamilton Field, California

              4AFDA-J/120S-I

              SUBJECT:   Investigation of Flying Discs
              SUMMARY OF INFORMATION: ’

                   Information from the Sheriff’s Office, Bakersfield, California, revealed
              that numerous calls from residents in Bakersfield concerning peculiar objects
              in the sky over Bakersfield, predicated an investigation by their office and
              contact with A-2 Headquarters Fourth Air Force.

               On IJth March 1948, two informants, Mr. George L. Buchner, and *r.
   /      H. B. Nix, stated that they observed a flying object which appeared to be
      .    consumed in fire, and left a brownish-white plume of smoke, which suddenly
      '   stopped and disappeared. Seconds later, what appeared to be a parachute,
          was seen to be drifting to the east.

                   The object, as described, appeared to be a burning fabric airplane,
              consumed in smoke. Observations were made in Bakersfield of object to
              the south and southwest, approximately ten to twelve miles distance, around
              1600 hours on 5 March 1948.

          /    On IJth March 1948, informant, Mr. H. B. Nix, stated that he observed
          an object at 0830, 8 March 1948, due north of Bakersfield, approximately five
 (/       miles distance. The object was a large, orange-red ball of fire, somewhat
          larger than a small airplane, appeared to remain static for approximately
          thirty seconds, then split and continued to burn3 each visible as a burning
          half. A parachute, with a black object hanging was then observed to fall,
          drift to the east and disappeared into the hills east of Bakersfield.

  ^^           On IJth March 1942, two informants, Mrs. Callie R. ^ason, secretary,
       / Haberfelde Building, Bakersfield, California, and Dr. J. E. Johnson, dentist
         Haberfelde Building, Bakersfield, California, stated that they were in
   \     Room 512, llaberfelde Building, on the morning of 9 March 1942. Mrs. ^ason
         was a patient of Dr. Johnson. Both informants stated that they observed a
     I   flaming object which appeared at first to be a very small airplane. Orange
,        red flames seemed to envelope the object with considerable black smoke
       \ trailing in a zigzag manner for approximately 4,000 to 5,000 feet. The
         object was observed at 1,000 feet, approximately due north of Bakersfield,
         seven to ten miles distant at approxinately 0830 hours.

                   Informants further stated that the object disappeared behind a water
              tower, which was an obstruction to their view, and was near the ground.
              Both informants watched for an explosion, thinking that it would explode
              upon reaching the ground, but nothing unusual was noted.
A-2 COMMENT:

      Although t:ere is no evidnece to substantiate the following, it is
the opinion of this headquarters that this activity could be attributed
to marker flares. Any further developments, or evidence obtained, will be
forwarded this headquarters from the Sheriff's Office, Bakersfield, California.
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.   Dato    8 March 19^8                                            Bic id art # 107

   2.   Time N/S

   3.   Locution   Bakersfield, California
   ,        ;
   U.   ’Tamo of observer Mr. Denio

   5.   Occupation of observer            Pacific General Electric Company employee

   6*   Address of obsorvor N/S

   7.   Placo of observation             Sighted from ground

   8.   Number of objects         Two

   9.   Distance of object from obsorvor             N/S

10.     Timo in sight N/S

11.     Altitude      N/S

12.     Spood    N/S

13.     Direction of flight         Earthward

1U . Tactics       N/S

15.     Sound   N/S

16.     Sizo    N/S

17.     Color Une object seemingly afire, red and black smoke trailing
                       ♦
18.     Shape N/S

19.     Odor dotoctod       N/S

20.     Apparent construction N/S

21.     Exhaust trails      N/S

22.     Woathor conditions              N/S      ( £

23.     Effoct on clouds          N/S          L <

2I4.    Sketches or photographs None

25.     Manner of disappearance K^S Tell to earth

26.     Remarks:       See supplement to Incident #106.
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Dato g liar ch 1948              '                      Incident # 10g

      2.    Time     08 JO

      5.    Location         Bakersfield, California

      4.    Hamo of observor           H. B. Nix

      5.    Occupation of observor               N/S

      6.    Address of observor            N/S

      7.    Placo of observation             Sighted from ground

      8.    Number of objects

      9.    Distance of object from obsorvor             5 miles

 10.        Timo in sight Approx. JO seconds before splitting and burning

 11.        Altitude N/S

12.         Speed     Static for approx JO seconds, and then drifting

1J.         Direction of flight eastward

14.         Tactics N/S

1J.        Sound N/S

16.        Size     Larger than a small airplane

17.        Color    Orange-red ball of fire

18.        Shape    Ball

19 » Odor detected             N/S

20.        Apparent construction           N/S

21.        Exhaust trails        N/S

22.        Weather conditions          N/S

2J . Effect on clouds                N/S

24.        Sketches or photographs               None

25.        Manner of disappearance Drifted to the east into the hills east of
                                   Bakersfield
26.        Remarks: See supplement to incident #106
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.     Dato   9 March 19/48                                        Incident #109

   2.    Tine     OSJO

   5.     Location    Bakersfield, California

   ll.   Hamo of observers        J.E. Johnson and Mrs. Callie R. Mason

   5.    Occupation of obsorvor          J.E. Johnson, Dentist, Mrs. Mason, Secretary

   6.    liddress of observer N/s

   7.    Place of observation 5th Floor of business building

   8.    Number of objects        One

   9.    Distance of object from obsorvor           7 - 10 miles

10.      Timo in sight      N/S

11.      Altitude     1000 feet

12.      Speed N/S

IJ.      Direction of flight            Due north of Bakersfield

ill*     Tactics Zig-zaging

15.      Sourd N/S

16.      Size Appearance of a very small airplane

17.      Color      Orange-red flame

18.      Shape      Appearance of a very small airplane

19.      Odor detected      N/S

20.      Apparent construction           N/S

21.      Exhaust trails Considerable black smoke trailing for l|000 to 5000 feet

22.      Woathor conditions N/S

25.      Effect on clouds N/S

2h.      Sketches or photographs           None                           x

25.      Manner of disappearance          N/S

26.      Remarks:    See supplement to Incident #106
. ,<P°.PY)                 © & O l? © 1 ^ ^ V                          Incident #110


   ^                          HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND        A2B
                                         Andrews Field
                                     Washington 20, D. C.

    SAC 550 (29 Mar 48)                                          29 March W


             SUBJECT:    Report of Unidentified Aerial Sounds.


             TO:        Chief of Staff
                        United States Air Force
                        Washington 25, 0. C.
                        Attentions director of intelligence


                  1.   The following is quoted from a copy of a letter, Baltimore
             Office, FBI, addressed to the Director of Intelligence, Second Army:

                        "On March 25, 1948, an individual, who desired that her
             identity be kept confidential, telephonically communicated with this
             office and indicated that she is the wife of a former member of the
             United States military forces, aid that she is presently active in
             American -Region activities, but was emphatic in stating that she was
             in no way hysterical or unduly apprehensive regarding present world
             conditions. She did, however, wish to bring to the attention of the
             proper authorities that during the past six or eight weeks, on a
             number of occasions between the hours of 5:00 and 5;00 A.M., she has
             heard peculiar sounding noises in the sky, which appear to come from
             airplanes in the distance, but the sound is not the type of airplane
             motor drone which isgenerally heard from American planes. She has
             discussed the matter with her husband, and he believes that the sound
             is more like that of a foreigi type airplane. She recently discussed
             this matter with an unidentified woman who lives in her neighborhood,
             which is Hamilton, Baltimore, “aryland, and this woman stated that she,
             too, had heard the noise in question, and that her husband is also an
             ex-G.I. and he has stated that the motors sounded like that of foreign
             plane s."
                   2. No action is contemplated by this headquarters.

                        FOR THE CCMMANDING GENERAL:


             c/c furnished CG,                         ALAN MARCEAU
             AMO, Attn: MCI.                           CHO, USAF
                                                       Asst «dj Gen
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato 2J ^ch 194g                                      Incident # 110

  2.   Time 0300 - 0500

  3.   Location      Baltimore (Hamilton) Maryland

  U.   Hamo of observer Identity confidential

  5.   Occupation of observer Active in American ^egion activities

  6.   Address of obsorvor N/S

  7.   Placo of observation N/S

  8.   Numbor of objects Undetermined

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor N/S

10.    Timo in sight Not sighted

11.    Altitude N/S

12.    Speed     N/S                           %

13.    Direction of flight N/S

14.    Tactics N/S

15.    Sound Motor drone of foreign type aircraft

16.    Size    N/S

17.    Color N/S

18.    Shape N/S

19.    Odor detected N/S

20.    Apparent construction N/S

21.    Exhaust trails N/S

22.    Weather conditions     N/S

23.    Effect on clouds     N/S

24.    Sketches or photographs        None

25.    Manner of disappearance        W/S

26.    Remarks:      See Supplement
                                                    INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET
                                              (To be filled out and retained in files)

 1.     Date of Observation JL April .194® . . .                                                                            Incident / 111
  2.    Time of Observation                     .0955 1®*................
  3.    Where was Object(s) Sighted *134°. J* .But, ‘13° •52* 9orth............................................


  4.    Observer's Position . .Sighted object from planet Rhilltpine .Islands....................
        (i.e. ground, air, control tower, etc.)

  5.    Name and Address of Observer lai M» Robert X Wars#. 67th Tighter 3%, 18th                                                                                 .
        Tighter JJroup                              ................................................................................................................
  6.    Occupation and/or Hobbies .M? pilot................................................................................


  7.    Attention Attracted to Object (s) By ^ppqfiljLqg tn 1143 of sight during .flight

        Number of Object(s) Sighted J........................................................................................

  9.    Size of Object(s) xIak w* 3Q feet* length 20 feet....................................................

 10.    Color of Object(s) MlXW................................ ....

 11’    Shape (Sketch if Possible) A >£*. RPCA .closely X^Rablfeg a flying Mia® type .
        airdraft, turtle back and an indistinct dorsal fin.
 12.    Nature of Luminosity .......................................................................................................................................

 13.    Estimated Distance of Object from Observer . 3 pilv................................................

 14.    teSA^iuct(s) ^ ^^ d^’PP^r—1/1 5 '“^ .^eating great

 15.    Time in Sight               .-Approximately. 60 seconds................................
^^.     Tactics 9Q? left tWA#. thep loyal flid^t acohlsratii® rapidly................................

 17-    Sound Hade by Object(s) . npn?............................................................

 18.    Direction of Flight of Object(s) .270.............................................................................

 19.    Apparent Construction (Of What Material or Substance) ..........................................................


 20.    Effect of Objects on Clouds and/or Exhaust Trail                                                   . npnp observed. ............................


 21.    Weather Conditions Existing at the TimC^^eyed- pumulojie, base. 3000’♦ tops. . .

 22,    Peculiarities Noted Object, sad# a left. tarn,, leveled, out on a 270°- hoadiz^- .                                                                             .
         accelerated, rapidly and disappeared from, sight,..............................................

 23 •   Summary of Incident  Ph. IM. ^p41* M. O955». IM. It Meyers. ma leading, a. fli^lt
         of U F-4J aircraft of .tip HR W^R tbe 1®^ lighter. Oronp. Ha ma . . .
         . flying a fading of. ISO?.. «X*1W 15P0 feet,.position 1240.3.’ Sal* and. . .
                                    (Attach a Separate Sheet if Additional Space is Needed)
12* 5?* Northt when he sighted an unidentified object approximately three
(3) Biles east of his position and at an estimated altitude of 1000*
heading 3^« fhe object appeared to bo a flying wing aircraft, its
shape resembled a half noon. What appeared to be a dorsal fin was barely
perceptible. The span of the object was estimated to be 30 feet, length
20 foot. The object was silwr in color. Upon sighting ths object, It.
Meyers immediately started a left turn with the intention of intercepting
and to more positively identify the phenomena. While Meyers was making
a 2UO° left turn, the object made a 90° left turn, then leveled out on
a heading of 270* accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight in
approximately 5 seconds. There was no sound heard, and no exhaust trails
were observed. St the time of the sighting visibility was unlimited,
scattered cusulous, base 3^00 feet, tons 6000 feet.
NOTE: Because of the distance from which the sightUg was made, no
distinguishing features, i.e. power units, landing gear, armament or
codepit wore observed.
       The interview with Lt. Meyers indicated that he is a reliable non-
exci table individual who appeared quite positive in his statements. Ho was
the only witness to this incident as he could not contact his wing man 1
since his radio was out. Apparently the maneuvers performed by his three (3)
wing-men prevented their observation of ths object.
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                                              Incident/ 112
  1.   Date       8 Apr U8

  2.   Time    1*400 - lUjO

  J.   Location      Ashley, Ohio

  4.   Name of observer          Miss Winifred. Paines - Mrs. Bertha Slack

  5.   Occupation of observer          Miss Paines: Asst Bank Cashier; Mrs. Slack:
                                        housekeeper
  6.   Address of obsorvor          227 W High St., Ashley, 0.

  7.   Place of observation Ashley, Ohio (ground)

  8.   Number of objects            1

  9.   Distance of object from observer                  "Quite a distance"
10.    Timo in sight       N/S

11.    Altitude               Could not estimate

12.    Speed      slow-moving                        '

13.    Direction of flight          Southwest

lh.    Tactics so maneuvers

15.    Sound      N/S

16.    Sizo    undetermined

17- . Color       silver

18.    Shape    Oblong, long and narrow - like silver streak

19.    Odor dotoctod         N/S

20.    Apparent construction            N/S

21.    Exhaust trails      None

22.    Weather conditions Clear, no clouds near object

23.    Effect on clouds            N/S - no clouds near object

2h.    Sketches or photographs                None
25.    Manner of disappearance N/S

26.    Remarks:         (over)                                                           •


                                                                                       3/
Witness thought she heard plane which appeared, to be flying low and making
an unusual amount of noise. Could not locate the plane but did see an
object oblong in shape and long and narrow which had the appearance of a
silver streak. It was clearly outlined and moving slowly and steadily in a
southwesterly direction parallel to the ground and without charging direction.
Altitude and size were not estimated.

Note:   See Incident fll2a in which the plane was perceived flying low.
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  ,    „                                                                    Incident# 112a
  1.   Data g April 19b8                                                   ---------------

  2.   Time 1400 - HiJO                   '                        •

  5.   location Ashley, °hio

  4.   Namo of observer Mpg. ^elah Stephens

  5.   Occupation of ob^orvor Newspaper reporter

  6,   Address of obsorvor          226 aest High Street, Ashley, Ohio

  7.   Place of observation From the ground

  8.   Number of objects      One

  9.   Distance of object from observer           Not stated

10,    Timo in sight      approximately five minutes

11.    Altitude    Quite high

12,    Spcod   Slow - dirfting

IJ.    Direction of flight        Southwesterly

lb.    Tactics     None                                                .

15.    Sound     None

16.    Size Smaller than the airplane that was in view at the time

17.    Color Opalescent - like mother of pearl

18.    Shape Long cylindrical body, like a stick of firewood

19.    Odor dotoctod       None

20.    Apparent construction N/S

21. _ Exhaust trails       None

22.    Woathor conditions Clear, few clouds in sky but non around object

25.    Effoct on clouds      N/S

21i.   Sketches or photographs         None                J   ‘                       ,

25.    Manner of disappearance         N/S

26.    Remarks: A plane, which sounded as if it were flying low since there
       was an exceptionally loud roaring noise,first attracted the attention
of ^A5 witness. She observed a large airplane, heading south, and about
the same time also observed a strange object in the sky travelling slowly
in a southwesterly direction. Witness first thought it was sky writing,
as it looked like a streak; but later it became clearly outlined, appearing
to be a long cylindrical body like a stick of firewood, "ith the sun shining
on it, it appeared opalescent, like mother of pearl. The object was much
hi^ier, and quite a bit smaller than, the airplane, but drifted slowly along
after the airplane disappeared. It may have been drifting with the wind.
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      -1.    Dato     g April W ’                                             l£2i±2£l> 112b

      2.     Time     1450

      5.     Location Delaware, Ohio

      4.     Hamo of observer        Mrs. James B. Stephenson

      5.     Occupation of observor          Housewife

      6.     Address of observor 93 North Franklin Street, Delaware, Ohio

      7.     Placo of observation       From the ground

      8. -Number of objects One

      9.     Distance of object from observor            N/S

 10.         Timo in sight     N/S

11.          Altitude N/S

12.          Spcod Slow

1$.         Direction of flight        Southwesterly

14.         Tactics    None

15.         Sound     None

16.         Sizo Very large - about the size of a full moon in height but much
                  smaller in width
17.         Color Very white

18.         Shape Cylindrical, with vapor around the top

19.         Odor dotoctod     N/S                                     _____

20.         Apparent construction N/S

21.         Exhaust trails None

22.         Weather conditions       Clear, no clouds around object

23.         Effect on clouds    N/S

2b.         Sketches or photographs         None
                                        *                 w E     H             S     J   '
25.         Manner of disappearance N/S

26.         Remarks: At 1430 Mrs. J. B. Stephenson’s attention was attracted from
            her window by an object of unusual shape in the sky. Upon going outsid<
i^^h^ 3 b?tter ^^ 11 appO-ed very white, with no shadowOt all was cvlindrirai
in shape and seemed to hare vapor around the ton. When first »pon 4+ " i°drical


^^1*6 obie^TLiiS^0’ i^0 weather ^ clear> and no exhaust trails were
          1 3eemed very large, about the size of a full moon in height but
be^^S’Jh^Se^k^t ^ ’“ T”1"8 t0 °“Pare “ ’’“*’■ she °°^ not
airplane.         ’    abatement was made as to whether or not witness heard an
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato    8 April 1948                                          Indent 5 112c

  2.   Time    1430

  3.   Location Delaware, ^io

  4.   Hamo of observer Rev. vames B. Stephenson

  5.   Occupation of obsorvor            Pastor

  6.   Address of obsorvor        95 N. Franklin Street, Delaware, Ohio

  7.   Placo of observation From the ground

  8.   Number of objects      One

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor           N/S

10.    Timo in sight N/S

11.    Altitude n/S

12.    Spcod     Slow

13.    Direction of flight Southwesterly

14.    Tactics     None

15.    Sound     None

16.    Sizo Not Stated

17.    Color     Jhite

18.    Shape Verticle, larger at the bottom and narrow at the top

19.    Odor detected      None

20.    Apparent construction N/S

21.    Exhaust trails None

22.    Weather conditions        Clear

23.    Effect on clouds M/S

24*    Sketches or photographs           None                ,   J      A

25*    Manner of disappearance           N/S                                ‘   ® Ci

26.    Remarks:   witness first thought that object was a plane on fire, as
       it was surrounded by a vaporous substance. A plane was heard, and
it seemed low and made a great deal of noise. After a few seconds' study
object became clearly outlined and looked similar to a vertical cylinder,
large at the bottom and narrow at the top, with streamers or streaks of
vapor attached. xt gave the appearance of a white cloud, but did not behave
as a cloud, ^t retained its shape and maintained a steady movement on a
straight course against the wind. The Delaware airport was alerted for its
appearance, but after a half hour it had not been sighted there.
                  CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                                     Incident # TIPrI
   1.   Dato    g April 19^8

  2,    Time      j^jq

  5.    Location         Delaware, Ohio

  U.    Hamo of observer        Mrs. John Bergen

  5.    Occupation of obsorvor             Housewife

  6.    Address of obsorvor              m North Washington Street

  7.    Placo of observation             From the ground

  8.    Number of objects          One

  9.    Distance of object from obsorvor               N/S

10.     Timo in sight        N/S

11.     Altitude N/S

12.     Speed     N/S                                  '

1J.     Direction of flight         Southwesterly

ill.    Tactics     None

15.     Sound     bcott     Could not be determined
16.     Size    N/S

17.     Color     White

18.     Shape Spherical ’’blob” with streaks above it

19.     Odor dotoctod None

20.     Apparent construction N/S

21.     Exhaust trails None

22.     Woathor conditions Clear

25.     Effect on clouds N/S

2U.     Sketches or photographs             None

25.     Manner of disappearance            N/S
26.     Remarks: Witness heard planes prior to the sighting, but doesn’t
        know whether or not they had any connection with the object.
                          -J   V. t: .» 'Q^   U   g   o w   -< y   w
The object was clearly outlined, but did not look like a balloon.
                                                                       The Perkins
Observatory was alerted but was unable to sight theobject.
               CHECK-LIST - OT!IDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Date 8 April 191)8                                        Incident ^ U2e

  2.   T ime 1U$O

  5.   Location     Delaware, ^hio

  h,   Hamo of observer Nev. John H. Bergen

  5.   Occupation of observer Pastor

  6.   Address of observer 111 North Washington Street

  7.   Placo of observation        From the ground

  8.   Number of objects Une

  9.   Distance of object from observer         Not determined

10,    Timo in sight    Ten minutes

11.    Altitude     Several thousand feet

12.    Spcod Not too fast

15.    Direction of flight Almost due west into the wind

lh.    Tactics None

15.    Sound None

16.    Sizo Not less than 5 feet in width

17.    Color    Very white

IB.    Shape Spherical, with a small protrusion above it, like vapor streaks

19.    Odor detected None

20.    Apparent construction       N/S

21.    Exhaust trails     None

22.    Woathor conditions      Clear

23.    Effect on clouds      N/S
                                              -■ i>              ti * V ’ ' is i
2U.    Sketches or photographs         None

25.    Manner of disappearance Disappeared from view behind the trees

26.    Remarks: This object appeared like a concentrated bit of cloud
       except it was clearly outlined. The size could not be determined,
since witness could not tell whether it was a s mall object near him or a large
object far away. It traveled in a straight line and did not maneuver. It was
not stated that the sound of a plane was heard.


                                                                                  i
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Dato 8 April 19^8            '     •    .                 Incident -# 112f

      2.    Time       UjJO

      5.    Location      Delaware, Ohio            .

      U.    Hamo of observer          Mrs. H. S. Kirkpatrick

      5.    Occupation of obsorvor housewife

      6.    Address of obsorvor         107 North Washington Street

      7.    Placo of observation        From the ground

      8.    Number of objects One

      9.    Distance of object from obsorvor            N/S

 10.        Timo in sight N/S

 11.        Altitude n/S

 12.        Speed Steady - nottoo            fast

 IJ.        Direction of flightSouthwesterly

lh.         Tactics     None

15.         Sound None

16.         Size It was not large enough for a person to be inside

17.         Color     White - about the color of a fleecy cloud

18.         Shape   Spherical - womewhat larger at top with a protruding end underneat

19.         Odor detected      None

20.        Apparent construction        N/S

21.        Exhaust trails None

22.        Weather conditions     Clear, blue sky, sunny

2J.        Effect on clouds N/S

2h.        Sketches or photographs           None              ,                         \

25.        Manner of disappearance           N/S

26.        Remarks: Witness heard, but did not see airplane, and saw instead
           a white object, spherical in shape, larger at the top with a protruding
end underneath. It was clearly outlined and maintained the same shape as it moved
along, steadily, and at the same altitude. Robert Cochran, son of the witness,
who is in the Merchant Marine, thought the object very unusual. He said it was in
the shape of a rainspout.
                             aviuBiUm^ 8 mu
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato    9 April 191*8                                            Inch^rtJ nj

  2#   Time    1510 .      /' -'

  5.   Locetion Montgomery, Alabama

  Lu   Hamo of observer Robert B. Hughes, ^t. Colonel, USAF

  5#   Occupation of ob^orvdr            Pilot

  6.   Address of observer Tactics Div., Air Tactical School, lyndall AF Base

  7»   Placo of observation From the air

  8.   Number of objects           One

  9»   Distance of object from observer N/S

10#    Timo in sight        Five seconds

11.    Altitude         Approximately 16000 feet

12.    Speod       In excess of the viewer’s J10 mph air speed

1J . Diroction of flight Northwest

llu    Tactics     N/S

15 * Sound        None

16.    Size       Top part eightfeet diameter

17.    Color      Silver

18.    Shape  Had theappearance of               a parachute carrying a large canister or
               ball
19.    Odor dotoctod N/S

20.    Apparent construction             N/S                              •       I A^
21.    Exhaust trails         None

22.    Woathor conditions            Clear, visibility and ceiling unlimited

25.    Effoct on clouds N/S

2lu    Skotches or photographs             - Sketch    (trip)

25.    Manner of disappearance             N/S
26.    Romarks £Lt.Col-Robert B. Hughes first sighted the object before com-
       pie ting an 180° left turn over the town of Montgomery, Alabama.
         ^nM CimiTMT!/M                                _               <        -Ur
             V      y ^ (I i J UN         8   h iU •                        \
 The object, sifted at ten o'clock off his left wing, appeared to be a
 silver disc. He immediately completed a sharp bank to the left and was
 able to get a better look at the object, and described it as follows:

      "Top part of the object approximately ei^it feet in diameter, silver
in color, had the appearance of a parachute. Attached to the bottom of this
 .ad been a dark cable or shroud which appeared to be approximately five feet
long. Suspended upon the cable had been a large canister or ball (Colonel
Hughes could not discern which) also silver in color.     This canister or
ball had the appearance of being slightly to the rear of the top part of the
object. The overall appearance of theobject, looked something similar to
the parachute and canister containing photographic testing equipment dropped
from a V-2 rocket."

      At the tine he lost sight of the object, nughes' aircraft had been
indicating J10 miles per hour air speed, and the object had appeared to fly


                                                                           38 a—
                   CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Dato     18 Apr MS                                           incident #   UM

  2.        Time   1JO6 hour*

  5.        Location   Approx 1 mile north, of Fairbanks, Alaska

  4,        Hamo of observor       It Aytch Johnson

  5.        Occupation of obsorvor        l*t Lt(discharged. f/USAF as per authority
                                                 Para 1, 30. 60 dated. 28 May 48) (see)
  6.       Address of obsorvor       Ft Worth* Texas

  7.        Placo of observation        Over city of Fairbanks, Alaska

  8.       Numbor of objects          1

  9»        Distance of object from obsorvor         I/S

 10,       Tino in sight        few minutes

11.        Altitude       2000-3000 ft

12,        Spcod     25O-300 mile*        (traveled 500 feet in 1 or 2 seconds)

13.        Diroction of flight       Northeast toward southwest

14.        Tactics     Oscillated from horizontal plane to vertical plane at very
                       rapid speed)
15.        Sound       No sound

16.        Sizo      8" in diameter

17.        Color     silvery

18.        Shapo                                           round and flat•

19 • Odor dotoctod V

20 •        Apparent construction          N/S

21.        Exhaust trails      no trails of any kind

22.        Woathor conditions      Weather clear and visibility unrestricted
23.        Effoct on clouds       N/S

2h.        Skotchos or photographs          none

25.        Manner of disappoaranco         N/S
                    r^^rr^r^M^OA^
                   OEr Ok^1E*^
Object observed at altitude of about 2000-J000 on NE-SW heading.
 It appeared to be some 8 inches in diameter and gave off a silver?
 hriHi^ltrfflectJo“* 14 oscillated from a horizontal plane to a
 vertical plane at a very rapid pace. Estimated speed: about 250-300
MPH -(traveled some 500 feet in 1 or 2 seconds > No sound could
heard nor were there any trails of any kind.
NOTE:   ^J1-* s^tl^ W have been the reflection of sun from wings
        of these aircraft. At the approximate time of the sighting a
        number of aircraft were flying in the local area.
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
  1.   Date       19 Apr ^                                             Incident# UJ

  2.   Time       1615

  3.   Location      Over Greenville AT Base, Greenville, S. C.

  h.   Hamo of observer a   1st Lt Trends W. Hennin, Jr.
                           & let Lt Robert G. Loomis, USAF
  5.   Occupation of observer Both attached to Liaison sq. Greenville

  6*   Address of obsorvor s        Greenville AT Base, Greenville,S. C.

  7,   Placo of observation         Greenville AF Base
  8.   Number of objects        B    J - 1 at first , X later

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor           15,000 to 20,000 ft overhead

10,    Timo in sight 2 minutes

11,    Altitude     15,000 to 2Q000 ft

12.    Spcod                 Stationary, then rapidly accelerating and
                  Undetermined.
                              climbing
1J•    Diroction of flight North

lh.    Tactics   Hovering then acceleration and climbing
                  Observed trail formation
15.    Sound   none audible (?) - states: Witnesses were attracted by sound
                                           of fighter aircraft in vicinity.
16.    Sizo  undetermined                 (no mention made of these)

17.    Color       white

18.    Shapo     elliptical

19.    Odor detected 1 N/S

20.    Apparent construction             N/S
                                                                   ■
21.    Exhaust trails No exhaust or condensation trail

22.    Woathor conditions       CAVU

23.    Effoct on clouds       N/S

2u.    Skotchcs or photographs       2

25.    Manner of disappearance           in distance

26.    Remarks:      (over)
’IT
               <■- ^ *, n? r\ ^ MTI A i

      Witnesses were attracted by sound, of fighter aircraft in vicinity.
      They started searching the sky for the aircraft and sighted the
      objects. When first sighted, the witnesses thought th0bbjects might
      be weather balloons. However, when they accelerated so rapidly in
      a northerly heading, they determined the objects could not be balloons.
      They were in a trail formation on a North-South line* and moved so
      rapidly they wereout of sight within a few seconds. From original
      sighting in the stationary position to their disappearance, a period
      of approximately two (2) minutes elapsed, on-which the objects were
      in a stationary position for approximately one (l)minute.

      NOTE:   Wind at 20,000 ft from jMO® at 10 knots per hour (12J0 EST Rpt)
              Wind at 20,000 ft 32° at 13 knots per hour st (18}0 EST Rpt)


      NOTE:   Nearest weather station releasing balloons is Spartanburg, S. C.
              One black balloon was released at 1230 EST.
*
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1,    Date      11 Mar 48                                                  Incident ^ 116

  2.        Time night
               A
  5.        Location Near shores of Jernes Bay,

  U.        Namo of observer            V. J. Pratt

  5.       Occupation of observer               Employe of Hudson Bay Co.

  6.       Address of observer            Moose Factory

  7.       Placo of observation               Moose Factory, Canaca

  8.       Number of objects              1
  9.       Distance of object from observer                N/S

10.        Timo in sight          N/S

11.        Altitude        N/S

12.        Spcod      meteoric

13.        Direction of flight            earthward
lh.        Tactics         N/s

15.        Sound       No noise

16.        Size si28 °^ fHikxsssBK football

17.        Color     ^       Blue       flame

18.        Shape     N/S

19.        Odor dotectod         N/S

20.        Apparent construction meteor

21.        Exhaust trails TSSgS xtigkA N/S

22.        Weather conditions Night

23.        Effect on clouds • N/S                                                 .

2lu        Skotches or photographs None

25.        Manner of disappearance              exploded

26.        Remarks:        (over)

                                         •• /                    : £ ^ «$® as®
A big ball of blue flame, seemingly the size of a football streaked, out
of the sky and. exploded near this Northern Ontario community (Moose Factory)
near the shores of James Bay. The explosion lit up the entire area brighter
than daylight, the whole ball disappeared and a second later a streak of
orange light shot upward from where the ball was last seen. The orange streak
was gone within a second. Witnesses heard no noise of any kind.

NOTE:   Bifc ties up with earlier reports from Cochran, 150 miles south of
        Moose Jaw where several citizens reported seeing what they thought
        to be a meteor around 11. ho p. M. EST Thurs.

        One witness ( a Mrs. Charles Giles) said that the object plunged
        downward like a spent rocket in the northern sky. She described it
        as about the size of a full moon which gave the appearance of
        disintegration as it fell.
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
  1.   Dato    7 May US                                           Incident/ M 11?

  2.   Timo    1500 to 1700

  5.   Location     Memphis, Tenn.

  h.   Hamo of observer         Miss Jean Bray, Housekeeper et a±± al (see other side)

  5.   Occupation of observer         Housekeeper

  6.   Address of observer        253 W. Waldorf Ave., Memphis, Tenn.

  7.   Placo of observation          Memphis,Tann.

  8.   Number of objects         5® or 60

  9.   Distanco of object from obsorvor         N/S

10.    Timo in sight      N/S

11.    Altitude      extremely high             t
12.    Spcod     faster than any aircraft witnesses had ever seen

13.    Direction of flight        easterly

lh.    Tactics    Most traveled in straight line altho some of them
                  zig-zagged.
15.    Sound      5one

16.    Size      Very small

17.    Color     shiny - like bright aluminum

18.    Shape       unknown - possibly like meteor

19.    Odor dotoctod      N/S

20.    Apparent construction        ■/S

21.     Exhaust trails   Sone objects teemed to have a silvery tail
           which might have been exhaust
22.     Weather conditions CAVU, wind: 33O to 3^°, 15 MF® at surface increasing
       to 66 MPH at 20*000; Surface temp: 7 2°; dew point U30 relative humidity Moji
23.     Effect on clouds ®/S

2h.    Sketches or photographs       None
25.    Manner of disappearance       N/S
                                                                                 •       I
26.    Remarks:            (over)
Fifty t</6u shiny objects were seen moving at a speed, faster than any
known aircraft on an Easterly heading at an extremely high altitude.
For the most part these objects traveled in a straight line altho
some of them zig-zagged slightly. No sound was heard. Some objects
seemed, to have a silvery tail which might have been exhaust. These
objects could not have been weather balloons as only one balloon was
released by the Me tiphis Weather Bureau that day.

NOTE:    Witnesses thought they had. seen a meteor; however subsequent
         investigation seemed to preclude this possibility.
         See Supp II to Trip Report to Memphis - Visit with Dr. Paul
         Herget of the Observatory of Cincinnati, Ohio, in which Dr.
         Herget expressed serious doubt that the 50 or more objects
  .      observed 7 May ^ in Men^hie were meteors. He, was, however
         unable to offer any explanation as to a possible identification
  ,     of the objects.
        Dr. Hynak of OSU and Dr. Lincoln LaP^z are to be consulted
        about the possibility of ihmix these being a meteor shower.


Witness of this incident were:   Mr. F. J. Kaiser, salesman
                                 251 W. Waldorf Ave., Memphis

                                 Mrs F. J. Kaiser, housewife
                                 251 W. Waldorf Ave., Mem chi s, Tenn.
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.     Date     28 Mar 48                                           Incident | Hg

       2.     Time    16^0 hours

       5.     Location      Berlin Lichtenrade, Kirchbachstrasse 2

       4.     Hamo of observer           Dr Ormans,

       5.    Occupation of observer Former guided, missile expert at Exeinmetall Borsi

       6.    Address of observer           Berlin Lichtenrade, Kirchbachstrasse 2

       7#    Placo of observation             As above

       8.    Number of objects            1

       9*    Distance of object from observer              N/S
  10#        Tino in sight        N/S

 11.        Altitude        1U kilometers

 12.        Spood     rather fast

 15.         Direction of flight              South to North

 lb.        Tactics        N/S

 15.        Sound      No sound reported

 16.        Size     "white point"

17.         Color    W^te
18.         Shape    N/S

19.         Odor dotoctod        ^/S

20.     Apparent construction             H/S

21.     Exhaust trails            No exaust trail reported

22.     Woathor conditions               clear

25.     Effect on clouds           N/S

2h.     Sketches or photographs                None

25.     Manner of disappearance               N/S

26#     Remarks:        (over)
’>/

      Dr Ormans, former Guided Missile expert at Exeinmetall, Borsig mentioned
      that he sighted 1 white point moving from South to North at an approx
      height of 1U kilometers, speed undetermined, rather fast, no rpt of
      sound, and no report of exhaust trail.


      WITNESSES!   Dr and Mrs. Ormans.
                   No photographs available.
                                                                             Incident # 119

                                 Check list - Unidentified Flying Objects
     1.   Date         20 Feb U8

     2.   Time         0700 hours
     3.   Location Asuncion, Paraguay

     U.   Name of observer           Mrs      Agustina Vargas de Paula

     5.   Occupation of observer              N/S

     6    Address of observer              resident of Asuncion (southern part of city)

          Place of observation            Asuncion

,    8.   Number of objects             1 •

     9.   Distance of object from observer                   N/S         X


    10.   Time in sight           N/S

    11.   Altitude         N/S

    12.   Speed     N/S

    13.   Direction of flight              west to east

    1U.   Tactics      N/S

    15.   Sound     N/ S

    16.   Size       N/S

    17.   Color     N/S

    18.   Shape oval

    19.' Odor detected             N/S

    20.   Apparent construction               N/S

    21.   Exhaust trails           highly colored wake

    22.   Weather conditions             N/S

    23.   Effect on clouds           N/S
    2U.   • Sketches or photographs             None

    25.   Manner of disappearance               N/S


                                                    (over)
                       ESTR :
At approximately O7OO hours 20 Feb U8 witness saw object of oval shape
traveling thru space from west to east. Its form ended in a very thin
tail of approximately J feet in length. The forward part was bulky com­
pared with the rear. The interior portion of 'the object gave off green,
yellow and orange colors and it had a highly colored wake.      »

Statesments were obtained from a local newspaper "La Tribuna" which has
interviewed several people claiming to have seen the saucers.
                                        CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS '
  1.   Date      20 Feb bS                                                    Incident       119a

  2.   Time      0700

 3*    Location         Aregua   -       10 miles east of Asuncion
 U.    Name of observer          "withheld”

 5.    Occupation of observer                  employee of Bank of Paraguay

 6.    Address of observer               Bank of Paraguay

 7.    Place of observation                   in Aregua

 S.    Number of objects            1

  \    Distance of object from observer                   N/S

10.    Time in sight          N/S

11.    Altitude         N/S

12.    Speed       N/S

13.    Direction of flight               west to east

1U . Tactics        N/S

15.    Sound        N/S

16.    Size        N/S

17.    Color       N/S                                                                   .

18.    Shape       oval

19.    Odor detected          N/S

20.    Apparent construction N/S

21 _   Exhaust trails         N/S

22.    Weather conditions               N/S

23.    Effect on clouds          N/S

2b.    Sketches or photographs None

25.    Manner of disappearance N/S

26.    Remarks          (over)
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
  1.    Dato     20 Feb US                                              Incident# 119b

  2.   Timo      0700

  5.   Location         Villa Hayes (10 miles NNE of Asuncion)

  4.   Hamo of observer            Rancher and laborers

  5.   Occupation of obsorvor             Rancher

  6.   Address of obsorvor              in/he "Chaco"

  7.   Placo of observation             Ranch house in neighborhood of Villa Hayes

  8.   Number of objects           1

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor                 N/S

10,    Timo in sight         N/S

11.    Altitude        1,000 ft

12.    Speed      less than that of a plane

IJ.    Direction of flight          west to east
14.    Tactics    N/S

15.    Sound     N/S

16.    Size      N/S

17.    Color      N/S

18.    Shape      disc

19.    Odor dotoctod        N/S

20.    Apparent construction             N/S

21.    Exhaust trails        N/S - gave off an intense green color

22.    Woathor conditions N/S

23.    Effect on clouds           N/S

24,    Sketches or photographs None

25.    Manner of disappearance            N/S

26.    Remarks:         (^ver)                                       •< 1   '• .   '
Perceived a disc giving off an intense green color. Witness reports
that the object traveled from west to east at a speed less than that of
a plane and at an altitude of approx 1000 ft. Along its edges it gave off
an aureola with the color green predominant.
                            F t                   • •s mvl ED
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Date       N/S - aro nd. 7 Feb 48                                   Incident #   120

      2.     Time       N/S

      5.     Location         Vejle, Denmark

      4*     Hamo of observer          N/S

      5.     Occupation of observer               field, laborers
      6.     Address of observor            N/S

      7.     Placo Of observation            Gadbjerg (near Vejle)
      8.     Number of objects          1

      9.     Distanco of object from observor              200 meters altitude
 10.         Timo in sight           N^S 3 seconds

 11.         Altitude        200 meters altitude

12.         Speed                                  high speed»

13.          Direction of flight         BE to NW
ih.         Tactics     N/S

15.         Sound     N/S

16.         Size      N/S

17.         Color     shining

18.         Shape      N/S

19.         Odor detected      N/S

20.         Apparent construction N/S

21.         Exhaust trails N/S

22.         Woathor conditions         N/S

23.         Effect on clouds N/S

24.         Sketches or photographs           None

25.         Manner of disappearance N/S

26.         Remarks:          (Over)
Three mb writing In a field la tedbjerg (ne r Tejle) Denmark* hare
o* ervod a *h n ng object ^dch sored at - l<h speed orr the aky firm
southeast to northwest at about 200 ne tore altitude. Xt remained risible
for three i»ecoi>da.
MA CCMX MT:   Mo verification received of the above.   Mvaluatlaa P-6
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Dato    9 January 194$                    '                  Inc id or,t | 121

      2*    Time    2JJ0

      3.    Location       Cartersville, Georgia, 54° 10’ N, 84° 49’ W

      4.    Hamo of observer Hugh DuBose

      5.    Occupation of ob^orvor              Pilot (EAL)

  6,        Address of obsorvor          N/S

      7.    Placo of observation               Air

  8>        Number of objects            One

      9.    Distance of object from observer N/S

 10 ♦        Timo in sight         N/S

11.        Altitude        JOOO feat

12.         Speed    400 mph

1>.         Direction of flight           1750 M

14.        Tactics          None

15-        Soujrd           N/S

16.        Size             N/S                                                       k

17*        Color             Light, sky-blue

18.        Shupo        Circular, except for the top quarter wliich was flat, pot­
                        shaped
19.        Odor dotoctod N/S

20.        Apparent construction N/S

21.        Exhaust trails Hone

22.        Woathor conditions N/S

23.        Effect on clouds 11/^

24.        Sketches or photographs             None

25#        Hanner of disappoarance             10°

26.        Romarks:   When object crossed the path of the witness all that could
           be observed was an intense blue flame, in a shape circular except for
                                          fF° AMT * A 1

                  x^ ^y w \J U     6 L^         i s         v t>
the top quarter which was flat, pot-shaped. Hie witness states that the
object definitely did not have the curved trajectory of a wingless missile.
Shartly after crossing his path, the blue flame sputtered and turned
immediately earthward. The flame then died altogether but nothing was
seen hitting the ground. Witness states that the flame was not cf the
long trailing type, but rather gave the impression that you were looking
down a long exhaust stack at a short but concentrated mass of blue flame
and further stated that his connections with RAF pilots in iihgland during
the war leads him now to believe this object looked the same as the
 "Buzz Bombs" chased by t ose RAF pilots at night. Arthur Porter, purser
on this flight 9 January 1|8, also saw the object, the flame only, but
 can give no further evidence for its identification.

     Mr. DuBose stated on April 29 that seventy-five cattle had died of an
unknown disease on the farm of a ‘Ar. Gordy at Newnan, Georgia, and expressed
concern over a possible connection between the unidentified object he
reported and this unusual fatality among healthy cattle. However, the
Atlanta Office of the Animal Industry Division, U.S. Department of Agri­
culture, advises that this "unknown" disease has persisted for over a
year and other cases repeated elsewhere in the country for some time back.
There apparently remains no basis for connection between the object ^r.
DuBose reports and the death of seventy-five cattle at Newnan, Georgia.
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                                   Incident # 122
 1.    Date    5 April 1924g

 2.    Time    N/S

 J.    Location Holloman Air Force Base

 h.    Name of observer        Mr. Olsen

 5.    Occupation of observer        Trained balloon observer. Geophysics Lab Section

 6,    Address of observer N/S

  7.   Placo of observation         From the ground

  8.   Number of objects 0pe

  9.   Distanco of object from observer         N/S

10.    Timo in sight 50 seconds

11.    Altitude Very high

12.    Speed Faster than any known aircraft

IJ.    Diroction of flight        N/S
U.     Tactics Eratic - completing a large loop after its downward descent,
               then soaring upward and disappearing suddenly
15.    Sound   None

16.    Sizo      Large                           ■

17.    Color     Grey-white

18.    Shapo    Rounded, indistinct form

19.    Odor dotectod      N/S

20.    Apparent construction         N/S

21.    Exhaust trails N/S

22.    Weather conditions C.A.V.U.

23.     Effect on clouds N/S                               ?

2U.     Sketches or photographs         None                                        '

25.     Manner of disappearance         Disappeared suddenly
26.     Remarks: This was evidently the one object, of two sighted by
        another witness, that veered to the right and down. Its vaguely
defined form gave the appearance of a large object at a great distance,
fhe statements of other witnesses to this incident are contained in
reports 112a and 112b.

All witaesses agreed that the object was very high, moved faster than
          aircraft, possessed a rounded, indistinct form, and disappeared
sudden!y rather than fading away in the distance. It was under observation
1/2 minutes ar slightly less. xt was definitely not a balloon, and
apparently not manned, judging from the violent maneuvers which were
performed at a high rate of speed.
                                           ^Wo a w# a
                        CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

         1.     Dato         11 April i^                               '           Incident/   123

        2.     Timo          2J30    '

        3.     Location        4 miles norths Alton, Illinois

        4.     Hamo of obsorvor            Col W. F. Siegmund

        5.     Occupation of obsorvor Former Commandant of the Air B^a 0+ v                          TT
               Address of oTsoXV^S^^                                                                 *M
        6.

        7.     Placo of observation              4 miles north of Alton, Ill - ground
        8.     Numbor of objects           1

       9.      Distance of pbjoct from observer              N/S

   10.        Timo in sight          N/S

  11.         Altitude         N/S
  12.         Speed      N/S

 13.         Direction of flight          Jj/S

 111.        Tactics         "flapped its wings"

 15. ’ Sound            H/S

 16.         Sizo      "bigger than an airplane"

 17.         Color     N/S

 18.         Shape      Beetled a huge fowl and not a type of aircraft
19.          Odor detected          N/S

20.          Apparent construction               N/S               •

21.          Exhaust trails         N/S

             Weather conditions          N/S

2J.          Effoct on clouds        N/S
                                                            < / " <.       * ■ 3
21j.         Sketches or photographs             None

25.          Manner of disappearance             N/S
26.


                                           (over)
                                               1 .^ ^


Siegmund said he didn’t see any flapping of wings but he was sure it
                and “0* a }.VPe of aircraft. He was riding with a companion,
Col. Ralph Jackson, Head of Western Military Academy, at the time. Jackson,
however, was talking to a farmer and didn't see it. Siegmund said he didn't
mention it to him as it seemed too incredible.

Note:   A child; James Trares, age 12, said he saw the bird'flying over his
        nonse in suburban flendale, Mo., some 3 months previous.

        J^eBeiyidere report quoted- a Robert Price and Veryl Babb as saying
        the .bird was bigger than an airplane" and flapped its wings. ‘ "

RELIABILITY:   Impossible to evaluate.
               Col Siegmund was never questioned but some sort of investigation
               obviously should be made in lieu of the fact that he was once
               commandant of the Air Base at Kearns.
                  CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

     1.   Dato    18 April 19^8                                      Incidontff         ^

  2.      Time    1500 GOT

  5.      Location      North Atlantic, 62°00’N   33°00’W

  t.      Hamo of observor      N/S

  5.      Occupation of observer       Weather station patrol

  6.      Address of obsorvor       First Coast Guard District

  7.      Placo of observation         Air

  8.      Number of objects      9ne

     9.   Distanco of objoct from observor        65OO yards - 18000 yards
10.       Timo in sight N/S

11.       Altitude      N/S

12.       Speod      JO mph

15.       Direction of flight       N/S

It.       Tactics    N/S

15.       Sound N/S

16.       Sizo    N/S

17.       Color     n/S

18.       Shape     N/S

19.       Odor dotoctod N/s

20.       Apparent construction n/S

21.       Exhaust trails      n/S

22.       Woathor conditions        C.A.V.U.                                 A ^^ ® J

23.       Effect on clouds N/S
                                                    ^ wy»
                                                                 1           ^    0     ^

2t.       Sketches or photographs None

25.       Manner of disappoaranco Target strength was SJ fading at 18,000 yards

26        Romarks: This incident is the result of a radar sighting.              Copy
          is also filed in radar sighting file.

                                                                             _T5
This target was contacted on the air search radar at 1500 GCT on 18 Anri! hx
 he first contact was made at 6J00 yards and was tracked to 18.000 yards
giving a velocity of approximately JO m.p.h. The area in which the
target was contacted was thoroughly search visually and there were no
clo^s n°r weather ^onts in said area. There were no target indications
on the surface radar. The target strength was S5 fading at 18,000 yards


                                                                       <v
                                                                  1^
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Date 2 May 1948                                         Incident # 125

      2.     Time      Night

      3.     Location        St. ^ouis, Missouri, 40°00,N 9O°15’W

      4.     Hamo of observor             N/S

      5.     Occupation of observor               N/S

      6.     Address of observor N/S

      7.     Placo of observation               Ground                       *

      8.     Number of objects              One                              •
      9.     Distance of object from obsorvor            N/S

 10.         Timo in sight N/S

 11.        Altitude          N/S

 12.         Speed     M/S

 1J.         Direction of flight N/S

14.         Tactics N/S

15.         Sound      N/S

16.         Size     N/S

17.         Color Phosphorescent after dark

18.         Shape      Bird

19.         Odor dotoctod N/S

20.         Apparent construction N/S

21.         Exhaust trails          N/S

22.         Woathor conditions N/S

23.         Effect on clouds N/S

24.         Sketches or photographs             None

25.         Manner of disappearance             N/S

26.         Remarks:       See Incident #12J                   W 8 0!  ^Tc y
                                                                    *^ v
                                                                           r
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.     Dato     30 April 19^8                                 Incident | 126
       2.     Time      101J

       3.    Location     Anacostia, Naval Air Station, 38°52’N, 77°oo*W-

      U.      Name of observer Marcus L.Lowe

      5.     Occupation of observer Lt Commander, IE Navy

      6.     Address of obsorvor        N/s

      7.     Placo of observation       "ir

      8.     Number of objects One

      9»     Distance of object from observer      One mile
 10.         Timo in sight N/s

 11.         Altitude 45OO feet

 12.         Speed 100 m.p.h.

13.          Direction of flight       J6O° N

111.        Tactics N/S

15.         Sound      N/S

16.         Size     25 - 24.0 ftdiameter

17.         Color    Yellow (light colored)

18.         Shape Sphere

19.         Odor dotoctod      N/S

20.         Apparent construction N/S

21.         Exhaust trails N/S

22.         Woathor conditions       N/S

25.         Effoct on clouds N/S

2t.         Sketches or photographs         None

25.         Manner of disappearance        N/S

26.         Remarks:   The object appeared to the pilot to be a ye How (or
            light colored) balloon, and attracted attention principally because
°f            ^2’ “° external Sittings or attachments were observed
^niaht^’th^x^Tr1 Of J1* °bject Was estimated at about 100 m.p.h
 he flight of the object was in approximately a south to north direction
stilt         "inds from north northwest, and apparently followed a con­
stant altitude. Pilot did not pursue object further because it was
entering the prohibited flying area, U.b. Capitol, White House Area.
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.     Dato     7 May 1948      -                                Incident # 127

      2.    Timo     N/S

      5.    Location Lake Doiran, along the Yugoslav-Greek frontier

      4.    Name of observer N/S

      5.    Occupation of obsorvor          N/S

  6.        Address of obsorvor N/S

      7.    Placo of observation          Ground

  8.        Number of objects One

  9.        Distance of object from obsorVor N/S                               •

 10.        Timo in sight N/S

11.         Altitudo 5000 feet

12.         Speed    n/S

IJ.         Direction of flight 180°

14.        Tactics    N/S

15.        Sound    Like artillery shell          (shrill whined

16.        Size     N/S

17.        Color     N/S

18.        Shapo    Flying disc                                    .

19.        Odor dotoctod    N/S

20.        Apparent construction          N/S

21.        Exhaust trails N/S

22.        Woathor conditions N/S

2J.        Effect on clouds     N/S

24.        Sketches or photographs          None

25.        Manner of disappearance              N/S

26.         Remarks:   A press dispatch quoted residents of the Lake Doiran
           area along the Yugoslav-Greek frontier as saying they saw a "flying
disc”. It was described as speeding so thward f rom Yugoslavia at a height
of about 5,000 feet, making a noise like an artillery shell.


                                                              1
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Date     g May 19U                                     Incidont # 12g

  2*   Timo     Night

  3.   Location (Hobson) Middleport, Ohio, JO0 00’ N, 82° 05 1 W

  U#   Name of obsorvor        Ben Rupe

  5#   Occupation of obsorvor New York Central System Car Inspector

  6#   Address of obsorvor N/S

  7»   Place of observation        Ground

  8#   Number of objects N/S

  9»   Distance of object from observer        N/S

10 # Timo in sight       N/S

11.    Altitude 6—8 miles

12.    Speod     Great amount of speed

13.    Direction of flight 90°

lh.    Tactics N/S

15*    Sound N/S

16.    Sizo    9” diameter from ground level

17#    Color     Phosphorescent

18.    Shapo    Round

19*    Odor dotectod N/S

20.    Apparent construction          N/S

21.    Exhaust trails Phosphorescent trail in sky

22.    Woathor conditions       N/S

       Effoct on clouds N/S

       Sketches or photographs

25.    Manner of disappearance         N/S

26.    Remarks: The above covers sitting of same objects by Sari Roush,
       New York Central System Car Inspector; Bob White, New York Central
xard Clerk; and C. K. ^te, New xork Central xatrolman.     Patrolman Hite
stated in addition that his attention was called to these objects by
Car inspector Ben Rupe. Upon observing the sky Hite saw disc-shaped
objects traveling f rom west to east in succession in the same path at
about two-minute intervals. Now and then one would ”hook back apparently
in the same path whence it had come.” Occasionally one seemed to burst
and disintegrate. For a resemblance, Hite said ’•Take a large $lock face,
cover it with radium, and sail it through the air.”


                                                                   0^
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Date     JI May 1948

  2,   Timo      I52O

  5.   location     Wilmington, North Carolina, 34° 14’ N, 77° ?7' «^

  4,   Hamo of observer 4rs. H. D. Alspach

  5.   Occupation of observer           N/S

  6.   Address of observer 709 South 6th

  7.   Placo of observation           Ground

  8.   Number of objects        One

  9.   Distance of object from observer N/S

10,    Timo in sightN/S

11.    Altitude    Awfully high

12.    Speed     Fast

13.    Direction of flight        90°

       Tactics     None

       Soiiud      N/S

       Size As large as an arm, and about 3 feet long

       Color n/S

       Shape     Oblong

       Odor detected      N/S

       Apparent construction          n/S

       Exhaust trails      knitted smoke

22.    Weather conditions n/S

23.    Effect on clouds         N/S

24.    Sketches or photographs              None

25.    Manner of disappearance          n/S

26.    Remarks:     Mysterious sky object          was sighted by Mrs. Alspach, her
sister krs. Colvin, and MrS. H.D. Hufham.             It came at first at a fast
speed from the direction of Bluethenthal Field at 1:20 p.m., over the
Cape Fear River, then veered at a low speed back towards Wrightsville,
a little to the west.

The local office of the Civil Aeronautics administration discredited a
supposition by Bluethenthal Field’s station manager '■'ames Holomon, that
object could have been a P-30 plane in flight. The CAA said there was no
such plane in the sky there at the time.
                        CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

        1.    Date    17th May I9I4S                                          Lnchiontj^ 1JO

       2.     Timo      wight

       5.     Location       Between Plevna and Miles City, Montana

       li.    Hamo of observer        W. A. Bonneville

       5.     Occupation of observer          Territory ^gr., B. F. Goodrich Company

       6.     Address of observer 415 ^» Rosser Ave., Bismark,            N. D.

       7.     Placo of observation       Ground, Route #212, iest of Plevna, traveling west

       8.     Number of objects         One

       9.     Distance of object from observer At closest point, approx. 25OO feet

  10.         Timo in sight      Some twenty minutes

 11.          Altitude Jj/S

 12.          Speod       Twice the speed of the Northwest Airlines planes

 IJ.          Direction of flight       West, slightly south, then west

 ill.         Tactics Performed arc

15.          Sound    Hone

16.          Size     Fairly large compared with an aircraft
17.          Color    White - (ai^t have had slight bluish-white tinge)

18.          Shape Ball

19.          Odor detected      N/S

20.          Apparent construction N/S - but apparently meteor-like

21.          Exhaust trails A long bright light shooting from under it

22.          Weather conditions iuonnlight, but cloudy

23.          Effect on clouds     N/S

21j.         Sketches or photographs None - Map forwarded showing location of object

25.          Manner of disappearance          Flew in a dark cloud bank

26.          Remarks:    See Supplement
                                                                  S   u * ^ ^ «**» ffU^ AT’’'
                        THE B. F. GOODRICH COMPANY

                          Minneapolis J, Minnesota


                                                 415 i.est Rosser Ave
                                                 Bismark, N. D.
                    .                            5-2J-48                '
United States Army - Intelligence Div.
Washington, D. C.                                             _

Gentlemen:-

     On ihe night of May 17th at about 11 = 30 PM driving from Baker, Montana
to Miles City Montana on U.S, highway ^12 just West of Plevna, Montana before
getting to the hills I noticed a very bright object in the sky to the North­
west. The sky was overcast in the West but to the South the moon could be
seen at times - with a broken sky. Having traveled this sane route for
many years - about 15, I am pretty well used to open prairie road at night
and can tell a star from an unusual object when I see it.

     Northwest Airlines travel a Western route just North of this route
also, but I stopped at the Powder River Bridge where the road dips con­
siderably down from a high ridge - cut off my car motor and watched this
object as it sailed around in the sky - which at times close and others
seemed to speed away into the heavy cloud bank to the West and then later
reappearing, at a very bright white light at what I would judge about not
more than several miles away or closer. I carry a pair of field glasses
with me, and after stopping the car engine watched this thing through my
glasses, which seemed to appear as a small object with a long very bright
light shooting from the under part of it. Because of the speed of the
object and the darkness it was very difficult to make out what it might
 be, but I am sure that if I had had a more powerful glass I might have
made it out.

     I am perfectly sincere and do not drink so the foregoing is absolutely
the truth. With some of this newspaper funabout flying saucers etc, this
had all of the appearance of just that- and in stopping the car if this
had been an aeroplane I would certainly have been able to hear the motors.

     I stopped at a service station just before getting to the Powder River
Bridge but they had all gone to bed so did not have anyone along with me
to witness the object as it flew through the air. ^t stayed around this
area for about 20 minutes and then flew off through the heavy cloud bank
to the West.

       I am enclosing a map showing the location of the foregoing.

                                     lours very truly,

                                     The B. F. Goodrich Company

                                    /s/ Wm. Bonneville
                                        Territory Manager

COPY
                                                                 |JO v
                        Tae B. P. Goodrich Compan^
                            1655 Hennepin Avenue
                           Minneapolis, Minnesota

                                                   415 W. Rosser Avenue
                                                   Bismarck, N. Dakota
                                                   June 18, 194S
Col «. R. Clingerman
U. S. Army Air Forces
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

Refer - MCIAXO-J

Dear Sir: -

In reply to your letter of June 15th in vhich there are several questions
which you desire answ red to the best of my ability - with reference to
the object which I saw flying through the air between Plevna and Miles
City Montana on the ni^t of May 17th, I will answer them and give you a
graphic description again with a little more elaboration than my previous
letter - if that is possible.

Question: - Did the entire object appear to be glowing, or did it give
the effect of carrying lights. Answer: This tiling seemed to be a ball of
bri^it white light - and I could not make out if it was being carriedor just
what made it go - however, it did disturb me quite a little because after
stopping to view it at the Pcwder River Bridge I could not hear motors
humming such as an aircraft in these parts might have, and I therefore tried
to find out just what it was by the use of my field glasses.

(b) Question: - An estimate of the size of the object in comparison with
some other known object. Answer - the size of the light which was very
brilliant would indicate that it was fairly large compared with aircraft -
and I would say that this exceedingly bright light which was one light
and not several was as bright as the headlight on a locomotive, only
about three times that bright and without direction. By this I mean that
this li^t simply glowed very bright and was not a directed light.

 (c) Que tion: - An estimate of the speed of the object in comparison with
the jet type or conventional aircraft. Answer: This object flew at about •
twice the speed of any aircraft that Northwest Airlines planes fly - because
it would appear coming thro where I was traveling west on Highway #212 or #12
as we call it out here appearing only faintly first and then growing larger
as it approached over the hills north of the highway - until it seemed to
hang there off in the northwest of me bristly and then would turn south
toward the highway tab ere it became real bright and then would start back
 Vest again and fly out of sight. This t ing did this several times - which
actually got ny goat - if I may put it that way. (d) Question: Did the
object appear to be circling at random or did it follow a definite flight
pattern. Answer: As x have explained before - the object appeared first when
the Jest - then turning slightly South and turning in a big swing and
then heading jest again - flying out of sight into the dark black
cloud bank out of sight - then reappearing, and it did this several times.
     Question: - Is it possible that its disappearance into a "heavy cloiri
 bank" migit have been caused by clouds obscuring reflected moonlight
from a hig ly polished surface. Answer: - No - I have seen aircraft
many times on moonlight nights - but this was not anything like that -
this thing glowed brightly white light such as any real white brilliant
light mi^it. The moon was not bright enough to reflect polished light
unless the craft might have been South of me in the direct light of the
moon - which showed (the moon) fran time to tine throu^i the clouds. This
objedt was in theblack section of the sky over to the North of me and
slightly west, and was a steady oncoming light growing brighter as it
came, and had the appearance of semething carrying this light in the air-
but without sound, and it certainly was close enough to me to have heard
motors.

I thought it might have been some kind of a jet aircraft that I perhaps had
never seen - because we as civilians know very little as to what might be
gibing on in defense or experimental mechanics however 1 'felt it my duty to
report the tiling regardless as to what it might have been. This was
somewhat difficult for me to do because of the crackpot stories making
the rounds in some sections about flying saucers etc., but for the life
of me this had all the ear marks of just that kind of a deal.

I have traveled this road about which I have releated this sitting many
many times and at night Winter and Summer - and have never before in my
life seen anything like this - so naturally I was somewhat alarmed about
it, and have steadfastly kept the whole tiling to myself. I will certainly
be on the lookout for the damned thing the next trip I make through this'
same area which is generally after dark - because most of the time I work
from Lemmon South Dakota or Hettinger North Dakota along this highway to
Miles City which is about one days work ith my Dealers. In times like
these I feel as before stated anything of this nature which we are not
familiar with we are duty bound to report to our Defense Forces who may
be better equipped to understand the unfamiliar than we are.

                                      Yours very truly,


                                      •I.A. BONNEVILLE — Territory Mgr
                                      for the B. 1. Goodrich Company
WAB
                                                               Probably true
              CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS


      1.    Date                        20 June 1948

      2.    Time                           2230

  3.        Location                    Belleville, Illinois

  4.        Name of observer           Lt Col Win T. Hull

      5.    Occupation of observer     Pilot, Supervisor of Flying Trng
                                              Scott AF Bese
      6.    Address of observer        Scott AF Base, Belleville, Illinois

      7.    Place of observation       (?)

  8.        Number of objects          1
  9.        Distance of object from observer      N/S

 10.        Time in sight              N/S

 11.        Altitude                   Undetermined, but below 6,000 ft
 12.        Speed                      Approx 500 ‘^
 13.        Direction of flight       295° S of Base then 340° upon reaching
                                      south end of Scott AF Base
 14.        Tactics                   Zigzag course
 15.        Sound                     None
 16.        Size                      Six or eight inches in diameter
 17.        Color                     White light

 18.        Shape                     Ap-orox round

 19.       Odor detected              N/S

 20.       Apparent construction      N/S

21.        Exhaust trails             None

22.        Weather conditions         Complete overcast at 6,000 ft

23.        Effect on clouds           N/S

24.        Sketches or photographs    NoneTA          <Tb   > ^ q ^ ogg, g®
                                      N/S    1
25.        Manner of disappearance

26.        Pemarks                    No aircraft flying in the vicinity
                                      of Scott AF Base at the time light
27.        8B»nppenrance:   N/ S      was sighted                     ^^
INCIDENT 1J2                                  -       i V          ® w^^’Jmluation ^—3

NAD 12199               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
T-7477
KK 4210
                 1.   Date        12 Dec 1947

                 2.   Time        2205   & 2208

                 3.   Location         Oslo, Norway

                 4.   Name of observer        lighter to MA Kai E. Rasmussen, Col CSC

                 5.   Occupation of observer            N/S

                 6.   Address of observer              Same as MA, Oslo, Norway

                 7.   Place of observation              Oslo, Norway (Ground)

                 8.   Number of objects           1

                 9.   Distance of object from observer             N/S

                10.   Time in sight               ■Between two end three seconds
                11.   Altitude                  N/S   Apparently traveling fairly close to
                                                ground or would be visible to more peoole)
                12.   Speed                   Not quite as fast as a meteor

                13.   Direction of flight         SSB-SSW to NN’M?)
                14.   Tactics                     Performed arc of circle, curvature-very great
                15.   Sound                       None
                16.   Size                        N/S

               17,    Color       .               Lajain^is White with greenish-yellow tail

               18.    Shape                       N/S

               19.    Odor detected               None

               20.    Apparent construction             Meteor-like'

               21.    Exhaust trails                   Greenish-yellow trail

               22.    Weather conditions              No fog, sky clear and star-lit

               23.    Effect on clouds                none     -

               24.                                      none                   «)^^^, ^
                      Sketches or photographs
               25.    Manner of disappearance           Trees obscured vision            " .
               26.    Remarks:   Office emnloyee reoorts unusual no. of falling ”t-rs
                                 night of 13 Dec.
                                 Univ Observatory has no record of incident.
                              CHECK-LIST        UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS


                     1.- Date               20 - 26 Feb U8

                     2.     Time              Usually around. 2130 hours

                     3.     Location           N/S (Norway Denmark & Sweden)
INCIDENT 133
                 4.         Name of observer            N/S

                     5.    Occupation of observer                N/S
                     6.    Address of observer                   N/S
                     7.    Place of observation               N/S

                 8.        Number of objects                  N/S

                 9.        Distance of object from observer                N/S
                10.        Time in sight               N/S
                11.        Altitude                    Froin tree-ton level to 20,000 f
                12.        Speed                one to two miles per second
                13.        Direction of flight             Come from direction of Peenemunde
                14.        Tactics             N/S
                15.        Sound         N/S

                16.        Size       N/S                              •

                17.        Color    . (green tail)

               18.         Shape       N/ S

               19.        Odor detected          N/S
               20.        Apparent construction               N/S (xSmjPOX^
               21.        Exhaust trails             green
               22.        Weather conditions               N/S
               23.        Effect on clouds           N/S
               24.        Sketches or photographs None
           25.            banner of disappearance                N/S
           26.            Remarks      The trend of these objects to appear at2130 hours
                                       might be significant./.         -                 6 6
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS


               1.   Date        WO# 28 May 1948

              2.    Time        1500 hours     (Eastern Daylight Saving Time)

Incident:     3.    Location     Selfridge Fid, Mt. Cleirens, Mich/U°MacDill AF Base
  134                             approx 6 miles east of Monroe, Michigan
              4.    Name of observer Lt Kokolonis

               5.   Occupation of observer        1st Lt, Corps of Engineers

               6.   Address of observer           Selfridge Field

               7.   place of observation         6 miles east of Monroe, Michigan

               8.   Number of objects          5 - three at first - two later

               9.   Distance of object from observer        2 miles to left   (first J)
                                                            2-1/2 miles to left ( two)
              10.   Time in sight            1° to 15 seconds

              11.   Altitude          8,000 +

              12.   Speed        over 500 MPH
                                           seven o’clock position to 55°'heading north,
     (?)      13.   Direction of flight   Jf&xheading from MaaDill to Selfridge
see sketch           •               making abrupt turn to right (pilot’s left),
              14.   Tactics      Maintained nose-up attitude. Made abrupt turns.

             15.    Sound      None
             16.    Size       JOO to I4OO ft approx. - size of lake freighters(500 ft)

             17.    Color      silvery-gold color

             18.    Shape      disc
             19.    Odor detected        ^/^

             20.    Apparent construction        n/s

             21.    Exhaust trails     none

             22.    Weather conditions          Clear - visibility! edsatat miles
                                                High overcast at 18,000 ft w/thin stratus
             23.    Effect on clouds            layer very broken at 8,000

             24.    Sketches or photographs        Sketch showing approx positions

             25.    Manner of disappearance       lost in hr Ze at 7 o'clock position to pilot
             26. Remarks     Objects maintained smooth track thru sky, and flew
                in line of stern stepped up. In second sighting the second object
                flew about 50 feet higher than the first. All had hazy or fuzzy outline.
                              CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS


                     1.    Date         28 May 1948

       •             2.     Time        1500 hours (Eastern Daylight Saving Time)

    INCIDENT         3.    Location  E^°lfridge Fid., Mt. Clemens, Mich f/MaoDill Fid
     IjUa                               Position: 6 miles due east of Monroe, Michigan
                     4.    Name of observer      M/Sgt Bluest Davis, Jr. (colored)
                     5.    Occupation of observer            M/Sgt

                     6.    Address of observer                Selfridge Field

                     7.    Place of observation             6 miles due east of Monroe, Michigan

                     8.    Number of objects            2

                     9.    Distance of object from observer            25 to JO miles to hmx left

                 10.       Time in sight         JO seconds
           A
                 11.       Altitude          approx 8,000 ft

                 12.       Speed      SHOE ijM        Over 400 miles per hour

                 13.       Direction of flight         South West from J5° at 8:00 o’clock position
                14.        Tactics       Pursued straight course

                15.        Sound       N/S

                16.        Size      Appeared to be four feet in diameter
           '
                17.        Color      Shiny brass

                18.        Shape     round

                19.       Odor detected       N/S

               20.        Apparent construction N/S

               21.        Exhaust trails       None

               22.        Weather conditions        Clear, high overcast at 18,000 ft; thin stratus
                                                    layer broken at 8,000 ft, lateral visibility;
               23.        Effect on clouds             to ^ ^l®8

1              24.        Sketches or photographs           Sketch

               25.        Manner of disappearance            N/S                       ICTti
               26.        Remarks    Discrepancy as to position of 2nd object in group 2
                                     as sighted by Lt Kokblomis (Ino 1J4)
                                     Witness perceived only top-side of object, Objects
                                     seen flying over wooded section
1                                                                                    . ^-7
                              CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS


                      1.    Date                 Between 15 th & 20th Aug
                      2.    Time                 2130 MST                .
    INCIDENT. 135     3.    Location          Hapid City AF Base, Weaver, S.D.

                      4.    Name of observer           Maj Elmer H. Hammer, tf. (^0-46014)

                      5.    Occupation of observer           Intel Officer
                                                             28th Bombardment Group (VR)
                      6.    Address of observer              Rapid City AEBase
                                                             Weaver, S. D.
                      7.    Place of observation          Weaver, S. D.

                      8.    Number of objects              12 (Approx)

                      9.    Distance of object from observer                 ^ miles

                     10.    Time in sight          N/S

                     11.    Altitude             10,000 ft to approx 6,000 ft.
                     12.    Speed          500 MPH +


1                    13.    Direction of flight        Approached first from NW
                                                        then turn to right and disappeared in SW
1                    14.    Tactics              tight diamond-shaped formation
                     15.    Sound        no noise heard           .

                     16.    Size       Length:    100 ft estimate

                     17.   Color        Yellowish-white - brilliant                                             .
!   O'
                     18.   Shape         Elliptical

                    19.    Odor detected         N/S

                    20. ■ Apparent construction            N/S                                                      ■
                    21.    Exhaust t rails        None

                    22.    Weather conditions      Clear, no clouds, stars visible, wind, calm
                                                   visibility 30
1                   23.    Effect on clouds        none             ■ ' .-^ c-j^/^ ,

                    24.    Sketches or photographs           Sketches                  ,     '^ /   ;       :

                    25.    Manner of disappearance          Disappeared on a SW heading                 •
                    26.    Remarks       There .appears to be minor discrepancies as to
                                       speed and altitude in the report given verbally              ^^
                                       to Glasebrook and 1 tr to this Hq f/tyaj Hammer
                               CHECK LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

                                                                       Incident:   136
     1.   Date:      }O June 19^8

     2.   Time:       21140

     J.   Location         S. Knoxville, Tenn.

     U.   Nome of Observer:         Mrs Whitehouse

     5.   Occupationof observer:            wife of Maj Harvey J. Whitehouse
                                            Commanding Officer, ASU, 3319 Tennessee

     6.   Address of observer:              see above

     7.   Place of observation                South Knoxville, Tenn

    /8.   Number of objects:            1                 '     (

     9.   Distance of object from observer:             N/S

    10.   Time in sight:       3 minutes (according to Mrs Whitehouse)
                               3 seconds (according to ORC instructors)
    11.   Altitude:       30,000 ft

    12.   Speed       1,000 MPH '

    13.   West     Direction of flight:          West

    1U . Tactics:        N/S

    15.   Sound      N/S

'   16.   Size:    N/S

    17.   Color:    orange

    18.   Shape:    Ball

    19.   Odor detected:          N/S

    20.   Apparent construction             ’’fire"

    21.   Exhaust trails          "streamer of bluish color trailing”

    22.   Weather conditions:           N/S

    23.   Effect on clouds:         N/S

    2U.   Sketches or photographs:            none

    25.   Manner of disappearance:            Over horizon

    26:   Remarks:       (over)                                          F3 0 '^
                                                         ouw l
At approximately 21to hours, JO June, a ball of fire of orange ml nr
i^a tSrrV1, ^uish color trailing, traveled thru thFfky             ’
Sst    The ibieJr^r'^T1 /iSSPPeCred °Ver the Orizon to t£
2s heaS      •    traveld at a very fast rate of speed. No .ound ’


Witnesses:   Mrs• ’^house, wife of Maj Harvey, J. Whitehouse,
  •          u., Abu 3319 Tennesee           ■                •
             ORC instructors, Knoxville, Tenn.
             Mr. Tryus W. Setliff (See Incident 136a)              ■

Mrs. ’Whitehouse stated that the object remained visible fnr
J minutes and that the streamer emitted sparks.              approximately

Mr. Setliff stated that'the object was visible for abort X          ■
“mZ^a^»X^ °f 1,C°° mi^es                                  al “      .
                    ••K£.b                    a     bOVt#.

               CHECK-LIST . UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS


      1.     Date        JO Jun* 191*8

      2.     Time            211*0

      3.     Location               S. Knoxville, Tenn

      4.     Name of observer         Mr Tryus W. Setliff

      5.     Occupation of observer           n/s

      6.     Address of observer        Oakridge, Tennessee

      7.     Place of observation             Knoxville, Tenn

      8.     Number of objects                 1

      9.     Distance of object from observer N/S

  10.        Time in sight           5 seconds

  11.       Altitude        X^X^XW$»iXK&»               50,000 ft

  12.        Speed         1,000 MPH

  13.       Direction of flight         Westerly

 14,         Tactics          N/s

 15.         Sound            N/S

 16.        Size        N/S

 17.        Color       Orange Color

 18.        Shape       Ball

 19.       Odor detected       N/S

20.        Apparent construction         Fire

21.        Exhaust trails            Bluish Color

22.        Weather conditions             N/s

23.        Effect on clouds             N/S                     .

24.        Sketches or photographs         Hon®

—.         Manner of disappearance        Over horizon to West
26.        Remarks
                                                   INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET
                                             (To be filled out and retained in files)

  1.   Date of Observation7 July. W ....                                                                                   Incident f 137
  2.   Time of Observation 2Uh and 2115* • • •

  3.   Where was Object(s) Sighted . Qaaicel Bill* Korth Carolina.........................................


  4.   Observer's Position On.ground at. Cbanel,. .....................................................................
       (i.e. ground, air, control tower, etc.)

  5.   Name and Address of Observer Chiver^ify. of .Jorth Carolina.....................................


  6.   Occupation and/or Hobbies . I fe theanllcs. Instructor........................................................


  7.   Attention Attracted to Object (s) By .................................................................................................

       Number of Object(s) Sighted .J...............................................................................................................

  9.   Size of Object(s)                   .3.I/2? in.length viewd-perspactively* about slwof a/e • •
 10.   Color of Object(s).......................................................................................................................       , . , .

 ii.   shape (Sketch if Possible) Shut front tapering.to a point in-the-rear ■ • ■ ■
                                                             shaped Ilka a cigar.
 12.   Nature of Luminosity ........................................................................................................
 13.   Estimated Distance of Object from Observor Ibr........................................................................

 14.   Speed of Object(s) .RisU »30®d................................................

 15.   Time in Sight               .^proxix0atc2y.l. minute....................................
^6.    Tactics Did not pursue * -general -course, -but -armed. 'gonsMlly *So _rth....................

 17.   Sound Made by Object(s) .......................................................................................

 18.   Direction of Flight of Object(s) 3BSt.Kbrth£test............................................................

 19.   Apparent Construction (Of What Material or Substance) ..........................................................


 20.   Effect of Objects on Clouds and/or Exhaust Trail .Not.Visible................................


 21.   Weather Conditions Existing at the Time                                          . Clear ............................................................
 22.   Peculiarities Noted ............................................................................................................................................


 23.   Summary of incident Cfc^cts .seemed to-teve-a-blunt-front-vhiah-tapered* to a      * *
       . 1^$ ^.^•,r* •hapjd.liko * #M^.4MMt^t the rise.of an. . . .
         airplane In the sky. They were about 3- 1/2" In length. Buy didn't Intro
       « any brings or-any-apparent aeon-of getting around -in the sky...................
                                   (Attach a Separate Sheet if Additional Space is Needed)
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.    Dato 7 Jul ^8                                      Incident | 137a

   2.    Tine 2114 and. 211F

   3.    Location Chapel Hill, N. C.

   It,   Hamo of observer H. W. Daniels

   5.    Occupation of obsorvor Capt., Infantry, Reserve

   6.    Address of obsorvor       Box 188, Chapel Hill

   7.    Placo of observation       Chapel Hill, N. C.

   8.    Numbor of objects three (3)

   9.    Distanco of object from obsorvor N/S

10.      Timo in sight Approximately one (1) minute

11.      Altitude Extreme

12.      Spcod   High

13.      Direction of flight East Northeast
ill.     Tactics N/S

15.      Soumd Jet

16.      Size n/s

17.      Color n/S

18.      Shape N/S

19.      Odor detected n/S

20.      Apparent construction n/S

21.      Exhaust trails Not Visible

22.      Woathor conditions Clear

23.      Effect on clouds    n/S

2li.     Sketches or photographs None

25.      Manner of disappearance n/S
                                                   INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET
                                             (To be filled out and retained in files)

 1.   Date of Observation .8.July 19M. . .                                         .                                         Incident f 13g
 2.   Time of Observation                      .0920 hr#................
 3.   Where was Object(s) Sighted . Colusibus Ohio. . *........................ i...............................


 4.   Observer's Position ,»roW».Colvmha#..ahio....................................................................
      (i.e. ground, air, control tower, etc.)

 5.   Name and Address of Observer . W# YUda Zittek,                                                     2579.Jralon Are..Columbus • •
            Ohl#

 6.   Occupation and/or Hobbies . Housewife............................................................................ ....


 7.   Attention Attracted to Object (s) By .................................................................................................

      Number of Object(s) Sighted .2...............................................................................................................

 9.   Size of Object(s) . 4M.binoculsrs (l^no M-3,.6.x.3O).efaout.3.1/2" in. length . .

10.   Color of Object(s)                    .Silver .....................................................................................................
11.   Shape (Sketch if Possible) .WB • Mgar CT .forpedo....................................................

12,   Nature of Luminosity .......................................................................................................................................

13.   Estimated Distance of Object from Observer v Altitude, was. about-3000*.................

14,   Speed of Object(s)                    A®t.............................................................
15.   Time in Sight . .fOUQ                       CM rtUUW............................................
^.    Tactics         .bQbW V5.ajd .dQW.....................................................................................................

17.   Sound Made by Object(s) .non# ............................................................

18.   Direction of Flight of Object(s) Jlret .headed forth Out.then forth.................

19.   Apparent Construction (Of What Material or Substance) . fotelMc............................


20.   Effect of Objects on Clouds and/or Exhaust Trail . !®.<4®Mf............................................


21.   Weather Conditions Existing at the Time                                          . dea.sunlight, JUD clouds.........................

22.   Peculiarities Noted w Mrs Zittek.said t hat the objects looked* like SOB thing                                                                                 •
      Swing through Mr currants* Shay.had. a,blurt.nos# and the tail. waa.obscured,.
      . t first they looked like a dark blot. Both ends ware indistinct, They, were _
      visible for three or four minutes anil began to’ Adia away,
23.   Summary of Incident goffo e&jects*-oawers of* observations ware checked on? a/e
      flying, in the arsa, and were found, to be good as far as direction and aoyaaent
      but poor for oistance and altitude. Patterson Field stated 2, J^SO’s were in
      the air at* the* tine Of sighting-* COnt’8. tekt*ptgb......................................
                                  (Attach a Separate Sheet if Additional Space is Needed)
                                               Incident f 138 cont*d


      Cnpt Darnell, pilot of one P-80 was flying * loose formation In trail
of Lt. Collins while pacing hie in a calibrated speed check. The aircraft
were not equipood with wirg tanks (Tip). Iho pilots stated that they were
in the Coluabus Area. Mrs Zittek’s position was from a throe quarter pos­
ition at sighting.

       An article was published by the Coluabus Nows Paper, Coluabus,
Ohio, 8 July 1948.


                                                  2-42603 Incident / 1J8
Information received from Captain Boyd, District Intelligence Office,
320 Old Post Office, Columbus, Ohio


Unconventional aircraft sighted by Mrs. Wilda Zittek, 2579 Avalon Ave., Columbus

at 0920 on 8 July.   Weather was clear, sun shining brightly, no clouds near the

object.   She first saw the object with her naked eye, then spent two minutes

looking for binoculars.    Observed the object for about two minutes with them.

There were two flying objects; both appeared to have a blunt front and seemed

to taper to a point at the rear.    The shape was very much like a cigar.   The

sun was shining on them and they appeared to be silver in color.    With the

naked eye, they appeared to be about the size of airplane when writing in the

sky.   They were about 5j" in length and 1” in diameter.   In other words, they

seemed to be a little more than three times the diameter in length.     Speed

was not estimated.   Observed for approximately four minutes.   When first seen,

they were headed northeast.   Seemed to bob up and down rather than pursuing

a set and steady course.   Altitude was judged to be approximately 3000 ft.

No sound audible from the object; no exhaust trail visible.     First seen in

east going toward Port Columbus, then moved generally north from there.

Binoculars were M3   ^X3°           /^V^   a/mR


                                *    *      *


The following was broadcast over radio this morning (9 Jul) but persorsnot yet

interviewed:   On 7 July, five members of one family saw the objects which looked

like pie pans, directly over Port Columbus.       ,
          Interrogation

     MCIAXD-J                      Kijao-4
     1.   Contacted Captain Dwight I. Boyd, District Intelligence Officer, 109 CIC
Detachment, Old Poet Office Building, Columbus, Ohio, at 0900, 10 July 19^8. Bead the
scents' report and proceeded with the agent to the home of Mrs. Paul Vittek, 2*579
Avalon Avenue, Columbus, Ohio

     2.    Interviewed Mrs. Vittek and received the same information as contained in the
agents’ report (TO AGO Torn jUl) except that the bobbing movement described there was
brought out to be a smooth:-.undulating movement "like some thing going through air
currents*.                                     >

     3.   The subject stated that the object was cigar shaped, with a blunt nose and the


«    L obscured. "I couldn't make it out plainl It was like a dark blot*. The main
     thing that had attracted her attention was the sunlight reflected from the shiny center
     of the object, both ends being indistinct.

     4.   The subjects' powers of observation were checked on aircraft flying in the
area and were found to be good as far as direction and movement were concerned, but
poor for distance and altitude. The binoculars were checked and found to be Type M-3,
6 x JO, with artillery mil scales imposed. Ho blemishes or defects in the optics were
found. The subject had no acurate idea as to the amount of the mil scale the object
occupied.

     5.   A check at Patterson Field Operations showed two 7-80’s in the air at the time *
of the sighting. Contacted Captain Daniell, MGBFOF, the pilot of one of the 7-80'e who
stated that he was in the Columbus area at the time of sighting. Be was flying a loose
formation in trail of Lt. Collins while pacing him on a calibrated speed check. The
    raft were not equipped with wing tip tanks.                                          J

     6.   In view of the fact that Mrs. Vittek's sight of the
quarter rear position it is highly possible they were the two 7-80's in the Columbus area -
as this position from a distance lends itself to a distortion comparable to what she saw,
i.e. blunt nose, obscure tail, and apparent lack of wings.

     7.   A check was made with the Intelligence Officer at the Port Columbus Kaval
Air Station with negative results


                                           CLASSICS 1. GLASSCOCK                       esh
                                           1st Lt., USAF                              326
                                           ATI Branch, Operations Section
                                           Technical Intelligence Div            P 201V
                                                                       T-42603


                                                                      1?^
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Date , 9 Jul 48                                            Incident # ^9

  2,   Timo      21^7

  3.   Locution         North end of Osborn, Ohio

  h.   Name of observer        Clarence Glasebrook, 1st Lt., USAF, Hq AMC (MCIAXO-4)

  5.   Occupation of obsorvor ATI Investigator

  6.   Address of obsorvor Hq AMC (MCIAXO-U)

  7.   Placo of observation         grouid

  8.   Number of objects one

  9.   Distance of object from observer N/S

10,    Timo in sight        Appeared 3 times each time being 1-2 secend duration

11.    Altitude        3OOO to U000 feet

12.    Speed     between 500 & bCO

13.    Direction of flight          west (east to west)

lb.    Tactics         Made intermittent appearances at regulated intervals

15.    Sound       None

16.    Size    could not be estimated

17.    Color       pale yellowish white (luminous)

18.    Shape     N/S

19.    Odor dotectod N/S

20.    Apparent construction        '-/S

21.    Exhaust trails       None

22.    Weather conditions Clear w/quarter moon in the East-Southeast.

23.    Effect on clouds       N/S

24.    Sketches or photographs         None

25.    Manner of disappearance        Suddenly at angle ^^p rox. 70° to horizon
                                      in front of observWBho was looking nerth
26.    Remarks;                                                                  .
                        Lt. Glasebrook was a reconnaissance pilot in World War II.
      Unidentified Flying Object'

     MCTAXO-3                       MCIAXO-4            16 July 48              1


     1*   At 2147 hours on 9 July 1948, the undersigned sighted an unidentified object
flying from east to west at approximately three or four thousand feet over the north
end of Osborn, Ohio*

     2.   The object appeared as a pale yellowish white light that seemed to glow* It
was not a direct beam* The light was traveling at a rate of speed between five or
six hundred miles* It appeared long enough to allow the observer to determine its
flight path (approximately one to two seconds) and then went out* There was a pause
of three seconds, the light then reappeared again for the same length of time, another
three-second pause and the pattern was repeated* After the third appearance it was
iwt seen again* The final sighting was made with the object at an angle of approximately
■ to the horizon in front of the observer who was looking north* The last sighting
was slightly above the horizon to the west* just north of Pattern Field* The inter­
mittent appearance of the light was at a regulated interval*
     3*   The sky was clear with about a quarter moon rising in the East-southeast;
however, nothing could be ascertained except the glow of the light* There was no sound
or trail*

     4*    The undersigned was a reconnaissance pilot in World War II and served for
eight months in the 160th Reconnaissance Sqd. (J.P») flying FP-SO type aircraft*
It is believed that his powers of observation are above average and that the estimates
of speed can be considered to be fairly accurate*


                                          CLARENCE GLAZEBROCK             CWG/aw
                                          1st Lt., USAF                   Ext 65310
                                                                          Bldg 288
                                                                          Post 201F
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                                      Incident ^ 140a
 1.    Dato    1 July 191(8

 2.    Time    Between 2100 and 2200 hours

 J.    Location        Gahanna, Ohio

 4.    Namo of observer        Mr Jack Taylor

 5.    Occupation of observer           N/S but now active in National Guard

 6.    Address of observer         N/S

  7.   Place of observation            Gahanna, Ohio     ( ground )

  8.   Number of objects           1
  9.   Distance of object from observer            N/S

10,    Timo in sight        2 seconds

11.    Altitude        3000 to 4000 ft

       Speod     terrific

       Direction of flight             Northeast to Southwest

       Tactics          Pursued akxa±xktxi±x« flat line of flight

       Sound     None
       Sizo        NA

       Color      bright yellow-white

       Shape     N/S

       Odor dotoctod        N/S

       Apparent construction luminous

       Exhaust trails        N/S

       Weather conditions              Clear - bright moonlight

       Effect on clouds            N/S

24.    Sketches or photographs            None

25.    Manner of disappoaranco             n/S

26.    Remarks:         Mr. Chester Taylor gave the same version as that of his
                        son. Mrs. Taylor apparently did not observe the phenomenon.
             Interrogation


        MCIAXO-5                    MCIAXO-U             19 July M


     !•   Proceeded to the home of Mr. Howard Enslow in Gahanna, Ohio, with an Agent of
the 109th CIO Detachment at 1000, 10 July 19M*

     2.   Interviewed Mrs. Howard Enslow who stated that on the night of 1 July 19118
between 2100 and 2200 hours, she, Mr. Enslow, Mr. and Mrs. Chester Taylor and their Sons
Harold and Jack, of I4OO Grove St., Columbus, Ohio, sighted an unidentified object flying
through the air. Mrs. Enslow described it as a "Beabtiful golden saucer glowing like a
halo with a silver rim around it.'* Direction of flight was from Northeast to South­
west and the object was visible for approximately therr seconds. Subject was very vague
and appeared to attribute the phenomena to holy visitations. Was unable to contact
    Enslow.

     3.   Proceeded to the home of Mr. Chester Taylor and interviewed his son Jack, age
23, who had three years service and is now active in the National Guard. He stated that
the object was a bright yellow-white light that moved through the sky at a terrific rate
of speed. It was a glow and not a directed light and was about two seconds in duration.
It ditn’t fade out but ceased abruptly. The line of flight appeared to be flat and the
object appeared from the Wortheast going South-west, at an altitude of about three or
four thousand.feet. There was no audible noise although it was a quiet night and the
object appeared close in at an angle to the horizon of about forty-five degrees.
Although the sky was clear and the moon was bright nothing but the light was seen.

     4*   Mr. Taylor’s story was the same as that of his son’s. Mrs. Taylor was in the
car and did not observe the phenomena. The other witness was not readily available.

      5.   Proceeded to the sight of the observation and determined that, under the con-
 ditions of course and altitude as estimated by the subject, it was possible that their
•tie of vision was restricted by a grove of trees thus limiting the observed line of
   ight to the two three-second periods reported.


                                          CLARENCE GLASEBROOK              CWG/aw
                                          1st Lt, USAF                     Ext 65310
                                                                           Bldg 288
                                                                           Post 201F
                  CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                                                        141
   1.   Dato       50 June 1948                                             Incident/ 14x1

   2.   Timo    11*25 A. M., to 1*27 PM and shortly thereafter

   5.   Location       Hecla, South Dakota

   4.   Name of obsorvor            Norman Pfutzenreuter

   5.   Occupation of obsorvor Chemical Engineer - Amateur Astronomer

   6,   Address of obsorvor               Hecla, South Dakota                                 .

   7.   Placo of observation              Between Watertown, S. D., 4 Wibster, S. D.

   8.   Numbor of objects             1
   9.   Distance of object from obsorvor                 N/S

 10.    Timo in sight         Slightly over two hours

 11.    Altitude          150 miles (7)

 12.    Spcod      Stationary

 15.    Diroction of flight                   Stationary
 14.    Tactics       Remained in     one/position then disintegrated

 15.    Sound     None

 16.    Sizo    N/s

 17.    Color      Like polished aluminum           ,.     ,.~   -   ^^ $ f ^ pro ft S " .'       »

 18.    Shapo          Changing

 19.    Odor dotoctod         None

 20.    Apparont construction              Seemed to be a cluster of parts

 21.    Exhaust trails  Particles of disintegrating mass left very faint
                        trails of vapor
 22.    Woathor conditions Brilliantly clear (CAVU) - Wind velocity 5 MPH

 23.    Effort on clouds          No clouds

 2h.    Skotchcs or photographs             Map showing locations of sightings

 25.    Manner of disappoaranco             Disintegrated into smaller pieces

 26.   Ramarks:
       Ramarks:    Object appeared as cluster of parts which remained fairly
stationary and constant for sane two hours when it underwent a rather slow
change in shape. A large chunk fell off. Within the next 2-1/2 minutes the
entire spot started to very slowly disintegrate. Three larger parte moved
                             (over)
                                                           i*' 1


 away out from the mass and formed a perfect isometric triangle, the
 remaining mass slowly moved into hu dreds of small parts seemingly
 leaving very faint vapor trails. The three remaining parte continued
 to move apart holding their related positions of a perfect triangle
 but gradually getting smaller and fainter until they dissappeared some 9
minutes after the initial break-up. It could iu±ix easily be seen
that the parts were moving away from the earth, .


                                                      ^^^ ® y?     6
                             CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

              1.    Dato                                                Incident | 1U2

1             2.    Tino

              5.    Location

              b.   Hamo of observer Mr. Charles rf. Shandie, Jr.
M             5.   Occupation of observer

          6.       Address of obsorvor       Boise, Idaho

              7.   Placo of observation
                                                                                   *
              8.   Number of objects

              9.   Distanco of object from observer

         10.       Timo in sight

    ,   11.        Altitude

        12.        Spcod

        13.        Direction of flight

        lb.        Tactics

        15.        Sound

        16.        Size

        17.        Color

        18.        Shape

        19.        Odor dotoctod

        20.        Apparent construction

        21.        Exhaust trails

        22.        Woathor conditions

        23.        Effect on clouds

        2b.        Sketches or photographs

        25.        Manner of disappearance

        26.        Remarks:                                              -
               CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato                                                'Incident # IU3

  2,   Time

  5.   Location

  U.   Hamo of observer        Mrs. Felix G. Matthews

  5.   Occupation of observer

  6.   Address of observer      Columbia, South Carolina

  7.   Place of observation

  8.   Number of objects

  9»   Distance of object from observer

10,    Timo in sight

11.    Altitude

12.    Speed

1J.    Direction of flight

lb.    Tactics

15.    Sound

16.    Size

17.    Color

18.    Shapo

19.    Odor dotoctod       •

20.    Apparent construction

21.    Exhaust trails

22.    Woathor conditions

23.    Effect on clouds

2b.    Sketches or photographs

25.    Manner of disappearance

26.    Remarks:
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato      2U July Mg                                       Incident # il^

  2.   Time      02^5
  3.   Location     20 miles south of Montgomery, Ala

  L.   Hamo of obsorvor    Pilot Clarence Shipe Chiles & Co-Pilot John B.
                whittea & Mr. McKelvie, (Occupation - N/S)
  5#   Occupation of obsorvor Pilot and. Co-pilot, EAL

  6*   Address of obsorvor         Atlanta Office of EAL

  7.   Placo of observation        Air - 20 miles south of Montgomery, Ala

  8»   Number of objects       1

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor e         N/S

10•    Timo in sight      5 to 10 seconds

11.    Altitude 5»000 ft

12.    Speed     500 to /OO MPH (See Atlanta Constitution of 25 July Mg)

13.    Direction of flight         Southwest toward Mobile and New Orleans

Ih.    Tactics     Pulled up sharply with tremendous burst of flame (Atlanta
                     Constitution - 25 July Mg)
15.    Sound'     none

16.    Size      100 ft long and about twice the diameter of "B-29”

17.    Color      N/S

18.    Shapo      cigar-shaped
19-    Odor dotoctod     N/S

20.    Apparent construction N/S

21.    Exhaust trails red-orange flame
         blue fluorescent glow running beneath the object
22.    Woathor conditions    Pull moon, clear with broken cloud coverage of 4/10
                   at 6,000 ft
23.    Effoct on clouds    N/S - pulled up into one

2L.    Sketches or photographs           2

25.    Manner of disappearance         Disappeared intoa cloud

26.    Remarks:         See attached statements
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Date      24 July 48                                                 Incidjrtj 144a

  2. • Time           0230

  5.        Location          Near Blackstone, Va. enroute to Raleigh-Durham

  4.        Hamo of obsorvor             Louis Feldwary

  5.        Occupation of obsorvor              pilot

  6®        Address of observer               LGA

  7#        Placo of observation              -^ - near Blackstone, Va.

  8.        IJumbor of objects           ®nly trail seen.

  9»        Distance of object from obsorvor                 ®/®

 10.        Timo in sight         N/S                              /         .

11.        Altitude         ®/S

12.        Speed        terrific speed -

15•        Direction of flight            23O0

14.         Tactics         Trail covered an 80° to 90® arc laterally '

15.        Sound         N/S

16.        Sizo    H/S
                                          )                                (
17.        Color        N/S       •                   Only trail perceived - object
                                          )           was not seen
18.        Shape      N/S

19*        Odor dotectod          N/S

20.        Apparent construction              N/S

21.        Exhaust trails             Seemed to be a jet or rocket trail

22.        Weather conditions           at 02J0 at Blackstone: 0/70 ft UGEF 112/73/72/
                                        wsw 5/ 98>7• Greensboro and Raleigh-Bcurah had ®/15 plus
23.        Effect on clouds           N/S                                            —

2h.        Sketches or photographs                       Hone
25-        Manner of disappearance              N/S

26.        Roma rk s:       ( over)
^£as^w^r«

They were on a heading at the time of 215°. The jet or rocket         ™
^^^“V1^ ^ “'“«■«» distent wes^ S» a“
approx 20 above the horizon. The trail covered an 80° to 90® arc laterally.

NOTE:   ^®re ^ ? ^ “inut® difference in time f/thia sitting W<0230) to
        dUtS** ’^^ at 02^5 in MXMTCa jpie !<» tTUmiles


BOTE:   ^^L® ^ (°^ taTli— *i^ ^ther sighting by another pilot
        thst*^^01^^ °£ Blackstone, 7a« who saw a very unusual meteor
        that appeared to be on a bearing of about 210° from them traveling
        in a southerly direction above but close to the horizon.
^1

                                                                           IW^


      Supplement to Trip Report to Columbus. Ohio           JI July 19Mg
      Re: Atlanta Sighting
      THHU:   Col Clingcrman

      TO:     Col McCoy

          1.
          V   .^ °yect ^ tW" trip was to interview C. L. MeKelvie.
     ger aboard the Eastern Airlines DC-3, the night of 2U July igUg.

           2*    Mr’ y‘°Kelvie,8 written statement is essentially as follows! He
      “* °C^JJ5Lt?? ^? or 6th seat from the front of the plane on the right
      and would periodically glance out the window. There was a full n»nn
      in»l»«.d th. grouM Sd th. skies J2X                                    ^

Oi    ^JT J/
      ^® ^M^i* ^
                     £ paSSed cumlu8 C1 'ud9« On o™ occasion as he wJ looking’
                                J?^ °f ^ ""^ in a southeastern direction
     Jf       tb* a1™^ Above the plane. He wondered if it were lightning but
     observed the flame moved in a straight line and not in a flare. The color
      thi ^^ flaa* “ he taought it was probably a light cherry red - although
     £® w»’ "T* mo1* ?f B J*110* flame. He shifted his position in his sect
     -or better observation, momentarily losing sight of it. Then he saw it
               ^ ^timated the flame to be about 1/2 as far above the plane as the
     plane was above the ground. He saw no physical shape - only a streak of
     r rt^lT^h* ^ a straight line. The whole experience was momentary so that
                ^“fy^o* "a2 absent. He heard no sound but stated that the
     vibration of the plane was much greater than normal end that it was not possi.
     ble to hear any sound from the outside,                                  dossl


               ^^^"ie* Mr. MeKelvie stated to Maj Llewellyn that the
     pilots seemed quite excited and that they appeared nervous over the episode.


                                            R. A. LLErt’ELLYJi      RAL/aw
                                            Major, USAF             653IO
                                                                    Bldg 288
                                                                    Post 20Jf
                       Atlanta, Ga.
                     - Aug 3. 19^8


Mr. S. L. Shannon
Eastern Air Lines
Miami, Fla.

The following is a report of an unidentified aircraft which
was sighted by John Whitted and me, as we were twenty miles
southwest of Montgomery, Ala. July 2h, 19U8, as we were on
Eastern's trip 57°.

At 2:^5 A. M. we were cruising at 5,000 feet when there came,
what looked like a Jet type of aircraft to our right and slightly
above meeting us. It was a clear moonlight night with the visi­
bility excellent; therefore, we were able to view the ship as it
passed for a period of around ten seconds. It was clear there •
were no wings present, that it was powered by some Jet or other
type of power shooting flame from the rear some fifty feet. There
were two rows of windows,which Indicated an upper and lower deck, from
inside these windows a very bright light was glowing. Underneath the
ship there was a blue glow of light.

After it passed it pulled up into some light broken clouds
and was lost from view. There was no prop wash or rough air
felt as it passed.

After talking to the only passenger awake at the time, he saw
only th# trail of fire a# It passed and pulled into the cloud*.
I called tha company at Columbas and asked if ther* was any re­
ported jet army craft and requested if the ATO had any aircraft
under control. I was told that no such craft was reported by
either source.
                                   /s/ C. 3. Chiles

                                      C. S. Chiles
                                      Capt 1. A. L.


                              ^^l       "JFifliT?^
                              'W W^ t           .aw


                                                                     ?
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
       1.    Dato      2U July Ug                                               Incident #   l^b

      2.     Timo         0230

      3.     Location       Between Blackstone, Va. and Greensboro, N. .C.

   U.        Hamo of observer             Capt Perry R. Mansfield,

      5.     Occupation of obsorvor              Capt on 571/23 BAL

   6*        Address of obsorvor                EAL

   7.        Placo of observation Between Blackstone, Va. and Greensboro, JU C.

   8.        Number of objects            1

   9.        Distance of object from obsorvor               N/S

 10.        Timo in sight            3 seconds

11.         Altitude       ®/S

12.         Speed     meteoric

I?.         Direction of flight               southerly

lh.         Tactics       traveling; horizontally
15-         Sound     N/S

16.         Size    ®/$

17*         Color   ®/$

18.         Shape     ®/S

19#         Odor detected ®/®

20.         Apparent construction ®/s “                                   .

21.         Exhaust trails          N/S

22.         Woathor conditions            1/3    CAVU

23.         Effect on clouds         N/S

2/4.        Sketches or photographs None

25.         Manner of disappearance               "died out11 in the distance

26.         Remarks:       (over)
                                             pilot
At about 0230 on July 2H, 19^8, C. Kingsley/and. Capt Perry R. Mansfield.
saw what they thought was an unusual meteor. It was brighter than
any ever seen before and traveling in a horizontal direction, slightly           j
above the horizon. It was observed for 3 seconds before it died, out,
At no time did it appear to travel in a downward direction. Kingsley
& Mansfield discussed the matter that the meteor appe.- red to be travel­
ing horizontally.

At the time they were traveling between Blackstone, Va., and Greensboro,
5. C.. The sky was clear and the visibility unlimited. They were ona
magnetic heading of 2hO° and estimated the object to be on a bearing of
about 210° fnom them - that is - about 30 0 to the left of their heading.
It appeared to be traveling in a southerly direction, above, but close
to the horizon.

 BOTE:   There is a 15 minute variance in Ham time f/this sighting           /
         (0230) to the rocket sight bag at 024$ in Attaxta some 400 to
         475 miles distant. The time (O23O) also tallies with Inc 144a
         Pilot Louis Feldwary’ s account of sighting a jet or rocket trail
         just after leaving Blackstone.
                                      Sb^ & $ 0    ^       ^ ^^       ®     U< v
                    CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

     1.   Du to          9 July 19^8                                            Incidort# 1U5

  2.      Tim©           1205 AST

  3.      Location        Fielding Lake

  L.      Hamo of observers         1st Lt Dominick J. Caramia & Thomas B. Carpenter

     5.   Occupation of observer s(VLR) Photo

  6.      Address of observe it 72nd RON Squadron (VLR) Photographic
                                c/o APC 731. c/o Postmaster Seattle Washington
     7#   Placo of observation Fielding Lake. Alaska (6j°ll’ - 1^5° ^’ W

     8.   Number of objects             Approximately 20

     9.   Distance of objoct from observer             5»^^ *     stove

10.       Tino in sight        5 seconds or less

11.       Altitude           5»^® *     immediately below the clouds

12.       Speed          over 500 MPH

15.       Diroction of flight             From WSW to ESB

1’4.      Tactics         Jockeyed back and forth in the grotin formation (gave
                          impression of shotgun blast pattern) but maintained straight
1^.       SouiBd          course.          ®
                          Loud roaring sound heard (thought it was strong wind) before
nA                 dot    objects were sighted; sound sharpened into a buzz as they
          °1ZO            approached and passed.
17.       Color      grayish black
18.       Shape          ^feextaiap^^                           Spheroid or disc-shaped

19.       Odor dotectod          N/S

20.       Apparent construction

21.       Exhaust trails        none visible
22.       Woathor conditions          bright and sunny w/^       strato-cumulus cloud coverage

25.       Effect on clouds          none - flew immediately below them

21i.      Skotohos or photographs            gketc^         •             p r
25.       Hanner of disappearance          H/S     '--■' ^-' M ^ U        Li IM? ^.j £ '^   J   J (j'\

26.        Romarks:   The objects resembled a group of dots, grayish black in
          color and numbering about 20. They were plainly visible and either
          spheroid or disc shaped. They eppe; red to be Jockeying back and
                                  (over'        <
 uch lite^blt SKT**4 “d pared> the eound sharped into a buzz
 Yc^?                 8 group of jet aircraft. “
                                               Ko exhaust trails were
visible. There were no nhotosranh*
                       photographe.Avail
                                   available.
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1,    Dato       17 July I9U3                                            Incident# 11|£

      2.    T imo     L65O

      5.    Location       Vicinity of San .Acacia Dem, 65 miles south of Albuquerque

      h.    Hamo of observer S M/Sgt Kd a. Carter & M/Sgt Bernard E. Harvey
                                                         Carter:   Armament technician
      5.    Occupation of obsorvoi*                      Harvey:   experienced AT non-com
   6.      Address of obsorvor               428th AKBU Kirtland AT Base

      7.   PIqco of observation               Vicinity of San Acacia Dam

      8.   Number of objects             7
      9.   Distance of object from observer

 10.       Timo in sight        H/S

11.        Altitude          20*000 ft

12.        Spcod      1.500 MPH (if estimated, altitude correct)

15.        Direction of flight               northerly heading      (between north and northwest)

14.        Tactics          Maintained formation

15 •       Sound       N/S

16.        Sizo      H/S

17.        Color      Color of aluminum aircraft at high altitude

18.        Shape      When overhead:          circular.    After passing zenith:   indeterminate

19*        Odor detectod          ®/S                                                           >

20.        Apparent construction              metallic

21.        Exhaust trails             none                            .                     >

22.        Woathor conditions                ^^    M 20*000 ft wind velocity S to 10 miles
25.        Effect on clouds           „ ®/®

2h.        Sketches or photographs              Hone
25.        Manner of disappearance             l^SC    In northwest

26.        Remarkss          (over)
                                              ' A M KTIS .^ P” m^is a n
 ^wt^ ^-^ s™ ^~^“.
regular pulsatii flLhiS             ^ ^ ^^^ formation and a
                           ^^ 2FSM?                    an- they ^
directly overhead thav                  difficult to ascertain. When
traveling at a great rate of stiaaA  th ^^^^^ a cluster of balloons

ig™^ SS X*ie° e^m “t15“ ^                              ““^ ^ “ ^.


OK NOTES:        STJ^Vf V?her iadaetriouB, level headed individual
                 an armament technician of outstanding abilit/ S?mS’


                 S                ^ri^d " wn-ce® accustomed to
                 the sight of aircraft at various altitudes and speed!.
VALUATION OF   INFORMANTS: "A"
          OF   INFORMATION: J.
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
      1.    Dato      2? July 191IS                                      Incid mH ^7

   2.       Timo      2200

  3.        Location     Springfield, Ohio

  4,        Hamo of observor       Mrs. H. E. Gibson

      5.    Occupation of observer Housewife

  6*        Address of obsorvor           1217 Eart Mr in St.

  7.        Placo of observation           Springfield, Ohio

  6.        Numbor of objects         1

  9.        Distance of object from obsorvor N/S

 10,       Timo in sight        3 seconds

11.        Altitude       Great height

12. .       Speed       ®i&t of a jet -plane

13.        Diroction of flight        Herding North

14.        Tactics     None - traveled in a straight line

15.        Sound       none

16.        Sizo       Witness stated object resembled a "huge ball"
17.        Color H/S

18.        Shape     Round

19.        Odor dotoctod None

20.        Apparent construction            N/S                                 x

21.        Exhaust trails       Bright red tail of fire,

22.        Woathor conditions           Some thunder and lightning
23.        Effoct on clouds       N/S

24.        Sketches or photographs          N^ne

25#        Manner of disappearance             Flew out of sight     ,

26.        Remarks:          See attached
                                                         n                      £ A.
SSfMF^^                                              &X^S SL
2^^ i^J11?^ ^^veral^X^ ^S^^                                                    ,
they were rocKet-_ike objects which suddenly stopped, exploded and diw^peared. 1
M/A      T:   SS fa M^^?^1^10” Of ^ f™ ^^ official
                                             o v a a
                                                4 V
                                                                 ® mk n i ® £ «u
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Date       28 July 19U8                                            Incident/   ihg
      2.    Tima     4*°°           '                .


      5.    Location       Springfield, Ohio

      4.    Namo of observer           Mrs. Rose Henry

      5.    Occupation of observer             Housewife

      6.    Address of obsorvor               826 filbert Avenue, Springfield, Ohio

      7.    Placo of observation              826 Dibert Ave., Springfield, Ohio

      8*    Number of objects           1

      9»    Distance of object from obsorvor                    f/s

 10.        Tino in sight         1st time:        5 minutes;   2d time:   IB minutes
 11.       Altitude      N/S

 12.        Spcod     Remained, nearly stationary

13.        Diroction of flight               N/S

ih.        Tactics        Hovering
ic                      W5       Witness thought she heard sound of plane before she
                         /       sighted object
16.        Size    About the size ofa basketball

17.        Color     Intense yellow

16.        Shape     found                                       .

19.        Odor detected       l'/^

20.        Apparent construction            N/S

21.        Exhaust trails         N/S

22.        Weather conditions          N/S

25.        Effect on clouds           N/S

2b.        Sketches or photographs                  None

25.        Manner of disappearance Faded away

26.        Remarkss          See attached
                                                           M STSnST IMTI A fi
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.    Dato        19 Jan US                                          Incident #   1U9

   2.    Time        7:30 JW

   5.    Location          North Jutland (HJ err in, the Scaw and Hjerup)

   it.   Name of observer           N/S
                                                )   Taken from OMA B-3U-U8 (NAD U796)
   5.    Occupation of ob^orvor           N/S       as prepared by Lt Col Franklin E.
                                                    Tomlinson
   6.    Address of observer          N/S                     •

   7.    Place of observation             North Jutland

   8.    Number of objects          Jl^ Three

   9.    Distance of object from obsorvor                 N/S

 10,     Timo in sight        N/S

11.      Altitude     N/S

12.      Speed     apparently rocket-like

1}.      Direction of flight              >?S   Nast - West

lit.     Tactics      "suddenly stopped, exploded and disappeared*
15,      Sound       N/S

16.      Size       N/S

17.      Color      N/S

18.      Shape   ball - saucer
19.      Odor dotoctod ®/S

20.      Apparent construction            rocket—like objects

21.      Exhaust trails        iiiitaaf tail of green light
22.      Weather conditions          >/s

2J .      Effect on-clouds          ^/S

21i.     Sketches or photographs             None

25.      Wanner of disappearance            Exploded and disappeared

26.      Remarkss         (over)
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Dato          Approx 1 Mar 1»8                                  Incident $   150
      2.    Time -        O9JO hours                  ,

      5.    Location            Swedish Coast                       .

      4.    Namo of observer          N/S - a Norwegian pilot
      5.    Occupation of obsorvor               ONL pilot
  6.       Address of observer                N/S    Material taken from MA B-I30J48
      o     ™         '                                           'NAD 20560
      7.    Place Of observation              Air - enroute from Aalberg, Denmark to
                                                  * Oslo, Norway
      8.    Number of objects             1

  9.        Distance of object from obsorvor                  N/S
 10,       Timo in sight            U seconds
11.        Altitude         20,000 ft
12,        Speed      N/S

13.        Direction of flight         Southeast - passing along Swedish Coast
                                                   and disappearing over Norway
14.        Tactics         N/S - flight path followed earth's surface
15.        Sound          N/S
16.        Sizo           N/S
                               emitted
17.        Color      N/S but SQSSS& a bluish-green flame
18.        Shape          N/S

19.        Odor detected            N/S

20.        Apparent construction                S/S
21.        Exhaust trails          None
22.        Weather conditions             N/S
25.        Effect on clouds          N/S
24.        Skotches or photographs              None

25.        Manner of disappearance              Over Norway
26,        Remarks:        (over)
An ONL plane enroute from Aalberg, Denmark, to Oslo Nn™,   ^^

S Sa^^o^^^^^                                                  g^*
i°:?s s^s &X*^£t£7^
earth’s surface. *
                                     s^follow
                   pxujecsixe seemed to
                                        t n^r^the

NOTE:   nS^ mi88iles have been observed at Bjukm,   Norway & Tinse,
        £ ^Te2ioa’ “ 18 Of ^rest to know that heavy water
        is currently being produced in Bjuken.
        Observers:   A Norwegian pilot and his co-oilot.
                     XL?1?? “^ with ““ ^ Norwegian AT in
                     ureax -oriTaln#
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Date       29 July I9I48                                       Incident #   151

      2.    Timo      0955

      5.    Locotion Northeastern part of Indianapolis, Indiana (See attached
                         sketch of location)
      b.    Name of observers     Mr. James W. Toney & Mr. Bobert Huggins
      5.    Occupation of obsorvor# ®™yt ^^ <-ployees of w> 0 Jonee
                                            Cleaners
      6. Address Of obsorvor   Toney: 235 So Bradley, Indianapolis
                              Huggins: 50*40 Indianaola, Indianapolis .
      7. Piaco of observation  (^ attend drawing of location)
      8.    Number of objects          1                                            •

      9.    Distance of object from obsorvor           N/S - not over a few hundred feet
 10.       Timo in sight        N/S

11.        Altitude          30 feet - just above tree-tops
12.        Speed      25 to 30 MPH

13.        Direction of flight             Headed, south in bank to left
lh.        Tactics       gliding with no apparent spinning action
15.        Sourd        no discernible sound.
16.        Size        6 to 8 feet long by 1-1/2 to 2 feet wide (See attach drwg.)
17•        Color       Aluminum and shiny in color

16.        Shape      Shaped like a broad short propeller (See attached drwg.) ‘
19.        Odor detected •       N/S

20.        Apparent construction           Huminnm construction
21.        Exhaust trails           None

22.        Woathor conditions         CAVU - no clouds
23.        Effoct on clouds        Ho clouds
^1.        Sketches or photographs          2

25.        Manner of disappearance           Went down in wooded area (seemingly)
26.        Romarks:       (over)
                                                           >« ft £
e^W^ ^J^J^^ J'S®* 8hort P^P®11®1, approximately 6 to 8 ft long,
 act blade approximately 2 feet wide and approximately one foot thick with
cups on tipper side of blades. It appeared aluminum and shiny in color
^aveled ^Pfoximately 25 to JO MPH. It was sifted JustaSve tS t^s
at approximately a JO ft altitude in bank to the left of wprox 20® and
SS^SaS?           ^ deBCenU ^ *“ ^ di8cerniUe ^ andnoll


NOTE:   Truck had Just started across bridge (see dr^) when object was
        ‘’h?^^^? ahead above the trees. Witnesses stopped on the
        other side of the cantilever bridge but could not relocate object.
        ^reh      Lt John *• Hoskins, Base PIO, and Lt Bussell    Carey Jr
        ^f^ ^ Jg1* ^ ?8 ^ Stout ^ iid not proS’aS*
        result. However the area in which it was believed to have fallen is
        densely wooded with many hills and valleys. See diagram attached?
                    CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Dato        31 July 148                                    ( 1£2222£L>   152
       2.    Timo      0825                                "

       5.    Location         Indianapolis, Indiana (South-Central part)
      h.     Name of observor 8      Mr. & Mrs Vernon Swigert

       5.    Occupation of observers             MHOS! an electrician and housewife
   6.       Address of obsorvor8             2020 Boyd St., Indiampolis, Indiana
   7»        Placo of observation            As above —
   8>        Number of objects           1

      9.     Distance of object from observor              N/S
 10.        Timo in sight      10 seconds
11. Altitude 2.000 ft
12.         Spood      1800 MPH

13.         Direction of flight           90® — east
lh.         Tactics N/S

15.         Sound   None
16.         Sizo - 2EXM&ES           -20 ft in dia. and approx 6 to 8 ft in height
                                       in center - Ratio about 3:1
17.         Color      white with no shine
18.         Shapo      like a cymbal
19.         Odor dotoctod      N/S
20•         Apparent construction                N/S
21.         Exhaust trails        Hone                 •
22.         Woathor conditions           Sky clear
25.         Effect on clouds        H/S

21i.        Sketches or photographs          1
25.         Manner of disappearance              N/S
26.         Remarks:       (over)                                                     •
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Date      i£xfata&        5 August Hg                             Incident ^

      2.    Time       0100 hours                                        •

      3.    Location        Between Parrott, Ga. and Hichland, Ga.
      4*    Hamo of observer           James Amaral, Former AF Pilot
      5.    Occupation of observer             N/S - but formerly AF pilot
      6,    Address of obsorvor              N/S    (info forwarded. f/Turner AF Base)
      7.    Flaco of observation             Between Parrott, Ga. & Hichland, Ga.
      8.    Number of objects                  1

      9»    Distance of object from observer               N/S
 10.        Timo in sight            5 to 10 seconds          ,
11.        Altitude      20,000 to 35.000          ft
12.        Speed      jfal 3^00MPH (estimated)

13.        Direction of flight 250°

14.        Tactics       N/S                                 .

15-        Sound     Kone
16.        Sizo    K/S

17.        Color     blue-white streak of li^t
18.        Shape      "streak”

19.        Odor detected       N/S
20.        Apparent construction"rocket-like"

21.        Exhaust trails        A trail of sparks several miles long followed it
22.        Weather conditions         CAVU
23.        Effect on clouds           K/S

24.        Sketches or photographs                  None
25.        Manner of disappearance            N/S

26.        Remarks:         (over)
Vitness was traveliag between Parrott. Ga   and   a   „

^r^r^^t^

several .lies long.   T^ trail ^ g£ Us^^^^S*"64

DOTE:
        a Wat of power ^‘^.^ £ ^ “ ^^ * *
                      CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Dato      2 Aug U«                                                Incident 4   154

       2,    Tima      1945 hours
       5.    Location        Columbus, Ohio                                .
       h.    Hamo of obsorvor             Charles Saunders
       5.    Occupation of obsorvor            Attorney
      6e     Address of obsorvor          265-1/2 South High St

       7.    Placo of observation          Yard of 1337 Clifton Ave., Columbus, Ohio
       8.    Number of objects         1
      9#     Distance of object from obsorvor                    N/S
 10.         Timo in sight      1^-15 minutes
11.         Altitude        1,500 to 2000 ft
12.          Speed          15 MPH
13.         Diroction of flight            Moving south from the north
14.   Tactics   Constant slow speed. - Once it hesitated & thin trail of
    smoke issued from opposite direction of travel. Changed position assuming
15•   Sound    Bone                                       different shapes

16.         Sizo     Judged to be about 20 to 30 ft in diameter
17.         Color   N/S. Perimeter: constant grey-black. Center: transparent.
                        m        .                                      circular
18.         Shape    Changing. Firsts side-view: Parallelogram, Second: Kinkur
                     then reverted to original form
1*9.        Odor dotpetod N/S

20.         Apparent construction           N/S     •        •

21.         Exhaust trails        thin trail of smoke

22.         Woathor conditions       CAVU
23.         Effect on clouds         Bo clouds
2lu         Sketches or photographs           4 sketches           ~
25#         Hanner of disappearance           N/S
26.         Remarks:             (over)                 _   c r        .   r -              .
           ,      W , i 81K                       I &r^.
 ™             at ^OX 1945 a round object which appeared to be about 20 to
£ t’        dianeter was observed moving in southerly direction from the
 no. th over center of Columtue. Had constant gray-black perimeter with a
^Stl^n^T? ^ ^ ^ Could ** o*8®™* through this grey-black
perimeter while it moved at a constant, alow speed of about 15 MPH. It
t^^f^J °f “L^ ^ce 11 stated in its movements and a thin
 efra<         ^ issued from the opposite direction of travel. The smoke
      v^JmS^^         k*88 “°t “^ T^ duriB® ^ 10 to *5 ninutes object
Jftravil1 L^f!180,7^ ^ °?>ct chaa8ed position - but not direction
       ^f\” ^^ ^i’, ^^ fir8t ““l *t evidently presented a side
             *“ ? parallelogram in shape. (See). Slowly its position altered
         TJ   ?*?Jf?Ular 111 for®’ “^ to revert after a time to its original
form. The altitude was judged to be some 1500 to 2000 ft above ground?


     The above drawings constitute four positions of one phase. The
     object passed thru three of these phases during the 15 minute period.
                    CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Date       M Aug US                                             Incident #   l^

      2*    Time    P50 P. M.
      5.   Location           Columbas* Ohio
     he    Hamo of observer            Jaynes Saunders* jLBe|M. JU
      5.   Occupation of observer              Housewife
     6.    Address of obsorvor           1337 Clifton Ave, Columbas* Ohio
     7.    Placo of observation              Columbus, Ohio
     8#    Number of objects             1

     9.    Distance of object from observer             H/S
 10.       Timo in sight          15 minutes
11.        Altitude           IXs 1/2 mile hi^h
12.        Speed         slow ahd regular speed

           Diroction of flight           '   from North to South to Southwest
           Tactics/      Oblong to circular to oblong change in shape
           Souird      Hone
           Sizo of snail plane
           Color       H/S

           Shape    Changing but circular for the most part
           Odor dotcctod         I/S

20.        Apparent construction

21.        Exhaust trails         tail of smoke
22.        Weather conditions   Unusually favorable for observation. Light sufficient
           without interference from sun* s rays.
23.        Effoct on clouds    Cloudlees
2b.        Sketches or photographs             None

25         Manner of disappearance              M/S

26         Remarks 2     (over)

                                                                    a   it j snip
On 2 .Aug U$J, at 7J^ ?• M. Mrs. Saunders observed, an unusual
object in the sky. Her attention was directed toward, it because
some neighborhood children were looking toward the north. She
called her husband, Charles Saunders, (Inc 1$U) to witness the
phenomenon. The sky was cloudless and the light more than
sufficient, without interference from the rays of the sun which
were hidden by the buildings of the city.
Object first ^peered oblong in shape and was traveling from
norttto south at a slow, regular speed. XilKJlQaraaSXW^
HXH^K at a height of a half mile. During the 15 mimteeunder
observation the object traveled approx 7-1/2 miles. Although
it did not change its course, it presented different appearances
from tune to time. From oblong to circular then to oblong.
Object went thru this change three different times until observer
lost sight of it. However, for the most part it presented a cir­
cular appe« rance. Outline very dark in contrast with the trans­
parency of the center. Only when the shape appeared circular was
observer aware of the center being a void. Once in it hesitate
momentarily, observer noticed, a tail of smoke emanating from the
rear, after which the object continued in a southerly direction.
     ~ of 5?°^ *“ ^served tut once. The size speared to be
        * “aH plane. It made no sound altbo at one time observer
thought she detected one. At approx 8:00 P. M. observer lost sight
? ^.^c’^u^’x “ U ^P®^®4 to be changing direction from
South to Southwest.
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Date      16^        31 July Mg            '                       Incident #     155

      2.     Time      16j0
      5.     Location     USO N. Monroe Ave.,
                          Columbas, Ohio
      h.     Hamo of observer      Mrs. Edward G. Watson
      5.     Occupation of obsorvor               Housewife
      6#     Address of observer              U$50 N. Monroe Ave., Columbus, Ohio
      7.     Placo of observation             Columbus, Ohio                               „
      8,     Number of objects           6 or 7

      9.     Distanco of object from obsorvor                   Very great distance away
 10.         Timo in sight         N/S

 11.        Altitude        N/S        - very great
12.         Speod       Hovering
13.          Diroction of flight            I/S
14.          Tactics        Hovering        -hanging in the sky
15.         Sound        N/S      —                 1

16.         Sizo    of an ash tray
17.         Color    gold
18.         Shape       starlike
19*         Odor dotoctod      i/s

20•         Apparent construction            N/S
21.         Exhaust trails            N/S

22.         Woathor conditions               CAVU - bright sunlight
2J.         -Effect on clouds         N/S

2lu         Sketches or photographs                None     •

25#         Manner of disappoeranco                N/S                                •

                            (over)
26.         Remarks:
                                              ^ O O C-t Oi £? M "T* l A |
                    «cb I Riu s &0
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.    Dato      31 July 148                                       Incident #   156

  2.    Time       8:00 P. M.
  3.    Location  • Columbus, Ohio - Tremont Rd near TOSU radio tower
                                     located near University Golf Course
  4.   Hamo of observer  Mrs. Martin Price & Mrs. Mary Rippetoe
  5.   Occupation of obsorvorJ^3* ?:^Ce«, ^°U6e*^^e
                             Mrs. Mary Rippetoc mother of Mrs. Price
  6. Address of obsorvor 2186 Lamont Ave., Columbus, Ohio

  7.   Placo of observation          Tremont Rd near TOSU Radio Tower
  8.   Number of objects               1

  9.   Distanco of objoct from obsorvor             250 feet
10.    Timo in sight       H/S

11.    Altitude      250 feet
12.    Spcod      very slow

IJ.    Direction of flight           West to East
14.    Tactics     Did not change course or altitude
15.    Sound       No noise
16.    Size      of gasoline drum - Approx 5’ x 6’
17.    Color jAP       Blade                                            -

18.    Shapo      Oblong

19.    Odor dotoctod          V

20.    Apparent construction          N/S

21.    Exhaust trails           Spouted black smoke from the top
22.    Weather conditions         Clear with no clouds
23. ' Effect on clouds           No clouds                                   *
24.    Sketches or photographs             None
25.    Manner of disappearance

26.    Remarks:            (above)

                                                               i Ric i
    On Saturday evening, JI July b8, at approximately 8:00 P. M. ,
wiile driving south on Tremont Hoad, as oh servers approached the MOSU
Badio Tower located on the University Golf Course, a large object resem­
bling a hugh lantern was seen floating in the sky. The weather was
S ear’ an^ ^ ^s still daylight so object could be seen quite clearly,
it was oblong in shape and about the size of a gasoline drum. It was
coming from the west and moving very slowly. It passed close to the
tower and was about 1/2 the height of the tower from the ground. As
it passed overhead traveling east, it spouted black smoke from the
top and at the bottom on the left side there was a dull enclosed light
like that of a lasp. Die object did not change its course or altitude
but continued on to the east with black smoke trailing behind. The
object was blade. It did not make any noise. There were no wings visible
nor did it have any motor. No openings of any kind could be seen.
   WXEB:   Another car stopped near then with two occupants who claimed
           that they had never witnessed anything like it before.
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.    Dato   31 July MS                                             Incidint #   157

   2.   Time       8J00 P. M.
   5.    Location     Columbus, Ohio
   U.   Hamo of observer          Robert C. Goshorn

   5.    Occupation of obsorvor          Teletype Operator
   6.   Address of obsorvor            State Highway Patrol Radio Station
   7.   PLaco of observation           Hear Golf Driving Ragg*, Columbas, Ohio
   8.   Number of objects          1

   9.    Distance of object from obsorvor    Object was balloon which, fell
                 to earth & was investigated by observer
 10.    Timo in sight H/S

11.     Altitude      Came to earth from around 100 ft (when first observed)
12.     Spcod       N/S

        Diroction of flight        earthward
        Tactics      N/S
        Soimd         N/S
        di zo   2 ft x 3-1/2 ft

        dolor     illite crepe paper                               .
        Shape     N/S - but said to be like old time "County Pair" balloon - round
        (dor dotoctod       N/S

        .M^iMi** construction           crepe paper

        Exhaust trails       smoking - caused by large ball of waste material
        Woathor conditions        N/S — (clear — see Incident: 156)
        Effect on clouds           H/S (no clouds)
21).    sketches or photographs             None
25.     Manner of disappearance         Fell to earth, where it was retrieved.
26.     Remarks;      (over)
^bh
      Object was perceived floating in the sky coming from the west over Ohio
      State Student Housing Project and was approximately 100 feet off the ground
      when first observed. It got lower all the time and landed in a field nearby.
      Three small boys ran toward, it and observer went over to investigate.
      Saw paper bag affair approx 2 feet in diameter and J-l/2 feet long made of
      white crepe paper, (like old time "County-Pair" hot air balloons) It
      was smoking when first observed and this was caused b^a large ball of waste
      material which was fastened underneath it. There were no marks or writing
      on it as±dbutaxMakjdcmDoataxKx±txKxn
      Bote:   See Incident 156 - in which time & direction tally.
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.    Dato      1 Aug Ug                                                  Incident# I58

   2.    Tino      2100 P. M.

   3.    Location KDXQKK Groveport, Ohio
          n
   U.    Npmo of observer Harold A. Yantis

   5.    Occupation of obsorvor                 Student, ft
   6,    Address of obsorvor               25 West Hinman Are.
   7.    Placo of observation            1 mile west of Groveport, Ohio
   8#    Number of objects          1
   9.    Distance of object from obsorvor               N/S
10.      Timo in sight        N/S
11.     . Altitude     w® very high
12.      Speed       N/S
13.      Direction of flight            in westerly direction against a light wind
111. Tactics N/S - just exhaust visible - smoke pattern dark & very large
    dispersed rapidly and appeared again as wide streak a mile or so in length
15.  Sound   No sound                     twisted from wide to narrow streak
                                     *    and back.
16.  Size    N/S - object not seen
17.      Color N/S - object not seen

18.      Shape     Just a streak observed
19.      Odor dotectod     N/S              ’                                                •
20.     Apparent construction i^fe                An exhaust trail (smoke)

21.      Exhaust trails Speared as black cloud with no definite shape but looked
                   like an anti-aircraft ehell a few seconds after it exploded
22.     Woathor conditions   ®WSS^3D®tt#B3ctoata Few white clouds - but 4Leex
25.     Effoct on clouds            black cloud silhouetted among them that moved
2h.      Skotchos or photographs

25.     Manner of disappearance

26.     Remarks:     (over)
Observer noticed what aopeared to be a small black cloud between
two white ones. Seemed peculiar because the weather was clear and
there were a few white clouds in the sky - but no other dark clouds
or formations of any kind. The black cloud did not have any definite
shape but looked like an anti-aircraft shell a few seconds after it
explodes. Suddenly it stretched out into a wide streak with smaller
vertical streaks, then rabidly turned and twisted, moving into a
different direction and disappearing. In three or four seconds, the
 smoke burst appeared again spontaneously, approximately 20® west
of the place where first noticed. Smoke pattern dark, very large, and
dispersed rapidly, appearing again as a wide streak a mile or eo in
 length liich appeared to twist from a wide to a narrow streak and then
back again changing direction as it twisted. Moving in westerly
 direction against light wind. Plainly visible altho far away and very high.
Bo sound heard. Seemed like a streak that would be made if a flying
 wing with several engines W£m banking and turning and leaving exhaust
 trails.                                   .
Bote:    Tantis was in the war and had seen a lot of anti-aircraft
         shells burst and many vapor trails from planes but had. never
         observed anything like this. He states: ‘ "It was so spontaneous
         like a rubber band which is round, then suddenly is stretched at
         length and twisted, and then disappears without a trace."

Agent’s Note:    Tantis drew the sketches below


        Streak twisted and tamed - suddenly disappeared


                     Ctkxxl
                                                           1st position

                     width same - length
                     estimated at 1 to 2 miles
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Du to      30 July l^                                               Incident# 159

  2.   Timo       2015 hours
  3.   Location         Worthington, Ohio
  b.   Name of obsorvor            John A. Felton
  5.   Occupation of observer N/S

  6.   Address of obsorvor               5800 High St, Worthington, Ohio

  7.   Placo of observation              Worthington, Ohio
  8.   Number of objects             1
  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor               N/S

10.    Timo in sight             15 minutes
11.    Altitude         approx 3000 ft
12.    Speed      very slow

13.    Direction of flight               SW
14.    Tactics    None
I?.    Sound     None
16.    Sizo      N/S

17.    Color      silver
18.    Shape      cylindrical
19.    Odor dotectod         N/S
20.    Apparent construction             N/S
21.    Exhaust trails        N/S

22.    Woathor conditions           Clear with high scattered clouds, visibility good
23.    Effect on clouds           N/S

2b.    Sketches or photographs            None
25.    Manner of disappearance                 N/S
26.    Remarks:         (over)
Object appeared cylindrical in shape with no apparent wings or tail
surfaces. No standard marker lights were displayed and there were no
engine noises. The object emitted a steady silver glow.
Altitude was fudged to be approximately J000 ft and the object was moving
very slowly in a southwest course. It was in line of vision some 15 minutes.
No other aircraft, military or civilian were in vicinity of Felton’s
hearing or vision. The sky was clear with high scattered clouds and
the visibility was good.
NOTE:   Felton questioned by Maj Campbell of the USAF, but nothing
        further was gained by this interview with the exception
        that his wife also saw the object.
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Dato      U July US          '                                    Incident #       160

      2.     Timo      11:15 P. M.

      5.     Location      Dravosburg, Pa.
      4.     Name of observer        John Jannicky, Jr.
      5.     Occupation of obsorvor             N/S
      6,     Address of obsorvor               Box 227, Dravasburg, Pa.
      7.     Place of observation              Dravasburg, Pa.
      8.     Number of objects       1

      9.     Distance of object from obsorvor             N/S
 10.        Timo in sight         20 seconds +
11.         Altitude N/S                                                  •
12.         Speed        Hovering - then moving on at undetermined speed
1J.         Diroction of flight           N/S

ill.        Tactics      moved across sky, stopping three times and resuming movement
15.         Sound      No noise
16.         Size       of a star
17.         Color      same as a star
18.         Shdpo       looked like a star                          *
                                                                              F'            •
19.         Odor dotoctod     N/S
20.         Apparent construction              N/S
21.         Exhaust trails          N/S
22.         Weather conditions           N/S
2J.         Effect oh clouds        ®/^

2U.         Sketches or photographs            ^®gue sketch

25.         Manner of disappearance              ^^

26.         Remarks:     (over)


                                                                                      ^AA .._
On 4 July 48 at approi. 11:15 P. M., OST, witness and his wife thought
they saw a star moving. There was a light in the skythesamecolor and
size of a star which was moving. ttrfixKkxXteyxttBagttxtXnnuraix^iaxe
taixihEctkxMgxMlBXMBDarolMaxtkDXKBanMeixiiuctxaxpiMBKxdHMxM
ixxtiuam±xx2±iDsxtt±jnm3BjKKt^^ Dien they thought it was a plane but
it made no noise. The object moved across the sky, then changed its course
a bit and went straight and stopped again for about 5 seconds, changed its
course a bit and went straight for awhile and stopped again this time for a t
least 15 seconds, then it went across the sky a little ways and disappeared
completely.    When the object stopped in the sky, it resembled a star and only
by following its course could the difference be noticed.
NOTE:   Witness states that he lives some 2-1/2 miles from the two woman
        (McKeesport, Pa.) who reported seeing a big silver plate zooming
        noiselessly overhead in the direction of Kennywood Padt. See Inc.
        161.
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.   Dato •    -Around. July 8, U8                                       Incident # 161

      2,   Timo         N/S
      5.   Loco t ion     McKeesport, Pa.

      H.   Hamo of observor           Mrs. Hell Veway & Mrs. Elizabeth Goltz
      5.   Occupation of obsorvor              housewife
                                              Mrs Veway:   3^0^ Grover Ave s M           „
      6.   Address of obsorvor s              Mrs Goltz:   26oU Grover Ave.' McKeesPort»
      7.   Placo of observation               McKeesport, Pa.
      8.   Number of objects              1

      9.   Distance of object from obsorvor                N/S
    10.    Timo in sight            N/S

    11.    Altitude           N/S

    12.    Spcod        N/S

    13.    Diroction of flight            N/S - toward. Kennywood Park
    lh.    Tactics       N/S

    15.    Sound        noiseless
    16.    Size      12 to 15 inches in dia.

J   17.    Color      silver
    18.    Shape     ’•plate"

    19.    Odor dotoctod        N/S
    20.    Apparent construction           N/S

    21.    Exhaust trails           N/S
    22.    Weather conditions             N/S
    23.    Effoct on clouds          disappeared, in cloud bank

    2h.    Sketches or photographs               None
    25.    Manner of disappearanco                disappeared in bl cud bank

    26.    Romarks:           (over)                             ,        x      -
Witness saw what looked like a "big, silver plate* zooming noiselessly
overhead in the direction of Kennywood Park.
"Oh look, that’s not a plane, screamed Mrs. Veway of 3U0U Grover to
her neighbor, Mrs. Goltz, }6o4 Grover, "it lookeqiike one of those
flying saucers."
Mrs. Veway said the disc was about 12 to 15 inches in diameter. It
disappeared in a cloud bank but reappeared on the far side and was seen
by Mrs. Goltz. They followed the direction of the disc until out of
sight.

BOTE:   Taken from the Daily News "McKeesport, Pa.   - July 8, 19^+8.
                          CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.      Dato         U Aug US                                             Incident# 162

       2*      Time         1200 and 1215 hours CST
       3#      Location          Hamel, Minnesota

       4.     Kamo of observer             Jerome Leuer (age 10 and Brane Leuer (age 8)
       5#     Occupation of observer               children
       6.     Address of observer               R/R 1 Hamel, Minnesota
       /•     Place of observation              As above — back yard
       8.     Number of objects             1

       9.     Distanco of object from observer                a matter of a few feet
  10*         Timo in sight          N/S                *         ,

 11.         Altitude           rested on ground —
 12*         Speed        N/S

 13.         Diroction of flight After resting on ground it ascended to a height of
  .               feet and shot off in a northeasterly direction
             Tactics   spun once , made whistling noise, shot straight up 20 ft, halted
             and again made whistling noise. Maneuvered around tree branches & tele
 15.         Sound whistling noise - like steam whistle             .          vires.
 16.        Size          1 ft thick - 2 feet wide
17.         Color     dull gray                    ,
18.          Shape         round
19*          Odor dotoctod           N/S

20.         Apparent construction               metallic              -.
21.         Exhaust trails           H/S
22.         Woathor conditions               N/S

23.         Effoct on clouds         N/S
2/4.        Sketches or photographs                    None
25.         Manner of disappearance             into northeast
26.         Roma rk s •    ( over)
Informants stated, that on 11 Aug US between 1200 end 1215 hours, OST,
Jerome and Benno were playing in the back yard and noticed en object
in descent approximately twelve feet from the ground which was descending
between the two of them. It settled to the ground gently - much as a
balloon. Upon hitting the ground the object spun once, made a sort of
whistling noise, described by the two boys as resembling a steam whistle,
and then shot straight up into the air approximately 20 feet, halted
and again made a whistling noise. The object then shop upward to a height
of about JO feet, and, in this ascent, maneuvered around tree branches
and, telephone wires. Upon reaching a height of approxima tely JO feet
the object shot off in a northeasterly direction. The object approached
from the northwest.
The boys described the object as "approximately one foot thick, two feet
side and round." The object had no window#, wires, or any visible
appurtenances. It was a dull gray in color and when it hit the ground,
it made a slight clanking noise, much as metal hitting against metal.
Philip and Mrs Leuer stated the boys were visibly frightened itien they
ran into the house and were afraid to tell what they had seen. Upon
close questioning, the boys related the above story to them.
Mr. Leuer advised that hethen had notified Mr. E. R. Sheridan, Postmaster
at Hamel, Minnesota (who subsequently notified the proper authorities)
AGENTS NOTES: Agent noted that the spot where the alleged "flying saucer"
had landed was approximately 2 feet in diameter and appeared as though
some heavy object had landed there or had been set down - as the ground
was dented and protruding rocks had been leveled. The spot was covered by
a washtub.
  •          . .Mr. E. R. Sheridan, Postmaster, advised that he had no
reason to doubt the story of the boys or of Mr. and Mrs. Leuer. and
for this reason had reported the matter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation
St. Paul, Minn.
                    •               ^riyoiRHU
                CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
   1.   Date       22 July Ug                                              IncidontJ- 16j

   2.   Time      hour before dark
   5.   Location         Van Nuys, Calif
   U.   Name of observer    Cant Henry Glover & wife
                               (Ofd-Res)
   5.   Occupation of obsorvor    Ordnance Reserve Officer
   6.   Address of obsorvor              8531 Variel Ave., Canoga Park, Calif
   7.   Place of observation             Van Nuys, Calif.
   8.   Number of objects 1

   9.   Distance of object from observer              SQfiftxfX overhead
 10.    Timo in sight       B^Sx about an hour
11.     Altitudo     great height
12.     Spood      N/S
13.     Direction of flight         toward the sun from the East or KrkaxE
                                    E to *
ih.     Tactics          traveled a vertical arc of about 25® or more
15.     Sourd      ®/S

16.     Sizo      of weather balloon at 2000 ft
17.     Color      bluish luminescence like fluorescent lang) which gradually
                   changed to orange color at dusk
18.     Shape      round tending to spherical
19.     Odor dotectod       ®/^

20.     Apparent construction             N/S
21.     Exhaust trails        N/S
22.     Woathor conditions           CAVU    ground temperature 70-75°
2J.     Effect on clouds           B/S
24 •    Sketches or photographs             None
25#     Manner of disappearance             snapped off like a lamp when you throw switch
26.     Romarks;          (Over)                      t   .   ^   ,
'Vty/


        Object appeared round and probably spherical. At first looked
         similar to weather balloon at about 2000 ft but there was no
        characteristic bobbing. The wind was blowing on the ground with
        fair strength and gusty yet the object was quite steady. In the
        time it was under observation (about an hour) it traveled thru a
        vertical arc of about 250 or more. After watching the object for
        a while the observer concluded that whatever it was the thing was
        at great height but not a star. It had a bluish luminescence like
        a fluorescent lap and as the sun set the color gradually charged to an
        orange color at dusk and finally snapped off like a lamp when the
        switch is thrown. The outline was clear and sharp and symetrical (no
        fuzziness or blurring), the air clear with visibility unlimited.
        Direction of travel from East directly toward the sun.
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                   .                                    16U
      1.    Dato     29th June                                             Incident #   i^

      2.    Time     11 P. M.

      3.    Location        Uniontown# Pa.
      4.    Name of observer           Mri   Catherine McDonald.
      5#    Occupation of obsorvor           H/S       WlOWM widow
      6.    Address of observor          38 Kensington Circle# Uniontown
      7.    Placo of observation Uniontown# Pa. - Observer’s front porch #

      8.    Number of objects            three - one at a time
      9*    Distance of object from obsorvor              N/S
 10.        Timo in sight        N/S
 11.       Altitude         5^00 ^

12.        Speed          Very fast
15.        Direction of flight          KE

14.        Tactics        spinning vertically on edge

15.        Soiwd         none

16.        Size    ®/S

17.        Color     luminous
18.        Shapo     oval

19.        Odor dotoctod        None
20.        Apparent construction             ®/$ ” transparent

21.        Exhaust trails           trail of light about 1 yard long

22.        Woathor conditions           atomy and cloudy

23.        Effoct on clouds   ®/s " ne* ac"88 ^ beneath base of clouds -
                                   lightning could be seen thru it. ’                     >
2h.        Sketches or photographs    vague sketch —                  <                       ^
25.        Manner of disappearance             lost sight of - obstructed by neighborii^houses

26.        Remarks:7       (over)
Witness saw a luminous, oval-shaped object flying at an altitude of
approx 5,000 ft which was traveling beneath the base of some sincsis clouds
from southwest to northeast across the sky. The weather was stormy and
cloudy and as a second object flew across the sky a flash of lightning
could be seen thru it. It seemed to be transparent. The objects(})
traveled very f. st and seemed to just disappear within 10 seconds. The objects
appeared at approximately five minute intervals. There was no odor
or sound ft from them. However, a trail of light about a yard long was
observed. The objects rolled vertically on their edges and appeared to be
spinning an end across the sky. Witnesses lost sight of the objects
as neighboring houses obstructed their view.

      Witnesses:   Mrs. Margaret Hollar
                                         j 8’ t iJA^ is ^ 0 i           l-»
                     CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

      1.    Date      26 July 19*48                                       Incident#   165

      2•    Timo     2100 2
      $•    Location          Chamblee, Ga.
   U#       Mame of observer           Doyle L. Avery et al

      5.    Occupation of observer            Observer, Atlanta Naval Air Base
   6.      Address of observer           Atlanta Naval Air Base, Chamblee, Ga.
   7#       Place of observation           Observation tower
   8*       Number of objects           1 blue white light
   9.       Distance of object from observer            N/S
 10,       Timo in sight         N/S
11.        Altitude        N/S
12.        Spcod      N/S - like shooting star

13.        Diroction of flight          SB turning S and. gaining altitude
lit.       Tactics     straight & level & gaining altitude
15.        Sound     None
16.        Sizo      ®/S

17.        Color       blue-white light
18.        ShapoN/S    “ object not seen
19.        Odor dotoctod          ^/°

20.        Apparent construction           like shooting star
21.        Exhaust trails        N/S - possibly the blue white light was the exhaust

22.   Woathor conditions 2/10 cirrus at 25,000 ft; 1 to U/10 of lower strato­
  cirrus at 5»000 ft. Visibility 12 to 15 miles. Surf wind light & variall.
2J.   Effoct on clouds N/S                                 2~5 MPH
2lu        Sketches or photographs           None
25.        Manner of disappearance          N/S
^(7/


        Qmx12jiAm4x^, Bayle L. Avery Observer, Atlanta Naval Air Base, Chamblee,
        Ga., itiile on duty at the observation tower on 26 July Mg about 2100
        hours sighted, a blue-white light traveling southeast from the northeast
        It was traveling very fast and maintained a uniform altitude (undetermined)
        and speed. It looked like a shooting star except for the fact that it
        maintained the same altitude. While under observation it then appeared
        to gain altitude and then turned sharply to the south. The weather was
        clear and still. There was no sound. Shortly after sighting the light
        several residents of the area called and reported seeing the same thing.
        No flights left or arrived at the station after 1910 hours on 26 July i°g
 165a   Wit“e38eB of this phenomena who were interviewed made statements
        ^u^?10^!        2° July 1+8 ^^ *ere seated on the lawn of the Georgia
        School of Technology Housing Project at Chamblee, Ga. About 20h5 hours
        Mrs. John Gall sighted a strange light and called it to the attention of
        her companions. The light appeared about the size of a football and
        was traveling southeast on a steady course. It was green and faded into a
        8113erZC°1°red tail* The lieht ^Pe^red eypMkd to lose altitude slowly
        nuch the same as a plane coming in for a landing. It appeared to fade
        away in flight as if extinguished. No sound wa^heerd.
              Witnesses:   Mr. & Mrs. Harold Shaw
                           Mr. Robert Sebring
                           Mrs. Jeanne Hill
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.    Date      JO ^Ug 48                                           Incident #    166

      2.     Time     20,000 hours or 8:00 P. M.
      3.     Location     Los Angeles, CaLif.
      4.     Hamo of observer           S/Sgt Leroy H. Estes

      5.     Occupation of obsorvor           S/Sgt
      6.     Address of obsorvor          ^ 1J01 *• Olympic Blvd.., Los Angeles
      7.     Placo of observation            1301 W. Olympic Blvd. Los Angeles, Calif.
      8.     Numbor of objects           1
      9.     Distance of object from obsorvor            N/S

 10.        Timo in sight         N/S

 11.        Altitude       estimated to be well over 20,000 ft.
 12.        Speed       thought to be well over 700 MPH

13.         Direction of flight          iR^Wfct
14.         Tactics      none      - flew level course
15.         Sound       No sound
16.         Size       Larger than B-29
17.         Color      silver
18.         Shapo     V-2 rocket
19-         Odor detected         N/S

20.         Apparent construction            rocket - like
21.         Exhaust trails        blue exhmst trail
22.         Weather conditions

23.         Effect on clouds       N/S

24.         Sketches or photographs          None
25.         Manner of disappearance           N/S

26.         Remarks:     (over)
o//                       ia   <^       *


 Object resembled, the fuselage of a V-2 rocket - but much larger.
 S/Sgt Estes stated, that it was much larger than a B-29 and. silver in
 color and that it completely filled the lens of a 10 B-80 field glass
 which was taken from a German 88 mm artillery piece. Each lens was 8"
 in dianfter. Speed estimated to be well over 700 MPH. and objects
 traveling at an altitude of well over 20,000 ft. No sound was heard
 Left a blue exhaust trail. Object traveling from west to east. Only one
 object sighted.
                       CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

       1.     Date       6 May 19^                                             Incident^    16?
       2.     Time       O9O5 GOT

       5.     Location    19® 08’ N - 164® 05' 1 between Kwajalein Island, Marshall
                    Islands and Hickam Field.,
       4.     Hamo of observer     Capt Floyd Barnes
       5.     Occupation of ob^orvor                Pilot USAF
       6.    Address of observer                Pacific Division, Milit Air Trans Service

       7,    Placo of observation                Ahead & above his plane
       8.    Mumbor of objects              1

       ?.    Distance of object from obsorver                4 to 5 miles
  10.       Timo in sight        split          second
 11.        Altitude             10,000 ft
 12.        Spood      N/§

 15 * Direction                of flight N/S

 14.        Tactics      exploded like             a shall

 15»        Sourd      N/S
 16.        Sizo         H/S

17.         Color        white
18.         Shape              ball
19.         Odor dotectod      N/S
20a         Apparent construction           .S^tx ’’fire”

21.         Exhaust trails       None
22.         Woathor conditions             5/10 cloud coverage
2J.         Effect on clouds         ®/$

2/4.    Sketches or photographs 110110

25.     Manner of disappoaranco                  exploded.

26.         Remarks:                  (over)
A large white ball of fire was observed some four to five miles
directly ahead of and slightly above the aircraft. It was observed
for only a split second and was comparable to the explosion of a shell
There were no streamers or ’•tails1’ observed such as usually related
to a meteor or a distress signal. As the aircraft approached the
approximate position where the ball of fire was observed a single white
light was seen on the water surface. However, this disappeared within
a few seconds after sighting because of the existing cloud, coverage.
More lights were immediately observed on the water surface some 10 miles
north of the plane's course. It is the opinion of the witness (flapt
Barnes) that these were from a surface vessel. Some 10 minutes elapsed
after these lights were observed on the water surface when an aircraft
was sighted flying a reciprocal course (2h0°) at about 1000 ft below
the observers's aircraft and slightly to the right of the course.
Capt Barnes made numerous attempts to contact this aircraft on Channel "B"
and "C", "VHE" but acknowledgment of his transmission was never teceived.
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

   1.    Date       20 July 19Ug'                                        Incident # 16g

   2.    Tino          1330 local
   3.    Location      Obrechstreet, Arnhem, The Hague

   ll.   Hamo of observor       ^* $. Otter

   5.    Occupation of observer           Chf* Investigator of Court of Damage
   6.    Address of observor             Arnheim, The Hague
   7.    Placo of observation              52° 30’ N, ^° 30* $

   8.    Number of objects           1
   9.    Distance of object from observer             ®/$

 10.     Timo in sight        N/S
 11.     Altitude              very high
 12.     Speod          high speed - comparable to V-2
 IJ.     Direction of flight             ®/$

 lh.     Tactics       ®/$

 15.     Sound      Sam® as V"2
 16.     Sizo           H/S

 17.     Color   N/S

 18.     Shape      Aircraft with 2 decks and no wings
 19.     Odor detected         ®/$

 20.     Apparent construction            ®/$

 21.     Exhaust trails       N/S
 22.     Weather conditions          visibility unlimited - scattered clouds
 23.     Effect on clouds            ®/$

 2h.     Sketches or photographs               None                  •   .   5

 25.     Manner of disappearance                ®Z®
 26. Remarks:     Object appeared to be wingless aircraft with two
decks. It was traveling at very high altitude and was seen four times
intermittently thru clouds. Visibility: unlimited.
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.   Dato      29 Aug Mg                                                 Incident #       169

  2.   .Timo     0530

  5.   Location         Maplewood, Ohio
  4.   Hamo of observer            Mr. Faby Niswonger
  5.   Occupation of observer                farmer

  6.   Address of observer                 RD #1, Maplewood, Ohio.Phone:     Jackson Central
                                                                             8-CFU2
  7.   Placo of observation           Maplewood, Ohio
  8.   Number of objects              1

  9.   Distance of object from obsorvor               N/S

10,    Timo in sight         N/S
11.    Altitude      N/S

12,    Spcod      N/S
I}.    Direction of flight           ^/S

14.    Tactics     Arose from behind woods - seemed to unravel a silver
                   substance that floated earthward
15.    Sound      ®/S

16.    Sizo       large
17.    Color      silver
18.    Shape        sphere
19.    Odor dotoctod       ®/®

20.    Apparent construction               ^/S

21.    Exhaust trails            ~ silver substance (?)                                 ♦
22.    Weather conditions           N/S

23.    Effect on clouds       ^/^

24.    Sketches or photographs             None
25.    Manner of disappearance              Disintegrated in mid-air

26.    Remarks:     (over)
^i!i

       ^iv^ro^^nA^6 ^^"^lored ^ere ^^ seemed to
       While    fl^^? ^^f “^ conti^ed to float across his farm.
             J                  to unravel a silver substance which
       floated earthward. While under observation it disintegrated in mid-air.
       “^    ?n^ent8eTx VT ^^^tious and sincere while relating this
             incident. Subject arose while witness was talking to a man from
                 this 0o™d (MOMP) ^ „ airplane to fly ^^
                                                       INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET
                                                 (To be filled out and retained in files)

 1.   Date of Observation jQn or About ^ Mgr 19US                                                                            Incident i 1J0
 2.   Time of Observation ............................................

 3.   Where was Object(s) Sighted . Adapazarl, .Turkey.............................................................


 4.   Observer's Position . Ground in .village .nfjax j^S^zari, .Tqrtpey.............................
      (i.e. ground, air, control tower, etc.)

 5.   Name and Address of Observer .                                         JJwt it®# .extr&Qted.frnis •Y’ant Qabah”................
      Xatatbal, 5 19^
 6.   Occupation and/or Hobbies .............................................................................................................................


 7.   Attention Attracted to Object (s) By .................................................................................................

      Number of Object(s) Sighted .J................................................................................................

 9.   Size of Object(s) . ............................................................................................................................................

10.   Color of Object(s) .                           Shining .................................................................................................
11.   Shape (Sketch if Possible) ................................................................................................. .....

12.   Nature of Luminosity ............................................................................................ .... ......................................

13.   Estimated Distance of Object from Observer . ........................................................................ ....

14.   Speed of Object(s) .......................................................................................

15*   Time in Sight .......................................................... .... ......................................

^6.   Tactics .........................................................................................................................................................................

17.   Sound Made by Object(s) .......................................................................................

18.   Direction of Flight of Object(s)............................................................... .... ......................................

19.   Apparent Construction (Of What Material or Substance) ....................                                                                      . ..............................


20.   Effect of Objects on Clouds and/or Exhaust Trail ... ..........................................................


21.   Weather Conditions Existing at the Time............................. .... .........................................................

22.   Peculiarities Noted . Moloded. in the air........................................................................
                                                   .............................................................................


23.   Summary of Incident-. Uken from. »u*l*h. newepapfflr. "leni. Sabah.* Istanbul, . . .
       5 My 19hSt .Quotas* .There have, been reports lately, to the effect, that shining
       object** like neteore here beat elated- In VMrlMft -barth bf the* ebuhtry; Cant'd
                                      (Attach a Separate Sheet if Additional Space is Needed)
                                                   Incident f 170 Coat'd


Sqm people suggest that these Might be rockets, Information received
from ai thorised circle* reveal* that each a thing passed over Adapazari
and w* seen to wplodi in th* Ar. Farts of it fell into a village
nearby ®nd killed a sheep dag. The thing was found to be a rocket and the
debris will be inspected by experts. Ober* 2nd Quote".
Observers My that the rocket thick is claimed to have com* froa the
northwest was flying at an altitude of 200 eaters over Adapassri before
it fell.
According to rumors , it is possible that the rocket is connected with
the "flying disc" experiments being conducted by ths Russians at ths
station on Mt. Alagos close to the Eastern frontiers.
Source: HA Ankara, Turkey, 10 May I9U8, Serial 86-48, Eval F-0
Comment: Air Attache, Ankara, Turkey has been requested to investigate
this incident fully and encourage Turkish General Staff to do likewise.
Whether incident can be confirmed or not Air Attache has been directed
to daterain* source* for inforaation contained in Ten! Sabah article.


                                                      -.JMfW Incident f 170
                                                      INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET
                                                (To be filled out and retained in files)

 1.   Date of Observation •3’Ahg’W • • • •
                                                                                                                       Incident # 171
 2.   Time of Observation .                            Sunset....................

 3.   Where was Object(s) Sighted                                    .40^.35 ka*(19*35 allet)’W dfMlsiow....................


 4.   Observer's Position . fitoUBd....................................................................................................
      (i.e. ground, air, control tower, etc.)

 5.   Name and Address of Observer .                                       . Moscow^ UDS3.............................................................................


 6.   Occupation and/or Hobbies                                 •Aaesioan Newspaper Gorrsspondent


 7.   Attention Attracted to Object (s) By                                              .Came Into *111)0 of‘sf^xt.................................
      Number of Object(s) Sighted .. . . . . .......................................................................................

 9.   Size of Object(s) ................................................................................................................................................

10.   Color of Object(s) . 4%one hrd^itly................................................................................

11.   Shape (Sketch if Possible) . locig-nawtw........................................................................

12.   Nature of Luminosity .......................................................................................................................................

13.   Estimated Distance of Object from Observer ..........................................................                                                     .....

14.   Speed of Object(s) •                           high* but* not* exesBeiv* ••••••
15.   Time in Sight......................................................................................................

b6.   Tactics ................................................................................................................... ............................ .....

17.   Sound Made by Object(s) . ..................................................................................

18.   Direction of Flight of Object(s) .                                            Southwest Northwest* direction*.....................
19.   Apparent Construction (Of What Material or Substance) Apparently, metallic •                                                                                     • •

20.   Effect of Objects on Clouds and/or Exhaust Trail .........................................................................


21.   Weather Conditions Existing at the Time .                                                     suadQT .............................................................
22.   Peculiarities Noted                          .wingless-.long and narrow................................................................


23.   Summary of Incident .                            . Soo* attached sheet................ ...................................................


                                     (Attach a Separate Sheet if Additional Space is Needed)
                                               Incident f 171 Coat'd


About Sunset an J Aug l^i A out 25 kilometers (20tailes) northwest of
Moscow an experienced American newspaper reporter saw an unidentified
object st very high altitude. It was long and narrow and proceeded at
a high but not excessive speed in a generally south-west- northeast
direction. It shorn wry brightly probably from reflected sunlight.
No wings could be seen and no sound was headd. It looked like a rigid 4
airship and was so identified by a Russian acquaintance who saw it at
the same tine. However, the reporter, in spite of the appearance of
the object was of the opinion that it was not a rigid airship due
principally to its high speed. He had no theory to offer.
Hl COMMEHTI This object night have been anything. Its speed seams
            insufficient for a guided missile, but it could have been
            either a jet or a conventional airplane as unusual light
            conditions and fore-shortening frequently give aircraft a
            freakish appearance. Iha possibility that it was a dirigible
            should not be excluded. Inference "A" should not be excluded.
RjZFbBEHC& Ai The upper winds in Russia are not publldxed but it was noted
             that on the following nornlng there were high surfece winds
             with stern predictions.


                                                             Incident * 171
                 CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

  1.    Dato    1 Oct 1948                                                       JneidjnM 7^<#

  2.    Tino       2100 hrs

  3.    Location     Fargo N. Dakota                                    •
  4#    Hamo of observer      George F. Gorman
  5.    Occupation of obsorvor Manager of Const Co.                 (Pilot of F-51 in Air N.G. )
  6.   Address of obsorvor Bldg. 18 Fed Hous Pro J Fargo N.                     Dakota
  7.    Place of observationfrom Airplane over Fargo and vicinity

  8.   Number of objects 1                                      *

  9.   Distance) of object from obsorvor 1000 #4 at the closest point

10,    Timo in sight 27 minutes

11.    Altitude     from 1000 to lUOOOft                    ,
12.    Spcod     much faster than F-51
15.    Direction cf flight      various
14.    Tactics    several left turns one ri^it turn, diving and climbing                           .
15.    Sound    Bone noted                                                  •

16.    Sizo    at closest observation 6 to 8 inches
17.    Color    clear white
18.    Shape    round at all tiroes
19.    Odor dotoctod    none

20.    Apparent construction          none   noted
21.    Exhaust trails     none seen
22.    Woathor conditions       CAVU
2J.    Effoct on clouds        none

24.    Skotohos or photographs none

25.    Manner of disappearance in steep climb

26.    Ramarks: Northern lights were visible in the nE. quadrant.

                                                     ftp-                                   .
