{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T15:13:05Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 83376785, "source_ctime_ns": 1788302083007575361, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/the-black-vault-launches-searchable-ufo-files-release-archive/pdfs/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_6.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785551486770000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/the-black-vault-launches-searchable-ufo-files-release-archive/pdfs/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_6.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c0bc348336cefd6087b66accc92405011e53f65a27efffa04832d2ab4d5d049"}

Declassification authority derived
                           o
                           0)
                                                from FBI Automatic Declassification
                      CD   tn
                      ro   tn     D                Guide, issued May 24, 2007.
                                                                                            &
                      co
                      co   O
                      co   CD
                      CD   W
                           Q      m    co
                                       «BM
                           *:           I    mrnt nf Susfirr                                ro
                                       o                                                    4^
                                  o    m
                           w                                                                co
                                             OVED FROM OR ADDED TO THIS Fl             Fi
             CO
                                                                                            <x>
                      Ci
             KJ
                           o
                                  co   X
                                       m
                                       o
             03
                                       o
             CO            (/)         X
'b                         o
                           sr
                                       o
                                       0)
                                       o
                                       m
 iL                                    m
                                       70                                  u
                                                            COPIED F
                                             of         1
                                                            MAR 2 W* JY


      _^ ^
      pWiEP JOR 1

       JAN 191878   ;.■■

                                 COPIED/FOR
                                                    i         A a

                                 APR 13 W' BY


      USE CARE IN HANDLING. THIS FILE
                                                                    - DO NOT
            Transfer-Call UBS
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


Office Memor                               UNITED STATES GOVERNMEN/T

TO
                       D. M. Ladd^                       DATE:   August 2

FROM                      H   Be
SUBJECT:               SUMMARY C AERIAL
                       PHENOMENA IN NEY MEXICO
                                                                                Be Irani
                       MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING
                                                                                c’c. aoo:


        PURPOSE
                  To advise that:   (1) OSI has expressed concern in
        connection with the continued appearance of unexplained phenimen
        described as green f ireballs discs and meteors in the vicinity£/
        of sensitive installations in New Mexico   (2) Dr. Lapaz, Meteor
        Expert of the University of New Mexico reported that the phenomena
        does not appear to be of meteoric 'origin (3) OSI has contracted
        with Land-Air Inc   Alamogordo New Mexico to make scientific
        study of the unexplained phenomena
        NATURE OF PHENOMENA
                  Observations of aerial phenomena occurring within the
        vicinity of sensitive installations have been recorded by the
        Air Force since December 1948    The phenomena have been
        classified into 3 general types which are identified as follows:
                  1   Green fireballs objects moving at high speed
        in shapes resembling half moons circles and discs emitting
        green light

                      Discs round flat shaped objects or phenomena
        moving at fast velocity and emitting a brilliant white light
        or reflected light.
                  3   Meteors aerial phenomena resembling meteoric          '
        material moving at high velocity and varying in color

                  The above phenomena have been reported to vary in
        color from brilliant white to amber red and green
                   Since 1948 approximately 150 observations of aerial
        phenomena referred to above have been recorded in the vicinity
        of installations in New Mexico. A number of observations have
        been reported by different reliable individuals at approximately
        the same time
                                      RECORDED - ? f lj^^^ ^^
       KYD/mp W
                                      INDEXED ■ 2   w
RESULTS OF AN INQUIRY BY PROFESSOR LINCOLN LA PAZ

           Dr, LaPas, Director, Institute of Meteoritics,
University of New Mexico, submitted an analysis of the various
observations on May 23, 1950, He concluded, as a result of
his investigation, that approximately half of the phenomena
recorded were of meteoric origin, The other phenomena
commonly referred to as green fireballs or discs he believed
to be U.S. guided missiles being tested in the neighborhood
of the installations. Dr, Lapaz pointed out that if he were
wrong in interpreting the phenomena as originating with U.S,
guided missiles that a systematic investigation of the obser­
 vations should be made immediately. Dr. Lapaz pointed out that
missiles moving with the veloc ities of the order of those
found for the green fireballs and discs could travel from the
Ural region of the USSR to New Mexico in less than 15 minutes.
He suggested that the observations might be of guided missiles
launched from bases in the Urals.

            On the basis of the investigations made by Dr. Lapaz
  and the Air Force, it was concluded that the occurrence of the
  unexplained phenomena in the vicinity of sensitive installations
  was a cause for concern. The Air Force entered into a contract
I with Land-Air, Incorporated, Alamogordo, New Mexico, for the
  purpose of making sc ientific studies of the green fireballs and
  discs. It was pointed out in the summary furnished by 031 on
  July 19, 1950, that the unexplained green fireballs and discs
  are still observed in the vicinity of sensitive military and
  Government installations,

 RESULTS OF AIR FORCE INVESTIGATION
          The Air Force together with Land-Air, Incorporated,
have established a number of observation posts in the vicinity
of Vaughn, New Mexico, for the purpose of photographing and
determining the speed, height and nature of the unusual
phenomena referred to as green fireballs and discs, On May 24,
1950, personnel of Land-Air, Incorporated, sighted 3 to 10
objects of aerial phenomena. A 24-^our day watch is being
maintained and has been designated'^Rro jecfTwfrfkl^.n


                             - 2 -
CONCLUSIONS
          The Albuquerque Office, in a letter dated August 10,
1950, advised that there have been no new developments in connection
with the efforts to ascertain the identity of the strange aerial
phenomena referred to as green fireballs and discs. The Albuquerque
Office advised that Dr. Anthony 0. Mirarchi, Project Engineer,
had been informed of the Bureau^ jurisdiction relative to espionage
and sabotage and arrangements have been made so that the Bureau
will be promptly advised in the event additional information relative
to this project indicates any jurisdiction on the part of the
Bureau.

ACTION
         None.


                            - 3 -
                             September 8, 1950


To:           Director of Special Investigations
              The Inspector General
              Department of the Air Force
              The Pentagon
              Washington* D. C.
From:          John Edgar Hoover - Director* Federal Bureau of Investigation
Subject:       FLYING SAUCERS

               There is attached hereto for your consideration and
attention a copy of a self-explanatory letter dated August 29* 1950,
received by this Bureau from Mr. Walter D, Jones, of 36 King Street East,
Toronto* Ontario, Canada.
               For your information* the letter from Mr. Jones has been
acknowledged by this Bureau, and he has been informed his communication
has been referred to your Department.

                                       appropriate agencies
                                       AND FIELD OFFICES
                                       ADVISED BI RCVTIBp
                                       SLIP(S) OF


                        OB'S


                                            5
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


                                 ^fl^/ll'/n   UNITED STATES GO :

TO                 MH. A      H. BELMONT                 date:   September 27, 1950
                                                                             Tolson
FROM                   MH     L. LaUGH                                       Ladd_______
                                                                             Clegg______
                                                                             Glavln
SUBJECT:               FLYING SA UCEHS                                       Nichola
                                               >                             Hosen
                                                                             Tracy
                                                                             Harbo

           LAC Cornelius of Philadelphia called at 10:45 A.M.                Belmont
                                                                             Mohr_______
today and stated that yesterday evening while two officers of                Tele. Hoorn
the PhiladeIphia Police Department were cruising in their                    Nease

scout car they saw through the windshield an object descending               Gandy|

slowly to the earth which appeared at first glance to be a                  />t
parachute•

           When the officers first noticed the object it was at
                                                       diameter. /
tree-top level and was described as being six feet in ________
It landed in a field near-by and the officers, upon examining it,
noted that it gave out a purplish glow which was almost a mist. jf
The off leers summoned two other police officers. After looking
at the object for some time they attempted to pick it up. The
object broke, leaving a slight odorless residue. Over a period
of about 25 minutes which the officers spent watching the object
it completely disintegrated. The officers further commented thai
the object was so light that when it hit the field, it did not
even bend the weeds or the grass it fell on.

          Mr. Cornelius said that he has called the local offiee
of the Air force but the individual with whom he spoke there sai
he knew nothing about them and was not aware that his office was
looking into reports of this type.
         . Mr■» Cornelius desired to know what further action shoul
be taken by <h im.

            told Mr. Cornelius that he was correct in referring
this matter to the local office of OSl and that he should direct
a letter to the Bureau incorporating all available information
concerning the matter and that we here, upon its receipt, in turn
would bring it to the attention of OSI Headquarters.


LLL :mer


                                                   RECORDED . 84 I ^^^
Hon. J. Edgar Hoover
Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation
Department of Justice
Washington 25, D. 0.                  /, z                                 '

Dear Mr. Hoover:

      The inclosed letter, subject: 11 Reporting of Information
on Unconventional Aircraft, ” is forwarded for your information
^nd_ any cooperation youmay be able to extend.

      As indicated in the letter it is desired to place this
subject in its proper perspective as part of the normal USAF
"requirement for information of air technical intelligence
■interest.

                                    Respectfully yours,


1 Incl:
  a/ s
                                                      0. P. C
                                                      Major General
                                                      Director of Inti


                               ^1050. toff


      This document contains information affecting the national defense
of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18
U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its Uaix^a^un or the revelation of its
contents in any manner to an urcu-h;.2' , orison is prohibited by !<rv."
                       DEPARTMINT OF THE AIR FORCE
                   HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
                           WASHINGTON 25, D. C.


AFOIC-CC-1                                          8 September 1950

SUBJECT!     Reporting of Information on Unconventional Aircraft


TO:          Commanding Generals, Major Air Commands, ZI and Overseas

             All United States Air Attaches


      1. The United States Air Force has a continuing requirement
for the reporting and technical analysis of observations of uncon­
ventional aircraft which might indicate an advance in technological
progress of a foreign power. An unconventional aircraft, within
the meaning of this directive, is defined as any aircraft or air­
borne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or
unusual features, does not conform to any presently known aircraft
type.

     2. It is desired that information on unconventional aircraft
be reported in the following manner:

         a. A separate report of each incident will be forwarded.
No information other than that bearing on the unconventional air­
craft will be included in this report.

         b. Priority of transmission accorded the report will be
that appropriate in the judgment of the forwarding agency, accord­
ing to its apparent authenticity and importance as intelligence.

         c. Reports will be forwarded to Commanding General, Air
Materiel Command, Attention: MCIS.

         d- Reports forwarded by electrical transmission will
include, as far as possible:

                (1) A brief description of the object(s): its shape,
                    size, color, number, formation if more than one,
                    aerodynamic features, trail or exhaust, propul­
                    sion system, speed, sound, maneuvers, manner of
                    disappearance, and other pertinent or unusual
                    features.

                (2) Timo sighted in 24-hour clock zonal time, and
                    length of time observed.


                         eONriDCNTlAL
                                   enclosure
             (3) Manner of observation; visual or electronic, from air
                 (give speed, altitude, and type of aircraft), or surface.
                 Any type of optical or electronic equipment used should
                 be described.

             (4) Location of observer during sighting, giving exact lati­
                 tude and longitude as closely as feasible, and/or reference
                 to a known landmark. Location of object(s) with respect to
                 observer, giving distance, direction, and altitude.

             (5) Identifying information on observer(s) and witnesses,
                 estimate of reliability and experience, and any factors
                 bearing on estimated reliability of the sighting.

             (6) Weather and wind conditions (teletype sequences) at time
                 and place of sightings.

             (7) Any activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise,
                 which might account for the sighting.

             (8) Existence of any physical evidence; fragments, photo­
                 graphs and the like, of the sighting.

             (9) Interception or identification action taken.  (Such
                 action should be taken whenever feasible, complying
                 with existing air defense directives.)

         e. Reports forwarded by electrical transmission will be followed
up within ten (10) days by a written report on AT Form 112. This report
will contain the same information specified in subparagraph 2d above in
greater detail, and where feasible will include sketches and signed attested
narrative statements of observers.

         f. Written reports of sightings, where no previous electrically
transmitted report has been submitted, will follow the same form as the
written follow-up report described in subparagraph 2e above.

         g. Any physical evidence of the sighting will be forwarded by
most expeditious means to Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Attn;
MCIS, under cover of a letter identifying tha shipment with the report of
sighting. Mention of the method and time of shipping of this evidence
will be included in written report of the sighting.

     3. It Is desired that no publicity be given this reporting or
analysis activity.

         BY COMMAND OF THE CHI®' OF STAFF:

Info copies to:
  Dir/Int, G-2, Army
  Dir/Naval Int.
  Commandant (INT) US Coast Guard            C. P. CABELL
 Sp Asst for Research £ Intel, State         Major General, USAF
 Director FBI                                Director of Intelligence
 Director of CIA
                         CONFIDENTIAL
S^NDARD FORM NO. 64


o^ Memorandum                               UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO        :           THE DIRECTOR                         date:   October 9, 1950
FROM      :           MR. D. M. LADD
SUBJECT:
                      FLYING SAUCERS
                      FLYING DISCS
                      GREEN FIREBALLS                                             Tracy__________
                                                                                  Harbo___________
                                                                                  Mohr____________
                                                                                  Tele. Roon
                                                                                  Ncase___________
   PURPOSE                                                                        □andy___________


             To advise you of the most recent information, known to the
   Bureau concerning the captioned aerial phenomena.

   BACKGROUND

             You will recall that on August 23, 1950, I furnished to you a
   memorandum regarding Project Twinkle set up by the Department of the
   Air Force, with the assistance of Land-Air, Inc., at Vaulin, New Mexico,
   for the purpose of obtaining data regarding these unusual aerial phenomena
   which had been seen in the vicinity of sensitive installations in New
   Mexico# To date the Air Force has not advised us of any new developments
   in connection with this project#

             Dr# Anthony 0# Mirar chi, Project Engineer of Project Twinkle, has
   been contacted by the Albuquerque Office and arrangements have been made in
   order that the Bureau will be advised in the event any information relative
   to these phenomena indicates any jurisdiction on the part of the Bureau#

             According to Bureau files, an average of approximately three or
   four complaints have been received per month from June through September#
   These complaints were brought to the attention of OSI# A review of Bureau files
   does not indicate that there has been any increase in the sightings of these
   phenomena during or as a result of the war in Korea.

     JURISDICTION FOR INVESTIGATION OF THESE PHENOMENA

             You will recall the investigation to obtain information concerning
   these aerial phenomena is the jurisdiction of the Department of the Air Force.
   The Department of the Air Force is aware of our jurisdiction in matters
   relating to espionage, sabotage and internal security, and we have contacted
   OSI and requested them to advise us of any developments in connection with
   these phenomena which would be of interest to us as a result of our
   jurisdiction•


     ^OCT 161960
    . c'A' <
j.nBW iO ‘«U S »
    I 8 J
NOS1G1-G3AI333B

K.W«9 S ^
POSSIBLE ORIGIN OF THESE AERIAL PHENOMENA

          The Bureau has been advised in the past by OSI that many of the
sightings reported to them were determined by investigation to have been
of weather balloons, falling stars, meteorological phenomena and other air-borne
objects.

INFORMATION OBTAINED BI BUREAU LIAISON PROM OSI^WASHINGTON, D. C.
                                                ------------------- --------

          Bureau liaison determined on the morning of October 9, 1950 from
OSI headquarters that the investigations of these aerial phenomena are being
handled by OSI, Wright Field, Ohio. Their investigation of these
phenomena fails to indicate that the sightings involved space ships, or
missiles from any other planet or country.

          According to OSI, the complaints received by them have failed to
indicate any definite pattern of activity. OSI further advised they are closely
following the investigation of the captioned matters, and they will advise this
Bureau of any matters of interest.

ACTION

           None.   The above is for your information.


                                    - 2 -
                                                                             October 9, 1950


                        aiss nwus


                        To atbd.ee you of the newt recent infers* tian kocon to tha


                *eh ’ad beer, seen tn. tie vicinity of sensitive lnotall.-jtiais in Kar
               tedec. 7<                    : ^ not advised wj of toy JWdwelopltoto
                 car set' 71 idth £113 rr lact.
                                         Tararehi* Project lliginw
                    that the 3 resn .Till be adviced in the croat any infarction relative


7F                      According to '
   NHHdmsc cacplai-'Ac were breu^A to the attention of QSI.                "vlasr of Kama 11 3
            ;j i oes mt indloaibo that there has bean any Increase in toe aightincs cf these


Telson
Ledd

□lav in
Mchola
hcsen_
Tracy^
i arbo^
*l«mt


eie. Moen


              OCT 231950
POSSIBLE ORIGIN OF THESE AERIAL PHEHOWA

          The Bureau lias been advised in the past by OSI that rany of the
sightings reported to than were determined by investigation to have been
of weather balloons, falling stars, meteorological phenomena and other air borne
objects.

INBDREATION OBTAINED BI BIREAU LIATfCE :ROV 031               TON. D. 0.
                                                  --^^-^-—~—^^-^>--^U-»——-—»-

           ms
          Bureau liaison determined on the morning of October 9, 1950 from
OSI headquarters that the investigations of these aerial phenomena are being
handled by OSI, bright Field, Ohio. Their investigation of these
phenomena fails to indicate that the sittings involved space sl ips or
missiles from any other planet or country.

          According to 0 1, the complaints received by them ave failed to
indicate any definite pattern of activity. 0 1 further advised they are closely
following the investigation of the captioned ratters, and they will advise this
Bureau of any ratters of interest.

ACTION

          Bone.   Tie above in for - our information.


                                - 2 -
  STANDARD FORM NO. 64


  Office M^emorandum • united states government
  TO                 DIRECTOR, FBI                                   date:     October 2, 1950

                     SAC, PHILADELPHIA         ATTENTION:   MR. LEO LAUGHLIN

                     FLYING DISC REPORTED AT
                     PHILADELPHIA ON 9/26/50


                     During the late evening hours of September 26, 1950, two Phila­
                     delphia police officers observed a peculiar phenomenon on Vare
                     Boulevard near 26th Street when they saw a round object about
                     six feet in circumference slowly float down to the ground.

                     The object had the appearance of a parachute and landed in a field
                     it being so light it did not even depress the weeds in the field.
                     The object was lavender in color, described by the officers as
                     dewy, sort of like soap suds, and evaporating within fifteen or
                     twenty minutes after it landed. When touched by the officers, the
                     substance composing the object disappeared, leaving nothing but a
                     slight sticky substance.

                     This matter was reported to this office by the Philadelphia
                     Police and for that matter, was subsequently carried in the
                     Philadelphia press as “Flying Saucer Just Dissolves”.

                     Mr. LAUGHLIN of the Bureau was telephonically advised of the above
                     by this office and issued instructions that the matter should be
                     referred to Air Force Intelligence for handling and any investigation.
                     Accordingly, Major WATTS of the Philadelphia Office of OSI was
                     telephonically advised of the above and no further action was taken
                     by this office.

                     FMK/mmd

                     98-0


5 5 OCT IMO
                            RECEIVED
Oct 5   313^
  nEC'O BF.lMON i     Oct 8 12 25 PM’50
                        Vt/r f NONAGE
  iif.PL OF JUSTICE
                      U.S DEC’.•in JUSTICE
1 ?i.i S’ III S' : ddt S
            I 8 3
                03M333H

OS.H^b ll^O
    53N0f MH
                                       FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION                      CC-150
                                      UN«D STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE


                To:     COMMUNICATIONS SECTION.
                                                          OCTOBER 13, 1950       URGENT
                Transmit the following message to:
                                                          SAC, LOS ANGELES
                          ^FLYING SAUCERS.    YOU ARE INSTRUCTED TO DISCREETLY


                                        PPROPRIATE RELIABLE SOURCES OF YOUR OFFICE
                   DETERHINE

                                    CULLY, AUTHOR OF THE BOOK QUOTE BI         THE FLYING
                  WETHER

                   SAUCERS UNQUOTE IS IDENTICAL TO THE FRANK SCULLY WO HAS BERN

                   ACTIVELY ENGAGED TN COMMUNIST ACTIVITIES SINCE THE LATE NINETEEN

                   THIRTIES IN THE TERRITORY CF YOTO OFFICE

                                                        HOOTER


                      EHMtgmu


                                                                 ^4^7/7 4^3
Mr. Tolson
Mr. Clegg”
Mr. Glavln”                                                                                  a
Mr. Ladd ”
Mr. Nichols"
Mr. Rosen
Mr. Tracy”
MT. Egan
Mr. Gurnea
Mr. Harbo "
Mr. Mohr "
Mr. PennTn
Mr. Quinn
Tele. Roon
Mr. Nease
Mise Gandy


COPIES 1 ^^                                                              Per

2 70           NOV 2 3 1964
b- ^f^'^
CHAKOZD TO
                                                                         This image contains all the
                                 -^~h7^——                              information on the document.
                                  DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                             HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
                                          WASHINGTON


     DECLASSIFIED
        Authority:
       NND 90986


                                                                                     DR/ms

 File Not            (24-8)-28                                             2 5 May 1950


 SUBJECT:            Summary of Observations oi\Aerial Phenomena in the New
                     Mexico Area, December 1948 * May 1950


 TO;                 Brigadier General Joseph F, Carroll
                     Director of Special Investigations
                     Headquarters USAF
                     Washington 25, D. C#


      1>    In a liaison mooting with other military and government intel­
 ligence and investigative agencies in December 1948, it was determined
 that the frequency of unexplained aerial phenomena in the New Mexico area
 was such that an organized plan of reporting these observations should be
 undertaken. The organization and physical location of units of this Dis­
 trict were most suitable for collecting these data, therefore, since
 December 1948, this District has assumed the responsibility for collect­
 ing and reporting basic information with respect to aerial phenomena
 occurring in this general area. These reports have been distributed to
 the Air Materiel Command, USAF, in accordance with Air Intelligence
 Requirements No* 4, and to other interested military and government
 agencies*

       2*   There is attached, as a part of this summary, a compilation of
  aerial phenomena sightings that have occurred mostly in the New Mexico
  area and have been reported by this District Office subsequent to
  December 1948   This compilation of sightings is not a complete record
  of all reported observations, but includes only those in which sufficient
  information was available to justify their inclusion. The observers of
  these phenomena include scientists, Special Agents of the Office of
  Special Investigations (IG) USAF, airline pilots, military pilots, Los
  Alamos Security Inspectors, military personnel, and many other persons
  of various occupations whose reliability is not questioned. This com­
  pilation sets forth the most important characteristics with respect to
  each observation and evaluates each sighting into one of three classifi-
\ cations, (1) green fireball phenomenon, (2) disc or variation, and (3)
   robably meteoric

      3.                    indexedan ana.
           There is also at torched           •87 •
                                       ™iySIs of the green fireball
 occurrences in this area made by Dr Lincoln LaPaz. Dr. LaPaz is tho
           s'


                                   CONriDENTlAfe
O-
File No: (24-8)-28
Subj: Summary of Observations of Aerial Phenomena in
       the New Mexico Area, December 1948 - May 1950           25 May 1950


Director of the Institute of Meteoritics and Head of the Department of
Mathematics and Astronomy at the University of New Mexico. He was Re­
search Mathematician at the New Mexico Proving Grounds under an OSRD
appointment in 1943 and 1944, and Technical Director of the Operations
Analysis Section, Headquarters, Second Air Force, 1944-45. Since 1943,
Dr* LaPaz has served on a voluntary basis as consultant for this Dis­
trict in connection with the green fireball investigations.

     4,   On 17 February 1949 and again on 14 October 1949, conferences
were held at Los Alamos, New Mexico, for tho purpose of discussing the
green fireball phenomena. Representatives of the following organizations
were present at these meetings: Fourth Army, Armed Forces Special Wea­
pons Project, University of New Mexico, Federal Bureau of Investigation,
U. S, Atomic Energy Commission, University of California, U. S# Air Force
Scientific Advisory Board, Geophysical Research Division Air Materiel
Command USAF, and the Office of Special Investigations (IG) USAF. A
logical explanation was not proffered with respect to the origin of the
green fireballs. It was, however, generally concluded that tho pheno­
mena existed and that they should be studied scientifically until these
occurrences have been satisfactorily explained. Further, that the
continued occurrence of unexplained phenomena of this nature in the
vicinity of sensitive installations is cause for concern.

     5.    The Geophysical Research Division, Air Materiel Command,
Cambridge, 'Massachusetts, lias recently let a contract to Land-Air, Inc.,
Holloman AFB, Alamogordo, New Mexico, for a limited scientific study of
green fireballs. The results of this scientific approach to the problem
will undoubtedly be of great value in determining the origin of these
phenomena.

     6.   This summary of observations of aerial phenomena has been
prepared for the purpose of re-emphasizing and reiterating the fact
that phenomena have continuously occurred in the New Mexico skies
during the past 18 months and arc continuing to occur, and, secondly,
that these phenomena are occurring in the vicinity of sensitive mili­
tary and government installations.


4 Incls                                       DOYLE/REES
  1. Summary of Sightings                     Lt Colonel, USAF
  2. Photo of Sighting No. 175                District Commander
        w/comments
  3. Ltr fr Dr. LaPaz to Lt Col
        Rees, dtd 23 May 50
  4. Graph indicating maximums

                                     2
                          CONriDENTIAb
                            CONFIDENTIAL

File No: (24-8)-28
Subj: Summary of Observations of Aerial Phenomena in
       the Nev/ Mexico Area, December 1948 - May 1950                   25 May 1950


DISTRIBUTION:
  £ cys, Director of Special Investigations, Headquarters USAF
  1 ev-,-GG7 Air-Materiel Cow.and, Vfr ight-Pattereon-AFB ^ Ohio
         AT-TN?—Director of Technical Intelligence
  1 cy, CG, Special Weapons Command, Kirtland AFB, New Mexico
  1 cy, CG, Armed Services Special Weapons Project, Sandia Base,
        New Mexico. ATTN: J-2
  1—ey, _QG, -Headquarters-,- Fourth Army , Ft. Sam-Ecuston ,- Texas.
        ATBH—AG of     G^2-
  1 cy, CO, Holloman AFB, New Mexico
  1 cy-, -CG-,—Air-Feroe -Cambr idge Research Laborator ias, C ambridge , Mas a.
  1 cy, Director, Security Division, U. S. Atomic Energy Commission,
        Los Alamos, New Mexico. ATTN: Mr. B. 0. Wells
  1 cy, Federal Bureau of Investigation, El Paso, Texas
  1 cy, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Albuquerque, New Mexico
  1 ej^--Adr^orce Scientif ie Adv isory Boar d, -Pentc- gon - Bui Idi-ng


                                      g, Executive Dlrcctor,- Committee on

  1 cy, File


                             CONFIDENTIAL
                                  THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
                                             ALBUQUERQUE

INSTITUTE OF METEORITICS


                                                                     May 23, 1950


        To:     Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
                17th District, 0. S. I.

        From:     Lincoln LaPaz, Director
                  Institute of Meteoritics

        Subject:     Anomalous Luminous Phenomena (Seventh Report)


              1.   In the second report of this series, dated 1948, December 20, the
        writer listed ten significant differences between the bright green horizon­
        tally-moving fireballs observed in the interval 1948, December 5-20, and
        typical meteors. These differences were the following:

                     (1) The horizontal nature of the paths of most of the December
                fireballs is most unusual. Genuine meteors are rarely observed to move
                in horizontal paths.

                     (2) Again the very low height of the December fireball discussed
                in section 2 above sets it off in sharp contrast from the genuine
                meteors for which heights of the order of 40 or more miles are nor­
                mally observed.

                     (3) The velocity determined for the fireball of December 12 is
                much less than the velocities determined from typical meteors (and
                yet is considerably greater than the speeds of the V-2 Rockets or
                jet planes or of conventional flares).

                     (4) In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels
                as that determined for the fireball of December 12, the observed lu­
                minous phenomena are always accompanied by very violent noises. No
                noises whatever have been observed in connection with the various
                December fireballs so far investigated. (Note added on 1950, May 23s
                Possible exceptions to the noiselessness of green fireballs are the
                incidents of 1949, January 30, and 1949, December 4.)

                     (0) Genuine meteors normally show remarkable variations in
                brightness, beginning as Tine thin hair lines, which are scarcely
                visible to the observer, and then brightening up to flash out near
                the end of their paths. In the case of the December fireballs most
                of the observers have reported that the green balls appeared almost
                instantly at their full brightness.


                                      CQNriDENTtAt-
                  .A       -fcOiirWfflAh ।
       I

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees - Page 2
Subj: Anomalous Luminous 1'henomena (seventh Report)     -^y 23, 1950


         (6) In the case of genuine meteors the paths are directed to-
    ward all points of the compass with equal frequency* On the contrary
    in the case of the green fireballs, plots of admissible approach, sec­
    tors show that there is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to
    come in from the north half of the s?y.

         ( 7) The throe groups of anomalous reenish luminous phenomena
    show a curious association with well krown meteor showers, although
    none of these meteor showers normally produce extremely bright green
    fireballs, such as these recently observed. For example, the obser­
    vation mentioned by Hr. Honnig appeared near the maximum of the
    Quadrant!d shower of early January, ’r. I-cCullough’s observation of
    August was near the time of the Pers id shower and the December
    observations all fell in the interval covered by the Gominid shower.
    This relationship mi~ht indicate an attempt bo render the green fire­
    balls less conspicuous by causing them to appear only when there is
    considerable meteoric activity.

           (8) As noted in an earlier communication, the remarkably vivid
     green color reported for most of the December fireballs is rarely
     observed in the case of gen”tic meteors. By laboratory test this
     peculiar color seems to bo identical with that given off by copper
     salts in the blowpipe flame. If this identification is correctj
     the wave length of the radiation from the green fireballs is near
      A. -5218&.

          (9) The duration estimates of between 2 and 3 seconds reported
     for the green fireballs arc considerably longer than those (0.4 -
     0.5 seconds) for the ordinary visual rotcors, but shorter than the
     duration estimates invariably reported in the case of a genuine
     meteorite fall (5 to 30 seconds or even longer).

          (10) For none of the green fireballs has a train of sparks or
     a dust cloud been reported. This contrasts sharply with the be­
     havior noted in case of meteoric fireballs—particularly those
     that penetrate to the very low levels where the green fireball of
     December 12 was observed.

      2.     In the year and a half since this list was prepared, many ad­
ditional observations have been made, the total number of objects new
accented as belonging in the green fireball category being 72. (Al­
though this number constitutes nearly 50/* of the incidents listed in the
accompanying ^uBrnarp, it constitutes less than 5% of the total number of
12i§£££2J12^. observations reported to the writer.) Critical analysis of
all green fireball reports now available shows that only cnc of the
statements in the list given in paragraph 1 needs to be modified,
namely, item (1). Within the last year, a considerable number of the
green fireballs have appeared to fall vertically downward rather than


                            CnNFIDENTIM-
                            CONFIDENT! Ab


To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees - Page 3
Subj: Anomalous Luminous Phenomena (Seventh Report)      May 23, 1950


to move horizontally. However, a strictly vertical infall is also very
rarely observed in the case of genuine meteor falls.

      3.  An analysis just completed of the time distribution of the green
fireballs so far observed permits us to add an 11th item to the list of
differences given in paragraph 1 above. The graph of frequency versus
local time which accompanies the present report shows that the maximum
frequency of sighting of green fireballs (occurring at approximately
2030) coincides in time with neither the frequency maximum for ordinary
meteors (occurring at approximately 0300; nor the frequency maximum for
meteorite falls (occurring at approximately 1600).

     4.   Inspection of the graph referred to in paragraph 3 also will
show that most of the green fireballs have been sighted in a time inter­
val extending from about 5 p.m. to 11 p.m. (MST). This concentration
might be even more pronounced if it were possible bo screen out of the
secondary maximum, around 2 a.m. (MS?), all ordinary meteors which have
been mistakenly identified as green fireballs. That such misidentifica­
tion has occurred is strongly suggested, by the near coincidence in time
of the secondary maximum of the green fireballs and the well established
early morning maximum of the ordinary meteors.

     5.    Some significance may attach to the fact that the tine interval
alluded to in paragraph 4 extends from about 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Ural
region of tho USSR. Since missiles moving with velocities of the order
of those found for the green fireballs for which real path determinations
have been possible would travel from the southern Urals to Hew Mexico in
less than 15 minutes, a possible interpretation of the concentration of
sightings referred to in paragraph 4 is that the green fireballs result
from guided missiles launched from basos in the Urals in the morning
hours before cloudiness duo to convection or blinding afternoon dust
storms car. interfere with non—radar tracking, such as has been used by
the Optical Trajectory Section at White Sands Proving Ground.

     6.    There is also a pronounced concentration of green fireball
incidents on the four days, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, almost
all of the most widely observed incidents having occurred on Saturday
or Sunday.

     7.   It is a curious and fairly well-established fact that there
has been a distinct decline in the number of green fireball sightings
during the last two months, within which the number of so-called "fly­
ing saucer" incidents in this region has attained an all-time high.

     8.   Although I have recently received from Dr. Joseph Kaplan of the
Scientific Advisory Board a letter containing the statement "Frankly, I
don’t know of any U. S. experiments that would result in the appearance
of those unconventional objects, and neither docs Von Karman". I still


                            CONFIDZNTl.^
                            OONEIDENTIAL tf

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees - Page 4
Subj: Anomalous Luminous Phenomena (Seventh Report)     ‘Say 23, 1950


consider the most probable explanation of the green fireballs to he the
one given in the first of the three para ;ra' hs below which are quoted
from my letter of 1950, February 20, to Dr. P. H. /yckoff, Chief atmos­
pheric Physics Laboratory, Base Directorate for Geophysical Research.
The last two paragraphs quoted below well summarize my recommendations
concerning the green fireball problem:

           ”As a preliminary to setting down the project recommendations
     which you requested, I have very carefully reviewed all available
     fireball data (observers’ reports, transit measurements, calculated
     real paths, etc.) covering incidents from those of December 5, 1948
     to the extraordinary incident of February 7, 1950, which has been
     under intensive investigation for the last two weeks. As a result
     of this comprehensive review, particularly as it relates to the in­
     cident of February 7, 1950, I feol compelled to write you in some­
     what different terms concerning my ov/n part in the proposed fireball
     project than I had in mind when we last discussed this matter. In
     brief, I have come to the conclusion that, on the basis of the
     evidence now available to mo, I would not he justified in recommend­
     ing a fireball project. In my opinion, this evidence proves conclu­
      sively that the fireballs reported on fall into one of two categories:
     Those of the first category (the majority) are meteorite falls of
     unusual, but certainly not of impossible, magnitude, frequency and
     other characteristics; those of the second category (the minority)
     are U. S. guided missiles undergoing tests in the neighborhoods of
     the sensitive installations they arc designed to defend. This
      interpretation of the latter category is the one that I proposed in
     ansv/er to a question raised by Dr. Teller at the first Los Alejos
     conference on February 17, 1949. It was not taken seriously then
     and I doubt that it will be taken seriously at the present time.
      However, even if my interpretation of the unconventional fireballs
      is the correct one, it is obvious that those in position to confirm
      it should refuse to do so.”

          "Only one ether point need be stressed, namely, that if I am
     wrong in interpretin'* the guided missiles as of U. S. origin, then
     certainly intensive, systematic investigation of those objects
     should not be delayed until the termina cion of the present academic
     year. Recent international developments compel one to sense the
     imperative necessity of immediate investigation of the unconvention­
     al green fireballs, in case you are in possession of infcreation
     proving that they are not U. S. missiles.”

          ”If such an immediate investigation were to bo undertaker, I
     would recommend that Dr. Fred L. Chippie, of harvard College Obser­
     vatory, be placed in charge of the photographic phase of the inves­
     tigation; that Dr. Peter h. Milman, of the Dominion Observatory,
     he placed in charge of the spectrographic phase of the investigation;


                            CONFIDENTIAL
To: Lt* Colonel Doyle Rees - Pa3c 5
Sub j: Anomalous Luminous Phenomena (Seventh Report)    ray 23, 1950


    that Dr# L# A. Planning, of Stanford, and Dr. Dillman be placed in.
    charge of the radar investigation; and, finally, that Dr. fill icon
    Crozier, of the New Mexico School of Dines, be placed in charge of
    dust collection and identification. On the basis of many intensive
    field surveys, I do not anticipate that ground search will load to
    any recoveries, but in ease such ground search is to be attempted,
    it should be carried out on the scale stressed in my conversations
    with you and Major Oder last month.”

     9.   Although the above paragraphs were written some months ago, the
recommendations contained in them arc the ones I would urge you to con­
sider at the present time. In conclusion, I should like to repeat the
offer made at the end of my letter of February 20 to Dr. Wyckoff, namely
to serve, if needed, as consultant on the green fireball project as
suggested in Major Oder’s letter to me under date of November 29, 1949,
with the stipulation, however, that my service be on a voluntary basis
rather than on tbs (40 per day contract specified in Major Oder’s letter.


                                      Lincoln LaPaz, Director
                                      Institute of Ibtcoritic
                                      University of Mow Mexico


                          CONblDENTIAl
                     20X20 FER INCH             THE FREDERICK ROST CO


$

V»


0 16


*
     8


     o
     It   18       2                  10   12
               TIME OF   SIGHTINGS
               Sighting No. 175

Photograph of Unknown Aerial Phenomena taken at Datil,
New Mexico by Cpl Lertis E. Stanfield, Holloman Air Force
Base, New Mexico on 24 and 25 Feb 1950. An analysis of
the above photograph was made by Dr. Lincoln LaFaz, Head
of the Institute of ifeteoritics, University of New Mexico,
Albuquerque, New Mexico, who reached the following con-
clusions:

     a.   The angular diameter of the perfectly round
          luminous object Stanfield observed was approx­
          imately 1/4 of a degree.

     b.   The angular velocity of the object in the sky
          was greater than half a degree per minute.

 Dr. LaPaz stated that on the basis of the results (a)
 and (b) above, the object seen by Stanfield was not the
 moon (for the angular diameter is too small), it was not
 Venus or any other planet (for the angular diameter was
 too large), and it was not a bright fixed star slightly
 out of focus (for the observed rate of motion is double
 that due to the diurnal rotation of the earth).
           This image contains all the
                                                                                                                                —                                  1


         information on the document.
                                                                                                                                                • .•th”


                                                         the 17                J Of ice                                                                           Force base, Lot       Mexico


                                         P    fl
                                        •H    ©             ®                                           rd Cd
                             'H    W                                                                     rf O
                              o    fl
                                        rQ
                                              fl
                                              O
                                                            o
                                                                                    -p   c   .          -p -H              fl                                                                      c

    5                         fl
                                   ©
                                   >     Cj   13
                                                     rH <<4 Q
                                                      d O fl
                                                                     £ -H GO
                                                                     C -P t!
                                                                     % O rH
                                                                                     G 3            0) O Ik
                                                                                                    CQ K O
                                                                                                                           °          o     d                                       g
                                                                                                                                                                                                   fl
                                                                                                                                                                                                   ©    /
                              O    fl                 fl    fl                       fl -P                                            •p    ^                          fl           fl ^
               o                                      o d Cj         d o fa          aS -h          fl °H >                            cd   ©     §        Cm          © ©
              -p                                      C ? o          P. fl           Pm-P                                              fl   w                          CU N
    —*                             6    *
                                              Ch
                                              o
                                                      O fl O
                                                     o < a
                                                                     Cu-H <w
                                                                     <     o
                                                                                     ^rS            6
                                                                                                    O
                                                                                                        o   o
                                                                                                            -P
                                                                                                                                                  o                    Pm «H        Pm Pu

                                                                                                                           EH-
           ,1043
1           ] $ Jan 2300       1        LI         Joint of       --Imos’; ver­                   35° above      brilli­            2-3         J one              Compare
                                                   impact on      tical des­                      Horizon        ant                secs .                         w/nlanet
                                                   line be*       cent fol­                       Descend-       white                                             Venus on
                                                   tween          lowed by                                                                                         unusually
                                                   -rest and      "bouncing"                                                                                       clear
                                                   Liev           1: to 3
                                                                                                                                •

2          latter APP-         1        IL         Vaughn,                        400 ’ -         - 'escond-      r‘                            Lone      Round    .Larger    Descending         . ^lodell
           rart   2000                             Kev/ !‘.exi-                   5001             iiv slow­                                                       than       slowly
           1947                                    cc                                              ly ir                                                           basketball
                                                                                                  vertical
                                                                                                  manner

           1948
3          2'7 Jul 00 o5       1        R          Albuquer­                                                     Dura*-                         Lone      Flat                 stationary
                   0845                            que , Hot                                                     lumi-                                    and                  at times
                                                   Eexico                                                        nura                                     round
                                                                                                                 reflec­
                                                                                                                 ted
                                                                                                                 light

4          4 Aug      C200     2        Unk        North Pow­ iff to 3E           5500’           Horizontal     Green                                             Softball - 720                Extingui­
                       &                           der ^Oregon                                    lino                                                                        mph                shed
                      0300

          LI G^TD:
                ♦reliability of Observers:                                                         R - Reliable        Uni: - Unknown

                ♦♦Evaluation:                 (1) "Green Fireball Phenomena"                     (2) "Disk" or Variation            (3) Probable eteor
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pa^
                                                                                                     CONFIDENTIAL
                                        S W 1              8
                                     i -P ’-                                                                                       *    c 4   £
                                     : ‘H Q                                                     rH   ri                                  o    c
                                  ce H 1 >
                              : o ^ ; ’H                                            -P o        J 5 -ri                                                              ‘    P                                         <
                                                                                                                                   ;    54 -P
                              ■      i    O          fl CrH O   1      5m *H <□      W
                                                            W          O O .H                                           1 °
                                     j d co
                                                                i      ^ O rd       $M JO
                                                                                              © O
                                                                                              W N Q                                                          o
                                                                                                                                                                                                  c
          ©                   to o             •     o co ; j   i      d      ,     cj        t '^ >           c                        o.5   ©
                    ci                ’ 9 '                                                                                                                  Pm                                   v6   O
                                                     goo                              -P                       f:
                              i r> ,o jfl Q-! 1      o k o             P< r! Q4     Pmr7      GOO         i    °                        ^ r^       o
                                      } * o j        O .^ o
       LJzL                                                            < £4 O                 Q ? -P           o                                                     j    <4 co                    : co
       hjzc                                                                                                             f-------
                                             1
' 5    >24 Get Alight j 1                Unk j -Voeniz,             2 to -                                    dr eon                   75                            j ^-car                very slow            Became verj^
                                             > Arizona                                                                                                                                                           bright and
               F    ..    .                                                                                                                                                                                      fell arart [
       8 or  App j i                     R         Vaur.bn,                       4001 -    !descending       Bright                              rore     Round i Larger                   Descending           ~::--lodcd     i
       4 Kov 2200                                                                 500’      ; jlowly in       ‘•kite                                               t_'.an cas-              slowlv
                  i                                Mexico                                     vertical                                                           ; kctball
                                                                                            naanrer
                                                                                                                                                              t---- -- ---
  7    TO :ov APP              1         R         V aughn,                       400’ -    Descending Bright                                     Lone     Round              Larger                Doscending   -rrlod.
              2200                                 lien                           500’      si owl’’ in white                                                                 than has- slowly
                                                   Mexico                                   vertical                                                                          ketbcll
                                                                                            manner                                                       . ....... ......— . . ..... ......... . ..
  8    5 Dec       2135        2         R         Las Vegas, A to -              Slightly Horizontal         Vhitish                  F ew                                                                      Disappeared 1
                                                   Hen Mexico                     above    slightly           orange                   secs
                                                                                  9,000’   descending

       5 Pec    App            2         R         Albuquer­    Ho move­          19,500’   Parabolic         Green     fes            2          Kone    Round                                                  Faded out    # •
                2200                               que, Ten     ment                        curve                                      secs
                                                                noted

 10    0 Dec       2255        1         Unk       Sandia           E to IT                 Slight            Groen     fes ’ 2—3 None                    Round          1/3 dia-           Rapid                Vanished
                                                   Base,New                                 falling                           secs j                                     meter of
                                                   Mexico                                   arch                                                                         moon

  11   8 Dec                   2         VR      Las vegas, j LEE to NSW 1 13,500’          horizontal * Bright fes                    2      IT one                     Larger             Rapid rate ; Faded out
                                                 New                                                     green 1                       sees «                            than a             of speed ’
                                     :           I exico- ---- _L
                                               -----------                                             i                                                                 flare          j


                                                                                              geNFIDENTIAL
                                 s             Unknown Aerial                    17th I


                          *<H   CO                        o
                          • o   r<
                                                  h (.-• e
                                                                 -pox   :
                                                                  £ -H to
                                                                                                      -P T »
                                                                                                       £ -P                   0        6   d
                                                                                                                                                                    s              45          0   $

                                      Cl) to      cd   O 5-4     0 4-' *H                          0) 0 £                              £   t                         G                         £     J
  ©                                  •H rQ                       £ O rH         $« 45              MN©                                                   Q           74                        C   p4 ■
  1                                               GO cG                                            7 ’H >           0         •H ’.H   d   ©     g       Q4          d 0            GJ   O
                                                  £ y o                         P4-P                                           Ci G                                  74 N
                                                                  04-H          P-tH               0 0 7.          0           7. £              O                   P. -H          rC
         aS
                                     *’   O       o    <o        <1 Q    O                         0^0             0          fn rn             co

  12 j 1948
       11 I5ec 1930                  . Unk       Hood liver,                                                   j Blue &                                 Flash                                Flash .//tf
                                                 Oregon                                                        ; white                                                                       like thaw?

! 1s   12 Dec 2102          5                    15 rilles      2 to -       j - 10              Horizontal    Very                    2.1-    h one    Dall      kasnitude                  Broke into
                                                  south of                   miles                             c r i g n i»            2 *3                       -4'                        or 4 small
                                                  las Vegas,                                                   green                   secs                                                  fragments &
                                                 ifew Mexico                                                                                                                                 disappeared
                                                                             .................
114    20 Doc 12051         4        R           I.os Alamos    VI to A      Great    20° to the               Laie       Yes          1-1/2 N one      Dall      Basketball high speed      Disappeared
                                                 Jew -Texico                 height   horizon                  • •reen or              secs                                                  behind
                                                                             descend­                          bluish                                                                        mountain
                                                                             ing                               white                                                     ___ __ _ ____

  15   23 Doc 0431          1                    Los Alamos, N to 3          Descend­ Descending               w..ite                  oev.    Lone           r   □tar          slower uaan Disappcaredj
                                      -                                                                                                                                         falling     w/greenish!
                                                 new Hezico                  ed from in verti­                                         secs
                                                                             hi^h alt cal path.                                                                                 star        flash.    1
                                                                             to 6000’
       1943
  16   6 Jan       1750     1         Unk        Albuquerque S3 to ITT       1500’ -             Horizontal    Bright                          None     Dia­       App. 2’ Much faster Disappeared
                                                 Lew Mexico                  2000’                             white                                    mond      ..long. than a jet

  17   6 Jan       0310     1         R          Los A.lews. E to VI         3 to 5° Horizontal                 Brilli­                2       None                             high speed   Disappeared
                                                 New Mexico                  Aron ob­                           ant                    secs                                                  behind
                                                                             server                             green                                                                        mountainous
                                                                                                                                                                                             horizon

  18 .30 Jan ;1754          App link             SI Paso,       Nil to 32    3° - 5°             horizontal    Green                           11 one   Ball                                 Broke into
                            200                  Texas                       above                                                                                                           pieces
               i
               t                                                             horizon

                                                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                           ONFIDENTIAE
    ■ mmry                                                                                                                                                         Pa^e 4

                                                                                                              ‘ch   n
                                                                                                                                 1
                    ^•i w
                                O
                            r-l >
                                                  o
                                                  o
                                                                                 rH
                                                                                  d
                                                                                      d
                                                                                      O
                                                                                                               o    o                                                           t
1                    O      •H *                       -P  O 4*1         o       -P                             r- -?                                   i -p                  ° J
                                                          ’H tO      fl 'O                            o         O co
                            6   n         d   o        0     -H               ©CQ ot4 bQ                      i-H >                          °
i O                  o £ •H „O                         f« O rH                                        ^   h   '-P e nJ
                2   /J O rd O         o d P            d 0                    5a *H J>                          d 0
                                                                                                                     $                       3 Q          0    Q
                     S Q r0i Ch       M 0 o            P» Sa                                 r’:                !h CO                           N         P4 £
                                      0 Jh o           P.-H Q.<               o 8 c           0                                              Pa
                       o •X           o    o           <n o                                  o                fcX ; DO                       ^ co
                                                                                            h™.x...              !;^;:=
       19-19
r 19   30 Jan               xk      Roswell,          U to B       20001     Horizontal     blue-                       ;HonC                           Hoving              fisappearX
                    200             Kev/ Mexico                                             green                                                       slowly              to sone.
                                                                                                                                                                            Disintegra­
i                                                                                                                                                                           ted into
                                                                                                                                                                            shov/er of
                                                                                                                                                                            smaller          \
                                                                                                                                                                            lighted
                                                                                                                                                                            fragment s

1 20   30 Jail Apo App Unk          Alamogordo,       L to J       Angle of Gentle          Green                       Hone         Jail                                        ed to
               1300 200 & R         Hew Mexico                     ClOVe    descent                            15                                                           fizz 1c oujdjw
                                                                   15c-30°                                     secs
                                                                   from 03-
                                                                   sorv r •

i 21   30 Jan 1354 10       Unk     ft. 'Torth.       IT to S      13"       30° down­      Green • Fes       V         if one              1/3                             Disk
              1900                  Toxas                          above     ward from      trail-                                          size of                         tion
                                                                   horizon   horizon        Ing                sues                         full moon
                                                                                            sparks

i 22   14 Feb 1840 2        Unk     Canado,                        Some­     Stationary bril­     res                   Jone                            Stationary
                                    row Mexico                     what      then fell   liant                                                          then fell
                                                                   above     in slight   white                                                          in slight
                                                                   horizon   curve to VI slight­                                                        curve to
                                      X
                                                                                         ly green
                                                                                         color


                                                                               CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                                                                           fflDENTIAE

nummary o:                                                                                 x               1? Ln ' :
                            . K- - y.y . ................ .......... .. ...............
                             P
                                                                       o
                        co Mi
                     C -•                                              o                         a p                        d   o
                                     L                                                     pox:           P o
                      O JL.
                                                               ch      o                       £ -H CO
                            p        u                                                                                                        °         i
                      o £ c^         to                 d O P                                  O P -H                   O    O k
                                                        P   ^                                  5h O rH     p P          W    N O               r h
o
       o        Q    ,o  o Mi
                                ’
                                    r'                  O d P                                              d -h             -H >      G       •H -H
       p        F-    §  W o                            £OO                                                P. P                      r-1       C$ 05                           cl
       d       •JI         r^ Cm                        O p o                              p.i -H Ch       P^rH         O   O   O     O       Sh   Sm                    c
               in    ■ • o * o                          O   O                              < Q o                                              EH E-i                    CO

      1949                  —
23    iTTob 1300 1           IM: Grants, Hew                                              Southward                  Vortical    L-.itc       Yes                       one   val
                                 Mexico                                                                              climb t. on                                                      ithan
                                                                                                                   : leveled off                                                      nctoo
                                                                                                                   ' Gradual
                                                                                                                     ascent

24    17 ?cb                VI                Albuquerque, "T to E                                                                  Bril-                               one   Round J. lunar                   Lisappoarod
                     100                      Hot : crico                                                                           1 iant                                    shift- hia~ctcr
                                                                                                                                    vmitc                                     in 3 to I
                                                                                                                                    shift­                                    ellipse; .
                                                                                                                                    in'- to
                                                                                                                                    noach
                                                                                                                                    color
                                                                                                                                                                   t
25    27 Feb 1905 1          R                Los Ala.os,                                 II to E                      Parallel     Grocn-                                                      I not              appeal
                                              Nev/ Mexico                                                              to earth     whi tc                  sees •                              I meteor      • abruptly

26    2 liar   0010 1        p
                             XL               Los Alamos,                                 N to S         "Low in       Horizontal   Light ;                 2          Hone                      Very fast    [Disappeared l (1)
                                              NqxJIcxIqo                                                 sky”                                               sees                                              I behind trees ’ (o.

27    3 liar 015 9 1                          Lo s --la. .io s,                           Straight                     Straight     fright                                                                    [Disappeared     (1
     ____ _ -j                                How Mexico                                  dov/n                        down                                                           1

23    6 Mar    2100 2        Unk              Camp Mood,                                  ?ron           -rom 6°                    Blue- i ics j                      None’ Oblcng       by I1 i Not known
                                              Texas                                       H 74° W        45 f                       white [
                                                                                          N 81° W        above                      light ‘
                                                                                                         horizon                                :


                                                                                                                            GONHBENTfAE
kP^riar^


                                                                                                                                                                        :   -P                     ?   O   c:        I


 2                  f                    °    P     ?     P4-H Ch         2<-i    ;         o O o       O        < H                  P   ‘        O           r        .   j—< . •m               t   to • 1 ;. •
                                                                    ,
                                                                                                                                                                        i                          ;     .ad
     nc49                                                                                                                                                                        ...............
2 S' !6 lfe.r •2G20 12         (Unk iCai op Hood,       li 40° E    j 5 9° ab ovci                  Bluc-                         pone            (Ball    • Basketball "Fixed
                    5               ’Texas                          • ho r i z on »                 :wh it o                                      ilike                (flash"
                    J. -....                                                                                                                       flash
                                                                                                                                                                        .
50   / .‘ ar   2045 i1         (Unk ’Camp hood,         Prom        From 21° j                        =Light  Yes                 b i one         Hound j^bcut 10
                                    । Texas             S 810 w     i above    j                    ‘coloredi                     t               head   in length
                                                        to          (horizon   ’                    plead                                         with
                    1
                                                        S 60° W     (to 6°31’ |                     1 orange                      i               trail
                                                                    !above     *                    i brail

31   7 - ar    0115 1          Unk   Camp Hood,         N 40° E         63° 15’         '           pril-                         (None           Like     Flash bulk
                                     T exas                             above           j           jliant *                                      flash
                                                                        horizon         *           jbluc- j                                      blub


32   7 Mar i0130 1             Unk   Carp Hood,         N 16° IT        27° 30’     i               ! Bright i                        None        Like     Basketball "Fixed
                                     T exas                             above       i               jcluo-                                        flash               flash"
                                                                        horizon                     iwhite ,                                      bulb
                                                                                                                                          1
53   7 Liar    0133 2          Unk   Camp Hood,         S 20° 51        26°     i                   ।Bluish i                     •none pall               Flash bulb
               0200                  T exas                             above   i                     wee                         i     5 like                                                                       (3)
                                                                        horizon ’                                                         (flash

34   7 liar    0145 1          Unk   Camp Hood,         N 60° E                    propped    | Orange 5                   2          Hone        Tear­    2’ by 1’                                Disappeared i (31
                                     Texas                                        •vertically •                            sees                   drop                                             behind trees i
                                                                                  i‘to ground £                        i                      1
                                                                                                             —
Sumriarv

                                                                                                      rM d                                                                                I
                                                          o                   -p                         o                                                                          c.; J-.
                          o                                        p o                                                  ri                                p             '3           o d
                                                                                                        •O              C                                                                to
                            >                       d   o ^                          e ri        o    o                                                           :      O           $-4 Ox
o                         o J-1
                            Q
                                      •i i          to aS          d to
                                                                                        p        to   u s       ri
                                                                                                                o
                                                                                                                                  p ri
                                                                                                                                  » to                    d to
                                                                                                                                                                         ^ rd
                                                                                                                                                                         d to
                                                                                                                                                                                     to
                                                                                                                                                                                         d    to
                o
                            w                          to e                          e< p        3 ri                             ri ?    2                              Pt O        ri w     o
B
       Co                   £         cmto          S     o        P.-H                          o o o          6       ri   ri           O      .ri      P,-M
                                                                                                                                                          < 02
                                                                                                                                                                         G. CU
                                                                                                                                                                        <3 73
                                                                                                                                                                                     d ’H
                                                                                                                                                                                    ./. Q
                                                                                                                                                                                              ri
                                                                                                                                                                                              ©
                                      *      o                     <4«        G                  O ' i

     194 F"
     7 Par    1810' 1                 Unk        Hindov/ Rock, N                   '40 - 45°                 ,.ea       Yes       6-8    None   fall   3 ’ in dia- 2G0-300        Disintegra­
                                                 Arizona                            to hori­                 (fire)               secs          rcund- meter       mph            ted
                                                                                    zon                      in cen­                            spher-
                                                                                                             ter                                ical
                                                                                                             s • lading
                                                                                                             to blue
                                                                                                             at edge

              1836
                                      n          J.os Alarms,   S to IT            12,900*     Horizontal    Bright               1-2    Nene                     App 800         Dither went
36   8 Kar
                                                 sew Mexico                        to                        white                secs                            mph             cut or dis-
                                                                                   18,000'                   with                                                                 aDneared bc-
                                                                                                             green­                                                               hind cloud
                                                                                                             ish
                                                                                                             tint

37   8 liar   1835 1                  R          Los Alamos,    3 to N             4,000       Descending    Intense              Very none     ellipt­               Slower than Disappeared1
                                                 Nev? Mexico                       above       at 45°        white                short         ical                  twin-en­    behind trees
                                                                                   terrain     angle         1 ight                             pointec               gined plane
                                                                                                             alumi­                             at ends
                                                                                                             num
                                                                     ......                                  colored                                              ____________ _

38   o :kr     0103 1                 Enk        Camp Hood,     from               From 58° Traveled         Pale      Yes               Hone   Round-
                                                 Texas          S 58c E            above    in arc           white                              ish
                                                                 GO                horizon                   light                              head
                                                                                                                                                  A
                                                                                                                                                w/nazy
                                                                S 54° E            to 54°
                                  1                                                above                                                        smoke
                                                                                                                                                trail
              ---- -- —


                                                                                                  —
    villi’.
                                          ST cZ"

                                                                    o                                                     ci                           o ac                                                        i
                                         ! T    L ■                 o              Si P                                d o
                              ! O   Si !
                                                    i     rd Ch     0         -P   o       !   -P   O         •       -H *\J                Si                                                                 d cd
                              f     C? : :      O '                                                                                         c              g
                                         ’ ci   c :       0$   o    Si   i     O -P -H          O X           ‘    o c %                                                             o                         P
                              ; O   h
                                     :              ;
                                                          Si
                                                          O
                                                          £
                                                               d
                                                               O
                                                                    Si
                                                                    O
                                                                         i
                                                                         i
                                                                         !
                                                                               h o rd
                                                                               3 o fr
                                                                               fr Si
                                                                                           ;   S^ -P
                                                                                                S -h
                                                                                                          i
                                                                                                              1
                                                                                                                  0J ^ O
                                                                                                                  Si ‘^ ^
                                                                                                                   C Q O
                                                                                                                                       c    £              o
                                                                                                                                                       Si co
                                                                                                                                                                 £      ' 9                        ci   o
                                                                                                                                                                                                               a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   d
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0)
          Ci                  1 ^ rP !• Cm <H '           O    Si   o    j     fr • i fr       £, r-!                                                     rQ     o                                             $
                                         X- c                            •    <i Pl O      •   < x            :   o     •   -p                                          Ui                                              tJ

       1~9<9"
       “:—-r—
                                                                                                                                                   1
I 39                   0103             Uni             Camp Hood        {Fron             'From 15° p raveled in pale     [                                    one ». .omen                                Disappes
                                                        Texas            M 56 v/           I at ove    ,rc        {reddish:                                         ;-w/tail
                                                                         in 6^^ IT         1 orizon ’             Inose    j
                                                                         :                                        •whitish j
                                                                         1                                        irod
         ...........
       13 dar                  1       ; Unk i A lb1.?c ue re uc , j / 2 to SV" '20°                      Pose ending             ^Bluish ’Yes         2-4     Nene j Length f^- diameter
                                             {New Hoxieo {               or     iaheve                    is lightly              । or                              itwice
                                                                   I S7f to UE ihorizon                                           •green- •                         i dia-    racon
                                       1                                                                                          tish                              i mete r
                                       i                                                                                                                            ? of
i                                                                                                                                                                   ’ball

       14 ‘ar. 00-             1                        Airplane                           i6°-12°        {Horizontal                                  10      riCHC                           05
               00-                                      enroute                            jabove                                                                                              secs
I              162                                      fr Honolulu                                                                                                     bul­
                                                        to Can bon                                  000                                                                 let
                                                        Is          +
| 42   27 Far 1800 1                    Uhl             lucumcari,                         IHigh in                               {Amber   Lone {25            i. one   Long &                              Faded out in
              1805                                      Hew '.cxico                        | sly -app                                           lints                   narrow                              distance
•
                                                                                           130$ above
                                                                                           {horizon                              •7-
!45
       27 Kar 1800 nX                   Unk                boya>             E to W        {About 75°i                           •‘Grange I Kone       10      None     Long & {Length-                     Faded cut in
                                                        Lew hcxico                         {above                                j flame I             i-ts             narrow {about 1/6
                                                                                                                                                                               {lunar dia-

t                                                                                                                                                                                  k/idth-aboutj
i                                                                                                                                                                              ..-.dLcLiSH^^
                                                                                                                      .ONnDENTW
                                                                                                                         ----------------- -- --------------------------------


 umary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (contd)                                                                                                                                                             Page 10
                                                      'W                                                                                                     r ■ . ...............
                                               : -P    fc                                                                  1                   i             i ^ £
       i                                         •H    O                                                            d                                           0 o
                                           w                             o                                          O                                                 •H
                                     = °
                                           o iS 2               h ch     o
                                                                             !
                                                                             i
                                                                                   -P C ^
                                                                                   a -h to
                                                                                                 -p ©          -P
                                                                                                                    45
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 O erf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ©
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I
                                           >                    aS o     ^          Q -p -H                Q   O                                                                                                                                 ^ P;
 ©                                             ; 'H rO          ^        ~          Sh O r-4      ^ -P           O                                                                     HO                                                        © 04
                                               : rd O           © ©      P          Cj ©                   ^. -H >                 o            ! »H *H          erf   o                §                  j     erf   ©       d   ©             d erf ©
                                         w5 0                   £ ©      O                                                 !      r-i          • erf erf                                        erf    1               «       Ph O              p w o
                                               Ch               ©   Sh   o   !       & -H 4h               o o o                   o           • i £           P eO                     O                                      Cm Cm
                                     Lei $ = * O
K •                                                                                  < a o                 o >4 -p         I      °                            Q O                             CO      I                      *3 CO

            1949        1
51         12 Apr •1930                        k&k A lb v rue roue, se to in                   20° above                   I Tillite            Pone            8                    Lone     hound            l/S size     15° in 8       Extinguished        (1)
Ma<*                                               i evj evico                                 horizon                                          —               secs                                           of noon      secs

52         15 Apr 1330 1                       Unk          Pl Paso,             Straight      About 3CP                       Gray­            Yes            15                    1 one    Thin         Very thin                      Dissipated           (2)
                                                            Texas                up                                            ish                             mts                            smoke
                   —                                                                                                                                                                          trail

           18 Apr 0148 2                       R            flagstaff            W             A?p                             Green­                           1-2 i: one                    Ball             100 watt                   Disappeared      ।
                                                            & ’’Jillians,                      12,000’                         ish                              secs                          like             light bulb                 behind
                                                            Arizona                            to one.                         blue                                                                                                       obstacle
                                                                                               75 - 100
                                                                                               miles to
                                                                                               other
                                                                                               observer

54         22 Apr 0905 1                       Anh          Cliff, Hew       71 to E           20° drop­                       Alum­            hone           2                     None     Round, Over 15’                             Disappeared          (2)
                                                            Mexico                             ping                            inum                            Hits                           flat   in dia­                              behind
                                                                                               slowly                                                                                         thin, meter                                 mountains
                                                                                                                                                                                              disc­
                   . ■••/fUK^ ....                                                                                                                                                            shape

55         24 Apr : 1033 5                     VR           ..’kite Sands, ii                  25-29°                       ’Trite                             60                    17 one   Ellip­                        Tremendous    Disappeared          (2)
                                                            Hew Mexico                                                       light i                           secs                           soid                          rate of       due to
                                                                                                                           ..yeiip^. J                                                                                      speed         distance
53 i 25 Api’ 0C30 2                                                                                                                                                                                                         Very fast     Disappeared          Th
                                               Un]:         Springer,            2 groups      'Tell                           Silver/ None                    4      Yes                     Round            Very
   i                                                        Kev; Mexico          going u       above                           white '                         grps                                            snail        well above    from view
   i                                                                             2 groups      30,000’                                                         tot­                                                         speed of
                                                                                 going 2                                                                       aling                                                        sound
                                           |                                                                                                                   about;
                                                                                                                                                               20 sec
                                                                                                                                   Ill


 Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District CSI (cont)                                                                                            Page 11
                      ■jaiztf.'Hsr


                                     -P 5m
                      Ah co5m        •rd ©
                                     rd >
                                                                                                    05                        o o
                       O             •H 5m                         £
                                                             -p o ,^              ©
                                                                                               aS
                                                                                                                   5m
                                                                                                                                 •H
                                                                                                                              d -p                                -p
                                                                                                                                                                                 i   ^
                                                                                                                                                                                     o d
                                                                                                                                                                                          5m
                             O
                       5©m 5>m       ,O O
                                      Cd W
                                                H ^
                                                cd c
                                                      o
                                                      5<
                                                              £ -H to
                                                              O -P -H        ©
                                                                                                                   o          O Crf                                0                    ©
                                                                                                                             •H >                    ©             O                 5m 04
                                     •H ^        5k   54      ^ O H          5m           CQ   N    ©              £ rd      -p 5m                                Jk nJ              ©

               i      £      °       r-d O       ©dp          erf ©          CO                                                                                                         04
                      §      M                                                                             o       •rd -rd    cd o                   cd o        d O                    erf O
                                      o          doo
        cd                           « Ah        © 5m O
                                                             Pm 5m
                                                             0-H <h                       o o o            o
                                                                                                                   cd
                                                                                                                   5- 5m
                                                                                                                        cd    0 W                    Qa   m
                                                                                                                                                     04 -rd
                                                                                                                                                                 04 ©
                                                                                                                                                                 04 04
                                                                                                                                                                                     2  w O
                                                                                                                                                                                       •h d
        Q
                      HBm            *
                                     —
                                       o                     < .^ O                                        o                 n o                                 < CO            1   S Q cd
       1949
       28 Apr APP 3                  Unk     Tucson,       HE to SE ;                                    Silver   None (12            Hone (Cigar From D-29    300 - 600         Faded from
              1745                           Arizona
                                                                                                                             IM            •or sa« to a city
                                                                                                                                           .(usage (block
                                                                                                                                                               mph               view

                                                                                                                                           ishare I

j 58   50 Apr 2215                           Albuquerque   E to H        |59° above                      (Blue    H one       2 secs Hone pound (Tenth of      2 seconds         "lent. out     (1)
                                             Nev/ Mexico                 Jhoirijzc^                      green               (2°                (moon          2 decrees

       3 May                                               S to N           I10° - 15°                   Bright              10       Hone                     Very fast
                                             Nev; Mexico                     above                       white               secs                              up to
                                                                        .... Moxiizon _                  light                                                 1,000 mph

       3 Mav   2126                          Los Alamos    'S to          10° - 15°                      Thite               3 -      Hone        Large -      Very fast
               2143                          Nev/ Mexico                  above                                              secs                 similar
               2205                                                       horizon                                            each                 to size
                                                                                                                             time                 of air­
                                                                                                                                                  plane
                                                                                                                                                  landing
                                                                                                                                                  lights

       3 May   2126                          Los Alamos     ISE to        10° - 15°                      2123-               5 sec None            2126-base< Seme speed                        (1)
               2140                          Herz -ezico                  above                          white                                     ball dia­ as aircraft                        (3)
                                                                          horizon                        2140-               2 sec                 mond       ] ending
                                                                                                         red                 2nd                   lights.
                                                                                                                                                   2140-
                                                                                                                                                   slightly
                                                                                                                                                   larger
                                                                                                                                                   than
                                                                                                                                                   firebox
                                                                                                                                                   lights
    Summary of Sightings of unlmown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                                  Page ±5

                                   >: W
                                  -p fl                                                                                     c.d    a
                                  •H ©                 0                                    rd     «                         0     0                                                                      1
                       c_t   tn                        0                                     erf   0                                                                                                 0-1 fl
                        O    fl   •H   £-*                   •P O rfl     -P    Q                                 a                                                                                   O erf
1   fl                       o                  rd Cfl ©      £ -H to                       p -p                  0          O     erf                                                                   0
                       fl    >     erf w         erf O fl     © -p -H      CD           ®   0      a                        •rd    }>                                                                 fl cu
J   Q                  o     h    •A                          A O rH       fl 40        W   Nl Q          fl      fl rH     "P     ^                   0         fl              fl ^     \           O p.4         erf
           o                      r-d O          5 erf        oj cd        Crf «H                         e      •H -H       erf   O       8                     erf   0         erf Q    \           fl erf ©
                                   O             coo             fl                                               erf erf    fl    W                                             P-. O         f      3      O
                                  f^ ^           0^0          pq*H ^                    000               O       fl fl                   0                            -rd       04           '                    *
                  &4         o     * O          a 41 0       <4 Q O       c c           0 -p                     Ed Ed                    0                                                                        *


         2-21$
         6 HavV   2040 1          R          Camp Hood,     Vf and fl   App 1200'                      Alterna­ Hone 50                  N one        Round      >; dollar   Very slow             r?aded from     (2)
                  2130                       T exas                     dropping                       ting          mts                                         diminish­                         sight           (1)
                                                                        to 440'                        pinkish                                                   ing to
                                                                                                       to green                                                  short
                                                                                                                                                                 quarter
                                                                                                                                                      .. ——————— size

     3   6 May    0105 1          R          Los Alamos,    II to s     5° above Tas going             Green                Frac­ hone                Round APP 1/8   Very high                    Disappeared     (1)1
                                             Nev/ Mexico                horizon dorm at an                                  tion                            size of   rate of                      west of
                                                                                 angle of                                   of a                            full moon speed                        Jerne z Lfts.
                                                                                 30 '- 35°                                  sec

         7 Hay    2025 4          R          Camp Hood,     SE          1300’       I                  Green-*   L’ one 40               il one       Dia­    3 mils         Covered 15            Dimmed and      (2j
                  2105                       Texas                                                     white            mts                           mond    width          mils in               went out        (lj
                                                                                                                                                      shape                  40 mins,
                                                                                                                                                  j                          horiz.

         7 Hay    1940 1          R          Camp Hood,     N and E     1000’                          Reddish 11 one 57                 None         Dia­    3 mils         Covered 20            Dimmed and      (2:
                                             Texas                                                     greenish       sec                             mond    width          mils in               went out
                                                                                                       white                                          shape                  57 secs
                                                                                                                                         —                                   horiz.

    66   8 May    2008 1          R          Camp Hood,     N and 2     1600’                          Reddish Rone ?                    none         Dia­     2 mils        j 10 mils             Dimmed and      u:
                  2017                       Texas                                                     greenish     mts                               mond     width           in 9 mts            went ouf        (2;
                                                                                                        white

    67   8 W      0930 4          Unk        Tucson,        VI, 90°     4000 to     Horizontal Rhite             Hone 10-20 Hone                      Metal­ 40-75’ in        Lotionless           Climbed at      (2:
                                                                                                                                                             in dia­          to faster            45° angle              1
                  1100                       Arizona        turn to     20,000      then rapid                        mts                             lic
                                                            the N                   climb at                                                          circu­ meter            than jet             until out of
                                                                                    45° angle                                                         lar                                          sight

                                                                                              CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                                          CONFIDENTIAL
Summary of Sightings of Unlmown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                                Page 13

                               -P    H
                               •ri   0)               ©                                   r-i d                        o    o
                          w                               1                                ri O                                                                                      ^d   £
                     I0   L
                          ©
                               5     S
                                             r-l Ch   O
                                                               -p © r£
                                                                £ -H 60
                                                                            -p    ©       -P -H
                                                                                           £ -P              : °        O ri
                                                                                                                                                     •P               -p              o   ri
                                                                                                                                                                                          ©
h
o                    u    >
                          L
                                ri W
                               •H «O
                                              ri O    £         © -P «H
                                                                U O rH      £ -P
                                                                                        0 O £
                                                                                        W tq Q                £ r-i
                                                                                                                       •H >
                                                                                                                        P ^        nd
                                                                                                                                                     ©                o
                                                                                                                                                                      £ Tj
                                                                                                                                                                                     £
                                                                                                                                                                                     ©
                                                                                                                                                                                          PU
       ®         ©        Q)   H O           o d L              ri ©        ri ’^       £ 'H h>       o      •H 'H      ri Q        g       Ph       ri   ©           0$ ©           £ ri ©
       -O                 w     ©            £ © ©                                                            ri ri     ? j cO
                                                                            CU-P                                                                                      0. 0           c w ©
        ri                                   O £ O              ^•H<h       P. rd       0.0 0        o                              o
                                                                                                              ^ £       P r©                          P^-H            Ph CL,
       Q                  5    *     o       o < o             < Q   O                  o ~ -p               r-i E-i   Q o         CD                                                     q    S
                                                                            < <                      o                                     co        -< CO                                         *
             4
     1949
68   9 hay &pp
             11450
                     1         R          Tucson,
                                          Arizona
                                                              SH to KE                             Silvery   IT one 6-10
                                                                                                                    □ CCS
                                                                                                                                 lone     Round 251 in
                                                                                                                                          & flat diameter
                                                                                                                                                                    750-1000
                                                                                                                                                                    nph
                                                                                                                                                                                 faded from
                                                                                                                                                                                 view              (2) I
69   12 Hay 12115 1            VR         Alamogordo,                     3° or 4°                 ’Thite    Lone                a. one   2        Y diameter                    Vanished
                                          Nev/ Mexico                     above                    with                mins               fuz zv   of full
                                                                          horizon                   green­                                stars    moon
                                                                                                    ish
                                                                                                   tinge

70   16 Mav A op 1
          ' 11700
                               Unk        Tucson,
                                          Arizona
                                                              E to W      5000’       Horizontal   Black     Lone 8-10
                                                                                                                  secs
                                                                                                                                 H one    Round 3 - 4’ in
                                                                                                                                          solid diameter
                                                                                                                                                                    300-1000
                                                                                                                                                                    1IPH
                                                                                                                                                                                 Behind air­
                                                                                                                                                                                 craft
                                                                                                                                                                                                   ^1
                                                                                                                                          flat                                   hangar
                                                                                                   Green     Yes       1 sec w one        Dall of
71   2 Jun   0040 1            R          Los Alamos,
                                          lcv: Mexico
                                                              E to N      7000' -
                                                                          10,000’
                                                                                      Descending
                                                                                                                                          light                                                    >
72   11 Jun 2057 1             R          Los Alamos,         $J to KE    25c                      Green     Yes       4 - 5 None                  Size of                                         (1)
                                                                          above                    then                secs                        star
                                                                          horizon                  red at
                                                                                                   end of
                                                                                                   flight

                               R          Los Alamos,         '• to E                              Green    None 3               Nene     Round                                  Extinguished      (1)
     20 Jun 2010 1
                                          Nev; Mexico                                              turned        secs
                                                                                                   orange
                                                                                                   red be­
                                                                                                   fore va­
                           1
                                                                                                   nishing
74   20 Jun 12010 1            R          Los Alamos,     fr to e         Directly                 Blue       L one 1-1/2 Lono                                                   Vanished as   (1)
                                          Lev: Mexico                     overhead                 green            sees                                        1                tho e:ting’d*
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                            Page 14

      i
                                                                                                                              M    ri
                     i s-f   Vu r—1   P                                                                                       0    0
                                                                                                                                  •ri
                        O    ^i «H
                             ©’ JD
                                      ^
                                      ©     rd ^h ©
                                                           -p
                                                            C
                                                                O       1             f
                                                                                      I
                                                                                                -P -ri
                                                                                                   43
                                                                                                                     j ri      ri -P                       -p            -p
                                                                                                                                                                                        Ch
                                                                                                                                                                                        0
                                                                                                                                                                                             ri
                                                                                                                                                                                             ri       W
 ri   i              ! ri        ri W        ri o ri                          Ori          © 8 L                     •O        0 ri
                                                                                                                              •H ^                                       ©              ri   04
 ©    j              : O ^: -H
                     i   ©i r4 O
                                             ri
                                             © ri
                                                  ri       ri   O rH    *     h P     |    W N ©             ri     ’C        -P ri      *0                 ri           ri             ©    Pm
 6    1    -P        « E w ©                 COO
                                                           ri   O             ri -h   :    ri   -h >
                                                                                                            rH      : ri ri
                                                                                                                               ri 0       g     P<          ri 0         ri   ©         0    ri   ©
            cd                               o ri o        pi -i-i Cm        ci rri        000               O      :ri ri     ri co
                                                                                                                               ri ,0
                                                                                                                                                ri          ft N              ©         0 W 0
 s         Q          ^ O: * O              O <1 O                  o   •    ^ <                                                         0                  Pm -H
                                                           <    q
                                                                                                            °       ^ H       9-9-
                                                                                                                                         <9     CO
                      1
          1949
75        24 Jun 1545 2       iUnk        Desa,        .1 to SE                           4 horizon­     •j tee 1             4 at      None    Disc                  Max of 400       Faded from     1
                 1630                     Arizona       2 to E                            tal            gray                 30                u/2                   mph              view
                                                        3 to KE                           1 Vertical                          mts               flanges
                                                        4 vortical                                                            1 at
                                                        5 to E                                                                25
                                                                                                                              secs
                                                                        1
76        27 Jun 0138 1                   Albuquerque, ’T to E          i3O0 to                          Similar Yes          2         Jone    Round     Slightly    140° in          Kent behind        IS)
                                          Kev; Mexico                   ;90° .                           to star              mts                         larger      2 mts.           building
                                                                        ^bove                            Slightly                                         than
                                                                        ’horizon                         more                                             brightest
                                                                                                         orange                                           star

77        29 Jun 2010 1        Unk        Flagstaff,   e   to vr        30° from                         Yellow   Kone                  N one   Bullet 2 size of Relatively            Over a hill        (1)
                                          Arizona                       vertical                         in front                               shaped small air­ slow                                    (2)
                                                                                                         Red be­                                       plane
                                                                                                         hind

► 30 Jun 1630 1                R          Seligman,
                                          Arizona
                                                       N                30°
                                                                        above
                                                                                                         Dull
                                                                                                         grey
                                                                                                                     Hone 8
                                                                                                                          secs
                                                                                                                                        None    Circle Appeared
                                                                                                                                                       1J" dia­
                                                                                                                                                                      2,000 mph
                                                                                                                                                                      or faster
                                                                                                                                                                                       Disappeared
                                                                                                                                                                                       in distance
                                                                                                                                                                                                          (2)

                                                                        horizon                                                                        meter at
                                                                                                                                                       10,000’
                                                                                                                                                       altitude
                                                                                                                                                                                   !
79        11 Jul 2110 1        Unk        Camp Hood,   W by ®'              30°                          Pale        Hone 2             1 one   Ball - Twice as                        Such as            (3)
                                          Texas                             above                        red              secs                  but    large as                        turning off
                                                                            horizon                                                             not a evening                          flashlight
                                                                                                                                                per­   star
                                                                                                                                                fect
LJ                   --- ■—                                                                                                                     circle

                                                                                                 CO\nDENTIA&
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)                                                                          Page 15
                         F ^ W
                           P £
                          •H ©                                                rd (rf                       °   2                                                     i
                  ch   w  H >                 o                                cd O
                  o    £                      a      pox:        P   0)       P -H                         £ P                      p              p             o   cd
                       o                rH Ch O      £ -H W                    £ -P              o         O cd                                                      ©
                  £    > cd tn           cd O £      © p -h                 © O £                         •H >                                     C             £   Pi       |
 0                o    £ •H p             ^   £      £ O rH      £ P        MN©           £       £ ^     P ^                                      £    d        ©   P
.1     0)         £    2 P O             © cd £      cd ©        cd -H                    c      •H *H     cd ©     §                cd ©          cd   ©        £   cd ©
      •P                   ©             poo         Ph £           P      3   '                  cd cd    £ w             cd        Pi N                        £   © o      g
                                         © P O       Qj «h Ch    Pp        O O O          o       £ £      3 p       0    r—<        P-r:         Pi £
Xi    Q          LH.°    *   o                       < Q O       < <       O ~ P          o               q °       co    CQ                      < co               q   cd

     1949        ;
80   28 Jul 2045        Unk           Killeen       E to S      300                    Uhite     Yes      3-5      Hone   Bound Size of         Unable to     Faded out
                                      Base, Texas               above                  w/tint             secs            w/tail evening        estimate
                                                                horizon                of blue                                   star
                                                                                       green

81   28 Jul 2259 1      Unk           Killeen,      S to E      30°                    2 pre-    Yes       ?1 at Hone     Hound Tennis                        Faded out
                                      Texas                     above                  domin-             2-3             ■•//tail ball
                                                                horizon                ately              secs
                                                                                       white•             7,-2 at
                                                                                       1 had              10 -
                                                                                       orange             12
                                                                                       glow               secs
                                  r                                                    to tail

82   28 Jul 2253 1      Unk           Killeen,      N to Nil    30°                    Initial­ Kone 15 -          Hone   Round    3 times                    Vent out
                                      Texas                     above                  ly blue       20                            size even-                 like light
                                                                horizon                turning       secs                          ing star
                                                                r                      white

83   30 Jul 2135 1      a             Camp Hood,    SE tc NJ    35° to    Climbed in   Slue-     Yes      2 -      None   Like                  2 - 2^ secs Faded out             (1)
                                      Texas                     horizon   arc          white              oA              rocket                to cover
                                                                                                          *2
                                                                                                          secs            tail                  arc of
                                                                                                                                                about 15°

84   30 Jul. 2204 1     Unk           Camp Hood,    SE to SJ App 30°      Straight    Predom­ Yes         2 -      None   Round Evening         Very fast     Gradually           (3)
                                      Texas                  above        flight los- inate ly            3               v//tail star or                     faded out
                                                             horizon      ing alti­   white               secs                    planet
            1                                                             tude        w/blue
                              J                                                       tint


                                                                                  GNFIDENTIAL
ssass^s^.*
  Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)
                                         >> W
                                        -P L.
                                                                                                                             .................
                                                                                                                                                                                          Page 16

             1                          •H ©                ©                                r-i   d
                                                                                                                                 ^
                                                                                                                                 0
                                                                                                                                            S
                                                                                                                                            o
                              ^4   co   r-H >                                                                                                                                                 I
                              O    ^    •H L                       4^   O       -P   ©       -P -H                                M -p                                                              o   S
                                                                                                                                                                 -p             •P
                                   ©    ,o o          rH Ch O                                 S -P                o               O erf                                                                 ©
                              Sh   >     erf w         d O ?_<      © -P -H     © 2        © O $4                                •H >                             o             ©
                              ©    ^    •H /J          ^                        J- -P      W N ©                   £ rH          •P $4                                                              ©   &.

   1
                                                                                                                                                                                *4   "J
                          ©             rH O           © (rf 3                             ^ -H >          o      •H ’H           Crf ©           §                             erf ©
                                                                                                                                                                  G>   O                                     ©
                                         ©             Pioo                                               rH       erf erf        $4 w                                          P- ©                         O
                                                       © ^ O       ^•H <h                  o 0 O           o      *4   $4         3                o                                                         a
                                        *      o      o      o     < Q O        < <        o M -p         o       'H H           Q o              72                            < 72                S Q      d


   85            6 Aug   2000 1         Unk        Las Cruces,    E to If                               bluish    Yes          1-2 None                 Round j -jigger than                  [Disappeared I (
                                                   Nev; Mexico                                          green                  secs                             failing                       Jbehind
    .—                                                                                                                                                          star        i                 ^sl^.^ES____       I
| 86             6 Aug   2000 1         Un?z       Las Cruces,    E to 17     3°28M to Curve going Reddish        Yes         4-5 None                  Round J;App 6” in                     ^Disappeared
                                                   Lev.’ Mexico               9°4Ou    up then fell blue &                    secs                             ! diameter                     {gradually
                                                                              above    in almost    green
                                                                              horizon vertical
                                                                                       direction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1(1)
   87            6 Aug   2000 1                    Alamogordo,    Vertical    2°20" to Straight         bright    Non? 3                         Kone   Round > ^ size of                     [Exploded
                                                   New Mexico                 7°35"    vertical         white          secs                                     moon                          {then pieces
                                                                              above    flight           slight                                                                                Uied out
                                                                              horizon                   reddish
                                                                                                        cast

                                                                                                                              2                  None           Large as                      bis appeared           (1)
i 88             6 Aug   2000 1         Uhl Alamogordo,           E to W      204" to    10° off        White
                         2005               New Mexico                        12° 7"     vertical                             secs                              auto spot                     [behind
         *                                                                                                                                                      light at                      [building
                                                                              above
                                                                              horizon                                                                           arm’s
                                                                                                                                                                i^PS^k

   89            6 Aug   2015 1         Unk Alamogordo,           sw                     Straight       Whitish Yes            1 sec E one              Round   Twice size .Extremely         disappeared            (1)
                                            New Mexico                                   flight app     yellow                                                  normal     jfast -            jbehind meun-
                                                                                         20° verti­     ( red                                                   falling    •twice as          jtain
                                                                                         cal dec­       trail)                                                  star       jfast as
                                                                                         line                                                                              {falling
                                                                                                                                                                           'star


                                                                                                       GNFlDENTlAk
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aorial Phenomena, 17th Di strict OS I ( c ont)                                                                                  Pare 17        1
                            As"
                                                                                                     fH £
                            •H   O                                        M d                         O O
                    i«P W                    o        £ p                 03 O                        £ £
                    ■;O £   •H £                   p o 3d     P   o       P -H                                                                                        o   d
                        o   P O        M C»H 0     £ ’H to                £ P                o         O 05                             £             £                   0
c                   ^ >      d w       d O £       0 P -H               O O £                         •H >                              O             o               £   Qi
0                     o £   •H p       £     $4    d o ^      £ -P      0 bl 0       £        £ M    ;P £          *0         Q         £             £ T5
P             o     =P Q    M O        O d £                  Ci ‘H     ^            °       •H H      d Q                    04        d   o         d O             £   d    0
      P             is W               3 0 0       Pl £                                       Gl d     £ W          §         d                       Pi O            £   w    u   h
      d                     £ Ch       O £ O       PvH cp                            o       i^        3 P          o                    -H           Oh   P4
                            *    o     O           < O o      < <                    o                   O         co        72        < w           < CQ
                                                                                                               J.----- ---
     1949
so   6 Aug   2030 1         Unk Alamogordo,        N                   Constant     ’lliite   Yes    1 sec N one             Rcund    App small­ Similar to        Vfent out
                                New Mexico                             slight        (bluish)                                         er than    falling
                                                                       curve                                                          clenched   star
                                                                       earthward                           •                          fist

SI   6 Aug   2020           Unk Albuquerque, Descend­        15°       Descending   Green    U one 1 -         None          Round    500 watt     10° in 1J       Dissipated
                                Hew Mezzico   ing to         above     to earth                       -2
                                                                                                                             to       bulb         secs at 2
                                              earth          horizon   vertically                    secs                    pear     about        miles
                                             verti-                                                                          shape    1/5 mile
                                             .Q.^.i.ly.                                                                               away

92   6 Aug   2000 1         Unk Vfhite Sands,                40°       Straight     Obser­   None 1 sec Kono                 Round    Ralf size    Slightly    Disappeared             (1)
                                New Mexico                   above     line to      ver                                               of finger­   faster than behind sand
                                                             horizon   earth        color                                             nail at      ordinary    dune
                                                                                    blind                                             arm’s        falling
                                                                                                                                      length       star

93   6 Aug   2000 1         R        Alamogordo,   200°      30°       Long slow    Bluish   Yes     1 sec None              Round    T ip of                       Burnod out         (1)
                                     New Mexico              ab ove    curve to     green                                             thumb at
                                                             horizon   earth                                                          arm’s
                                                                                                                                      length
                                                                                                                                                                                       (3)1
94   10 Aug 0010 2          Unk      Killeen       E to W    30° ang­ 30° angle     Blue     Yes     3-4 ITone               Oval     Head size                     Sudden
                                     Base, Texas             le       headed                         secs                                                           disappearance
                                                             headed   donw                                                                                          ancc
                                                             down
                                                                                                                                                                                       (cl
95   10 Aug 2030 1          Unk      Killeen       N to S    30°                    f/hito    Yes     5        Nono          Simi­                                  Disappeared
                                     Base, Texas             above                                    secs                   lar to
                                                             horizon                                                         comet
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)                                                                                             Pa~e 18

                       =   >5 ©
                       : -P    fl                                                                                       M    fl
                       • -H    O             ©                                           0$                             o    o
                     021 r-i     >
                                             o                                      ri   o                                  •H
                 o   fl; -H fl               fl        -P   o ^4         o                                               fl -P                                                     ri
                     © Kq o            r-! ^ O                        fl 'O                                     o        o   ri                   fl           fl                  ©
                     >• ri ©            ri O fl        © -P -h        © fl      ©                                       •H   >                    ©            ©
 ©               o   fl; -H p           fl   fl        fl O rH
       ®     o       ©I rd O            © ri fl        ri ©
                                                                      fl
                                                                      d
                                                                                W        0)          fl        .5 fl    ■P
                                                                                                                         ri
                                                                                                                             fl
                                                                                                                             ©
                                                                                                                                          ©
                                                                                                                                          CL
                                                                                                                                                  fl           fl nJ             © cu
                     02!   o                                                                                                                      ri    ©      ri ©                ri
                                        fl © Q            fl
       aJ                                                                                     I      o          ri ri    fl  w            £                    Cu ©              e w o
                        P4 Ch
                     O| * o
                                        © fl o
                                       o < o
                                                       P.-H Qh
                                                       < Q o
                                                                                o   .2 o      f     °
                                                                                                                fl fl
                                                                                                               £-4 ^
                                                                                                                         fl
                                                                                                                        Q O
                                                                                                                                    o
                                                                                                                                         65                                      4 Q §
                                                                                                                                   co
                                                                                              ,..... ............
     1949
     10 Aug 2035 1     •R            Camp Hood     N to S                     Level           [Yellow             Yes    L - 2 None             Like head­   60° in 2        Cut cut
96
                                     T exas                                   flight              to                    }secs I                 light of     secs
                                                                                                  orange                                        old car

97   10 Aus 2035 H     lUnk          Camp Hood     iW to 2         p0° - 45° Level                Hhite        Yes [3-4 None tRound             Large        Greater         Burned out
            2207?                    Texas                         I above   flight                                = secs                       flare        speed than
            2220                                                   ihorizon                                                                                  plane
            2240

98   10 Aw 2040 1          Unk       Camp Hood     N to S          30°        Horizontal          Orange       Yes      3-5        one Rocket 20 mm#         Very great      Light grad­   (s)
                                     T exas                        above                                                secs                  tracer         similar to      ually
                                                                   horizon    arc                 tail                                        ammo*          falling         diminished
                                                                                                                                                             s tar

99   10 Aug 2100 1         Uni       Killeen       S               30°        Continued    Bright              Yes      5         Kone Redd­    Head size                    Disappeared   (3)
                                     Base, Texas                   above      climbing at. orange                       secs           ish
                                                                   horizon    30° angle j                                              ball
                                                                              until dis- j                                             with
                                                                              appearance j                                             long
                                                                                                                                       f irey
                                                                                                                                       tail

100 10 Aug 2100 1          R         Camp Hood                     40° - 70° il, 3 & 4   Vhite                 Yes il sec None Round            Large star {Great speed •"ent out
           2120                      Texas                         above     almost hor­ with                      | for       with                                     like a light
           2215                                                    horizon izontal       orange                    i each      trail
           2250                                                              ^■2 almost                            j one
                                                                             vertical
                                                                                               —
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)
                              £2
                                                                                                                  <H   51
                              •H   O             s                                  rd    d                        o   o
                    <H   W    H    >                                                 d    O                            •id
                     o   £    •H   £             £                   p   ©          p     rd            £
                                                       £ -H to                                          O          o   d                                £
                         O               rd <h   w
£                   £    t>    d w        d o    £     O P -ri        0) 2     Q    O     £                       •H   >
                                                                                                        £ rd                 nJ             £           £ nJ      1
                    O    £    •H P         £     £     £ O rd         £ P      CO   ts3   01      £               P    £
                                                                              £ -H >              0     •rd ’rd    d   o                    d   Q       d <D
1                             rd O       Odd           c5 O
                                                                                                                                            Ph N        Ph ©
                               O         £0)0          P. £           P P     £ £                        d d       £   tQ
                                                                              O Q O              c       £ £                  o             Ok -H       Ph Ph
              •rd             tf <H      0) £ O        Ph -ri Ch
             H                * O        o C o         < n o                  O ~ P              o      Ed Ed                CO     w       < co        <4 CO

    ij49
■"I 10 Aug 2200 1             Unk      Camp Hood,    S to N        30°       Level             White    Yes       1-2 Lone Oval          Size of     300 mph or       ?ade\-
           2230                        Texas                       above     flight            w/yellow           secs                   shooting    faster
                                                                   horizon                     trail                                     star

    2 10 Aug 2240 1           Unk      Camp Hood,    M to S        8,000’    Straight    Light          Yes       2-3 N one Round Much larger                         Burned up^^ d
                                       Texas                       or more   flight with red di­                  secs      v’/jag­ than evening                      disintegrated
                                                                             gradual     minish­                            ged     star
                                                                             incline     ing to                             trail
                                                                                         light
                                                                                         yellow

103 11 Aug 2030 Scv Unk                Camp Hood,    11 to S       45 - 60° Generally          White    Yes       3-5 N one Plash Star size          Faster than Went out           (s)
           2045                        Texas                       above    a level                               sees      like a                   any plane   like a
           2052                                                    horizon flight                                           rocket                   observed    light
           2105                                                                                                             or
           0010                                                                                                             train­
                                                                                                                            ing
                                                                                                                            flare

      12 Aug 0010 2           Unk      Killeen       Due U in      45°       Straight &        Bluish   Yes        10        None Broken Hoad size                    Sudden dis­   (30
                                                     arc           above     level             white               secs           circle                              appearance
                                       Base, Texas
                                                                   horizon   flight                                               resem­
                                                                             vj/ascent                                            bling
                                                                             descent                                              signal
                                                                             describ­                                             flare
                                                                             ing arc


                                                                                    CONriDENTlAE
 Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                                   Page 20
                                        >: to
                                       -P 0                                                                              5        £
                                       •H O                 o
                          i       co   H >                                                                               •    o   o                                                                    1
                                                            o                                   cd o
                              o   0    •H 0                 £       -P O 42      -P   o        -P -H
                                  O                rd Q-<   Q        £ -H LD                    C -P            O
                                                                                                                               a -p
                                                                                                                               O cd
                                                                                                                                                         -p                      -P                o   d      W
  5-4                  0          >    rf to        d o     0        O -p -H     o    2     O C 0                             •H £                        0                       c                    o
  O                    o          0    23                            C O rH                 to to O                                                                               o                C   04
  f         o     o   ho          °                                                                                           -P 0            o                                     "d             O   04
                                                  O d                d o                    0 -H >       o
                       g          w    o          Coo                            a .p
                                                                                                                •H *H
                                                                                                                 cd cd
                                                                                                                               d e
                                                                                                                               ^ to
                                                                                                                                                          d    o                 4 O
                                                                                                                                                                                 04 O
                                                                                                                                                                                                   C   d O    W
                  •H                   « Qh       o c o               *H <"h       rd                                                                                                              0   to o   W
                                                                                           o o o         o       0 0           ^ 5     o
            Q     G4                   * o       CJ <^ o              Q o                  O   -P
                r—-—"-—                     ^-:\":------- -^rr—:                                                                              co
      :1949
  105 Q2 Aug 0445 1                    Unk      Killeen            SE to W      30°       Headed down Reddish Yes            2-3      Yes   Trail   Fairly long                                 Faded av/ay “ ^
                                                Base, Texas                     above                                        secs           of      streak of
                                                                                horizon                                                     flame   flame
        1                                                                       headed
                                                                                              •
                                                                               .down

  106- 14 Aug 2135 1                   R        Alamogordo,                    Appeared 10 - 15°       Reddish Yes           2 secs hone Round      Larger than.                                Disappeared       (3)
                                                Hew Mexico                     25° Dis­ off            orange                                       V enus
                                                                               appeared vertical
                                                                               at 12°

  107 20 Aug 2130 2                    Unk      Douglas,
                                                Arizona
                                                                   N to S      8,000’ - Flat
                                                                               10,000’ trajectory
                                                                                                                K one 6-10 hone Round About size
                                                                                                                      secs       to ob­ of single
                                                                                                                                 long         engine
                                                                                                                                                                               3500 to
                                                                                                                                                                               4500 mph
                                                                                                                                                                                                Disappeared
                                                                                                                                                                                                in distance       C2) 1
                                                                                                                                 like         airplane
                                                                                                                                 in­
                                                                                                                                verted
                                                                                                                                 saucer
                                                                                                                                .............
< 108 21 Aug 2115 5
             2150
                                       Unk Nogales,
                                           Arizona
                                                                               45° at    L'orizontal
                                                                               low level tc earth’s
                                                                                                       Dull
                                                                                                       orange
                                                                                                                Hone 10
                                                                                                                     secs
                                                                                                                                      none Zafer    App size
                                                                                                                                                    of volley
                                                                                                                                                    hall
                                                                                                                                                                               10 times
                                                                                                                                                                               speed of
                                                                                                                                                                               jet planes
                                                                                                                                                                                                Disappeared
                                                                                                                                                                                                in space          m
                                                                               90° at    surface
                                                                               high
                                                                               level                                                                ........................

 109 26 Aug 1345 1                     R        Davis-          SE to KV APP<             horizontal   brown­   Nene 60                     3 ini- Est. to be                  Terrifio         Faded from        (2)
                                                I Ion than AFE,          50,000           at 50,000’   ish           secs                   lar to app 4 °£                    rate o*          vj.ew
                                                Arizona                                                hazy                                 tri-   inch when                   speed
                                                                                                       color                                angle observed
                                                                                                                                            with   a*c 3 ft •                               1
                                                                                                                                            round
                                                                                                                                            edges
                                                                                                                                          ONUDENTM

     Summery of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Page 21
<•......—~~
                              r-.....              ; >> w
                                                                                                                                                                      1

i             ।i                                   I -P N
                                                   : *H ©                 o
                                                                                                                                    !
                                                                                                                                    I                    1     °.s
i                                           j<U co j H >                                     £ 40                         d 0                                                                                                                1
                                            • o P ; -H ^                                -P o ^                                                                                                                                «.      ^      P


 '©                                                               rH <H S                                                -p -H                                                                                                        C      c3        M
                                            ;   ° ; /□ ©                          i      £ -h bO                                                 0
                                            ; ^ > i cd w           d o            •     Q    -p «H                     O c                                    •H >
                                                                                                                                                                               j        ;      ©
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              j
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       P
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ©
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pm
                                            ? © p No               ^    ^         !     P     C r~i         p 43       UNO
              i      ©                                                                                                                           £ rH         ■P 5h       1                    P              P Td                    ©     WPm
                                ©           |cO ©


t11—^
                                                                   © cd 3         i     cd    © £<          cd «H      P *H J>                  •H -H          ci ©
                                            oj ©                   P © O                                                                                                                       cd ©                                   P cd © \ .
                                                                                  j     P< P          ’     Pm -p      2 P                       ci cd         P to
                                                                                                                                                                               i   S              eq             ©            f      w © 0 ■
                                                   :« ^
                                                   iJLJL i        o
                                                                   © p o
                                                                        o
                                                                                         Pm -H Ch
                                                                                        < Q c
                                                                                                            Pm   T     0,0 0
                                                                                                                       0 w -p
                                                                                                                                                 ^ P
                                                                                                                                                JH E-<
                                                                                                                                                              ^3           0
                                                                                                                                                                          co   j   to         < w             •^ oo           i       ^^ s W
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     -Ai Q        cd    ’
              ? 1949
              1 30 Aug 2300 k                                Los Alamos,                                                                                                       i
                                                                                      Almost              90° over- Almost           Bright Yes              1-2      None                  Much larger                            Burned cut
                                                             Lew I Mexico             straight            overhead straight          green                   secs                           than meteor
                                                                                      fall                          fall

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                                                     w/red-
                                                                                                                                     iish
                                                                                                                                    ‘tail

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        i
                                                                                                                                        ........
    111            15 Sep 0025 i                         Unk Albuquerque,                                 30°                       Yellow                   6        IT on e Round         Size of                                Burst & ap­
                                                             Mew Mexico                                   above                     red                      secs                           baseball                               peared to
                                                                                                          horizon                                                                                                                  disintegrate
L
    112            16 Sep 0230 1                         R   Les Alamos,              •7 to E             3,000'      Horizontal    Orange      ‘one 15               Tone Ball             Larger than Faster than Dimmed then                                         (3) 1
                                                             New Mexico                                                                              secs                  shape            falling     airplane    disappeared
                                                                                                                                                                                            star        slower than completely
                                                                                                                                                                                                        falling
                                            —                                                                                                                                                           star
      3            18 Sep 2015 1                     ■ Unk   Sandia Base, IT to S                     45°                           Dark        hone 3 - 4            None Round        Size of                                    Unknown                              (1)
                                                             Her; Mexico                              above                         ye 11 or;        secs                               basecall
                                            ....... ->                                                horizon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "(Si
    114            19 Seo j 0900 2                   I Unk   Tucson,      N                                  App 40001              Grayish None 2 mts                None              2 to 3 ft         ! 600 mph                Faded from
                                                             Ariana_____ •••• .■••••••• ... .......... ...»                         white                                               across                                     view
                                                                                                           1
                                                                                                                                    Bright None 4                     N one Round       About size j 45° in 4                     Obscured by                           (3)
115 ; 27 Sop ; 0300                                          Sandia Base, From SE                            45°       Travelin5
                                                     : Unk                                                             tangent to   blue to     secs                                    of softball I secs.                       building
                          i                          :       New Mexico                                      above
                                                    i                                                        horizon earth          white                                               at 30’0 yds# I                                                                  (3)1
                                                    i
                                                             Sandia Base,? To the N                   10°                           Yellow Yes           3-4          N one Round       Size of    j Same rate                    Died out
    116 ■ 27 Sep J 0300 i 1                         i Unk                                                                                                                               baseball     as shoot-            j
                                        1                    IT erj Texico i                          above                                              secs                                                                                                       1
                                                    •                                                                                                                                   at 25 yds. j ing star
                                                                                                      h0r.i2.QXl...                                                                                                           •«•... M*««>MM .... ... . • •.. w*«. ..
                                                                                                                           CONFIDENTIAL
    S user ary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)                                                                                    Page 22
                                 fFE"

                                    •H    ©                                                     r-4 d                           0   0
                      Ch   co                           o                                        cd 0
                      O    $-4      •H                  a          .pox:            -p   ©      -P -H                                                                            0   ©     ■
                                    rD    ©      r—I Ch ©           C -H bp
                      *-. >          cd   co      <x5 O Jm          © .p .h         © 3
                                                                                                 £ -P
                                                                                              © O ^
                                                                                                                     0          O   0
                                                                                                                                                                                     0     w
    ©                 © ^           •H            ^     £4          S-« 0 «—1       5 ^       W N ©                  £ H       -p   ^          ©         e                       ©Pm       1


                                                                                                                                                                                               ^
          0)          1»                  °       © <rf 3           H © ^           CO -H                            d ri'      ©   ©          P4        cd ©         © ©        g         1
         -p                                       a © 0             Ou              Pm-P
                .9                  « CH          © ^ 0             Ck-h q-,                  000             0      ^   J-<             0
                                                                                                                                                         P4 w
                                                                                                                                                         Pm’H         & Pm
                                                                                                                                                                                 C w O
                                                                                                                                                                                 ©•HP
         Q                          * C          0 < 0             <Q O                       Oh 40                                     co     co        ■< co       <5 co
                                               n—            —   --------- ---—
        1949
 117    27 Sep 0300 1               Unk        Sand?a Base, SE to UTT             15°- 20° Traveling        Bright   IT one 2           None Round    Same size    45° in 2    Brighten®!
                                               17 ew Mexico                       above    in arc to-       green           secs                      as pertee­   secs ♦      then wont
                                                                                  horizon ward earth                                                  ter fence
                                                                                                                                                      light at
                                                                                                                                                                                               L
                                                                                                                                                      distance
                                                                                                                                                      of about
                                                                                                                                                      200 yds.

 118    27 Sep 0130 1               Ute        Sandia Base, S to E                200        Made a gen­ Dark        Yes       2        None Coni-,   Looked       50° in 2    Burnt out           (3)
                                               Hew Mexico                         above      tle arc     blue                  secs          ic le    like a       sees •                          (1)
                                                                                  horizon    tow ar d                                        w/tail   sky
                                                                                             earth                                           twice    rocket
                                                                                                                                             its
                                                                                                                                             dia­
                           .... J                                                                                                            meter

i 119 27 Sep 0130 1                 Unk         Sandia Base,                      45°        Hoving         Groen    17 one 1 sec       Hone Round    F i st at    200 in 1    Burnt out           (3)
kJ                                             IToy/ Hoxie 0                      ab ovc     tangent to                                               arm’s        sec                             (1)
                                                                                  horizon    earth                                                    length
r
120     30 Sop 2257                 Unk        Sandia Base, S to W                55° to                    Yellow   None 2-3           None          Slightly    200 - 300                        (1)
                                               Nov; Mexico                        horizon                   orange        secs                        larger than mph
                                                                                                                                                      shooting
                                                                                                                                                      star

 121 : 2 Oct   2110 1               R          Los Alamos,                        20,000 - V/ont up &       Bright   Yes       3                                                                   (1)
____ 4                                         Hew Mexico                         30,900’ then down         green              secs
122 6 Oct      1715 1               Unk        Mescalero,                         154°     Descended        Dark     Tone 30            Hone Round    Big ball                 Disappeared         (1)
                                               How Mexico                         above    in slight        green         secs                                                 behind hills
                                                                                  horizon^ arc


                                                                                                        .   MDENTIAL
                                                                                                                  \/j.d-iDEXTiAL
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)                                                                                                              Page 23
                    1
                           1 -H O                0>                                           rH cd
                    PtH   W; iH    >                                                           d o                                         •H                                                      04   ft
                      O   tZ -H    Jh                  -P O ^       -P   Q                    -p -H                                           5
                                                                                                                         ^     t         P -P                                      5      -E        o   d        Y
                    ’           Q          rH <H 0)     S -H b0                                                     •    o      :        o d                                                            o         \
                    s O   >; d co           d O ft      0) -P -H     op            1     <D   O   ft                          :         ’H P                            o                 o
                    : O   SJ -H             ft   ft     ft O rH                                                     |  S r~H            -P ft 11               0                                    o co              L

 i
       0>      0)   5,0   O: rH O           Q d p                                                                   1 T1 ,r? •           d (D                  PU       do         J      do        P d      o
       p
       d      •H    i 5          ^ Cm
                                            Soo
                                            o ft o
                                                          ft
                                                       Ph-H <M
                                                                    CU-P
                                                                    P- r- 1   «j         O oft o
                                                                                         P             :I     H
                                                                                                              O     s CO GJ :           M uJ    _>             d        mj   Cm           Pt o      H w      o        \
                                                                                                                    j ft ft:            P ^ 1   O                                                  ,d -h     p
       Q      EH    jS    O:     * O       o     o    ^.^      O    < <                  o ^ -P         :     o       EH eh |           Pt O • CO             CO        < CO              <4 co    Oa Q      d        J   :

      1949
123   6 Oct   1800 |1      |unk         Mescalero,                 18°     ;                           ferecn           lone 57-9 Hone Round                         | size of         Moving     Jisappeared
              1845 i'                   New Mexico                 above                                                     Is CCS                                  thumb at          slowly     behind a


                           L
                                                                   horizon i
                                                                                                                    --------------- i—-- ------------
                                                                                                                                                                     arm’s len­
                                                                                                                                                                     gth
                                                                                                                                                                                                  hill
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              F
124   6 Oct   1758 |1        R          Alamogordo,   E to W                   jStraight                Bluish Hone ;4                                  Hone Circu­ 3 times the 5° per sec«                                   (V
                           1            New Mexico                             1 angular                white       4isecs                                   lar    size of
                                                                               1 descent                possi-                                                      Jupiter or
                                                                                                        bly It.                                                     Venus
                                                                                                        green
                                                                                                        tinge

125   6 Oct   1800 1        Unk Alamogordo,                        4°20’ tc                                 Green       if one 5-6                      None Round   Size of                                                  (1)
                                New Mexico                         7C5'                                                        secs                                  baseball at
                                                                                                                                                                     arm’s len­
                                                                                                                                                                     gth

126   6 Oct   1750 1        R           Albuquerque, E to W                            Curved des­ Green­               1 one 1 sec                     None Simi­   | size of                    Abrupt                      Ci)
                                        New Mexico                                     cent ap­    ish                                                       lar     thumb at
                                                                                       proaching   white                                                     to      arm’s len­
                                                                                       vertical                                                              very    gth
                                                                                                                                                             flare

127   6 Oct ' 1750 1        R           Mag on        E to vr                          Horizontal       Green­          Hone 3-4                        None Round   1^’ - 2”      App# that      'Tent out like (1)
                                        Mound, New                                                      ish                  secs                                    in diame­     of meteor       like elec­
            ;                           Mexico                                                                                                                       ter                          tric light
                                                                                                        white

                                                                                       At tail end Brilli­ H one 10                                     None Tear                                 Seemed to                   (1)
128   6 Oct   1758 1        Unk Albuquerque, NE to S";
                                New Mexico                                             of its      ant           secs                                        drop                                 burn out
                                                                                       course it   green
                                                                                       arched over
                                                                                       and fell
                                                                                              —-—
                                                                                                      CO?'JFIDENTIA&
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                      Page 24
                                      >5 W
                                     -P A                                                                                 Qh    fl
                                     H £                                                     r—i Cd                       o     O
                            <h   w                      o                                     cd O
                            o fl •H fl                           POX           -p   ©        p -H               a         fl -p                                                C    cd
                               ©               rH G-q   ©        fl -H L0                        -P             o         O cd                        a              fl             ©
fl                          fl >                d o     fl       © X -H         ©   fl    O O A                                                       o              ©         fl   P-.
©                           O fl                                 A O rd         a  -p     MN©            A       fl rd    -p ^                        fl             fl 'O.    ©    Pm
                            X ©                © cd fl           d ©            cd -H     A -H >         o      •H »rH     cd ©                       cd ©           cd ©           cd ©
                                               fl © o                fl                   fl A                   cd cd     fl w                                      Pm ©               o
       -P
                            IS Q30 C     m     © fl o               -H Ch
                                                                                Pm-P
                                                                                          O O O          o       fl fl     fl X                                      Pm Cm              fl
       Q                    s o * o            o < o             <d Q o        <5 <       Q X -P         o      H H       Q O                         < w            < CO           Q 3

      1949
129   7 Oct       2120 1             Unk Albuquerque, Straight                35°                      Yellow   Kone 1 sec           Hone Round     Half a moon propped 15c behind Sandi
                                         New Mexico   vertical                above                    to                                                       Jin 1 sec   fountains
                                                      drop                    horizon                  green

130   10 Oct 0406 1                  R       Los Alamos,         SB to KE     3,000’   Parallel        brill­   Yes      4-5         Hone           Small         Appeared to Disap reared/
                                             New Mexico                       above    to surface      iant              secs                                     le slower
                                                                              observa­ of earth        white                                                      than a
                                         ... ■ ______ . .    .                tion pt.                                                                            meteor

131   10 Oct 0107 1                  Unk     Sandia Base, W to E              45°                      Bluish   Yes      15          N one   ound   Size of        blow       Died out
                                             New Mexico                       above                    green             secs                       fist at
                                                                              horizon                                                               arm’s len-


132   10 Oct 0107 1                  Unk     Sandia Base, sn to NE            45°        Executed      Green­   Yes      4           None Round     Size of                    aded out       (1)
                                             New Mexico                       above      dives         ish.              secs                       fist at
                                                                              horizon                  blue                                         arm’s len-
                                                                                                       w/red                                        gth
                                                                                                       sparks
                                                                                                       trail­
                                                                                                       ing

133   10 Oct 0107 1                  Unk     Sandia Base, N to NE             45°                      Green    None 15              Hone Round     Size- of       Slow       turned out      CD
                                             New liexico                      above                                  secs                           fist at
                                                                              horizon                                                               arm’s len-
              ...........                                                                                                                                        _______
134   11 Oct! 2010 6                 Unk     Roswell,            Appeared                1'aneuvered   Light    Yes      45          None Round     Size of
                                             New liexico         moving to               up & down     green             mts                        baseball
                                                                 N & angl­                             turned
              1                                                  ing sligh­                            orange
                                                                 tly to E
                                                                                               1


                                                                                                                  ------------- ---------------------------


 Summary of 3flirtings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                                        Page 25
                                                                                                                              ..... —■


                                         •ri  ©                     0)                                r-i d                              o   O                                                         1
                               Vh   ©    H    >                     o       3                          d O                                  •ri                                                    <H Jh    V
                               O    $4   •H   ^                          p o ^       -P   ©           •P -H                               £ -P                                                      Cd      W
                                    ©         ©             rd CH   ©    £ -ri L0                                              o          o d                                                         o       1
                                          d w                d o         © -p -H     © 2            © O ^                                -H >                          ©                            ^ ex
 ©                             o    ^    •rd ^O                             O H      $4 -P          ©NO                       -S ^       -P Sh                0                                     op-4      1
 1                                       r-i CD                 2        dot.        d -H                          o                      d ©          §               d ©            d ©           P d ©
          -P                              O                 g © o                        4^                                   d d         k w                          P-4 *3         P-4 O         q w o
           CO                                               0^0          CU -H <H    P-4 1—1        o o o         o           ^ r.                     o               O.-H                        gg g
          Q                              *     o        .   °   °        < Q O                      o « -P        o           H EH                    co      co       < 02          <5 CO

         1349
 135     12 det 1045 2                   Unk           Alamogordo,       KT to SE   If size                     J“hite        Hone 10-15             N one Round     2" in dia­    Very fast     Faded from
                        1100                           N ev; ilex ic o              of B-29                                        secs                    dish      meter at      compared      view
                                                                                    appeared                                                               shape     arn^s         ■///falling
                                                                                    to be                                                                            length        star
                                                                                    150,000’
        .............
 136     12 Oct 1115 3                   Unk           Roswell,          S to KE    3,500'         Smooth arc   ’Thite        Kone 45-60             IT one Round                  Faster than Jent beyond
                                                       Now Mexico                                                ( sil­            secs                     proba­                 jet air­    range of
                                                                                                                ver)                                                                                                    1
                                                                                                                                                            bly                    craft       vis ion
                                                                                                                                                            ellip­
                                                                                                                                                            tical

' 237    12 Oct 1115 3                   Unk           Alamogordo,       Appeared If size Smooth arc            ' rhite       IT one 45-60           None Round      35,000’ 4” 1,500 mph        Faded from       (2)
                                                       New Mexico        from S & of 3-29                        or al-              secs                 ball       in diameter                 view
                                                   •                     veered    appeared                     uminum
                                                                         off to ME to be
—                                                                                  35,000’

Ils 12 Oct 1340 4                        r             Tucson,
                                                       Arizona
                                                                         From NE
                                                                         to SW
                                                                                    30,000'        Horizontal   fbite
                                                                                                                cr sil­
                                                                                                                        None 15
                                                                                                                             secs
                                                                                                                                                     IT one Round    50 - 10C1
                                                                                                                                                                     in diameter
                                                                                                                                                                                 1,000 mph       Faded from
                                                                                                                                                                                                 view
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Cz)

                                                                                                                ver

                                                                                    20,000’        Level       Green­         Yes        2           None Round      Appeared as                 Burned out       (1)
 13S     14 Oct 1420 3                   R             Los Alamos,       W to B
                                                       New Mexico                                  flight just ish                       secs                        a 12" disc
                                                                                                   above       blue-
                                                                                                   horizon     white
                                                                                                               trail
                                                                                                       CONFIDENTIAL
 Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aorial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cent)                                                                                                Page 26
                                         w
                                     +>' £
                                     •H O                                                    •—i
                                                                                                r4
                                                                                                 d
                                                                                                                                   a
                       o "i •H £                         o          £ -P                      d  O                                                                                     <H
                                                              ! -p o „£        -p o             *•*T                                                                                    o d
                         ©!                     rH £{    O       £ *H to        £ -d         £ -P                  i °         o dF                           £         £                    ©
                       £ > d w
                       © £ •H ^
                                                 d
                                                 £
                                                     O   £
                                                         £
                                                                 © -p -H
                                                                 £ O rd
                                                                                O £
                                                                                £ -P
                                                                                          © O £
                                                                                          ON©              £
                                                                                                                                                              ©                         £    p<
                                                                                                                              -p

 i
                                                                                                                                   £               ©                                    ©     P<
                 o                   ^ O         odd             d ©            q5 -rl    £ -H >                   • -H        d   ©                         d e        aS ©            £     d ©
                .a                   ©           £ O o           P- £           P: -P     £ £                      j d    d        W                         P< N                             w O
                       3 rO « Qh                 O   £   Q       Pm t 1 C,h               0,0 0
                                                                                                                                                   3         &«H
                                                                                                                                                                        P-i O
                                                                                                                                                                                             •ri £
                EH    £5 O * o                  e < o           ^ q o          <: <1      O ; < -P                            Q O           02     CO        < CO                                d
                     ...... .   ■•
      1949
140   14 Oct 1202112                         ?Albuquerque                                Horizontal     Red                   10           Nono -iound                                Broke
                                             I Nev/ Mexico                                              orange                socs                       size of                      2 pieces &
                                                                                                                                                         moon                         disaoreared

141   14 Oct 51410 1                 Unk     Los Alanos                                                pront- Yes                      A   N one          1/8 size of 500 mph
             H415                            New Mexico                                                !green A               sees                        full moon   or more
                                                                                                       i silver
                                                                                                       j-ioar -
                                                                                                       ;Pale
                                                                                                       ibluo

142   21 Oct 2130 1                  Unk     Roswell,                         30°                      ?V cry         one 20-30            Kone                       Unknown                        (2)
                                             Now Mexico                       above                    ibrigh'            rats
                                                             1
                                                                              hori zon

143   22 Oct 0228 1                  p       Los Alanos           W to SE IOn                          !Bright                2            N one                      150 mph         Disappeared    (1)
                                             Nov/ -’oxico                 ihorizon                     j err eon              secs                        size of a
                                                                                                                                                         Lilacs-.                     hill

144   2 2 Oct 5 02 20 1                      Los /alamos          Vortical    50 -                     iGreen                 1 sec        None Like     jSmall                   VTeno out          (1)
                                             Nov/ Mexico                      WO.ft

145   16 Nov |1950 i             u           Los Alamos           Disap­                                2 ob-                              None                       Stationary Disappeared         (1)
                                             Hew Mexico           peared                               :jects                                                         but disap­ from view
                                                                  to N                                  bluish                                                        peared with
                                                                                                        green                                                         speed of
                                                             -4                                                                                                       meteor
146   19 Nov 52152 1                         Los Alamos       jVertical                                iGroen                 2            N one                                                     (1)
                                             Now Mexico                                                 then                  sees
                                                                                                        yellow

                                                                                               CONFIDENTIAL
 Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)                                                                                                                         Page 27


                              p     fl                                                                                                                   5
                              •H    O              Q>                                   rd    cd                                             o    o
                                                                                         cd   O                                                  •H      ?                                                     Oh   fl
                              rd    >                       fl P
                    Cd   W                         O                                                                                                                                                           0 cd
  flo                o   fl   •H    5m                   P O P          P Q                                                                   fl p       1                 i     -P               p
                                           rd ^ Q                       fl 'fl          fl P                                      O           o    erf   i                                        fl                0
                         0)        o                     £ -H hD                                                                                                                                                    Ph
                    fl   >     erf co       0$ O fl      O P *H         O fl       <D   O A                                                  •ri   >     :                                        0            fl
                                                                                                                                             P     fl    ;   nJ       G)   !     A.               A            O    Pm
                    O    5m   •H 5          fl     fl    fl O rd        fl P       CO   N     <D          fl
                                                                                                                                                                                                  erfO                   o
         o                                                              Cd -rd    A 'd >                  o                                   Co   (D    •            O-


r1-M
                              rd O          (D erf fl    G5 O Ph                                                                  'erf 'cd                                                                     S W
                    g    w                               Ph             Ph P      fl A                                                        fl co                        :         N            Pm (D                  o
                               0)           fl o o            fl
                              04 <h         (DAO         P< -ri <+d               o o c                  o                        A    A                      o                  Ph -rd           Ph Pm        d «H      §
                    M; o      * o          O < O         < G o          < <       O    P                 o                        Cd cd                      co       ch   |     < CO             < cQ
                ... —•
    '1S49~'
147 19 ifov 2152 1     R                 Los Alamos,    Vortical                                    Green                                    2               Kone [
                                         Mow Mexico                                                                                          secs        j

143 125 Nov ^OCO? 5                      Los Alamos     ! E to IT     15° - 10° jDownward          polios                                    2               hone i                                           Disappeared
                                         Nov/ Moxieo                  above     ’10° from          i ish                                     secs                                                             behind mt*
                                                                      horizon I the hori-          jgreen
                                                                                •zontal

149 J 27 Nov 1800? 1          •Unk ‘McIntosh,           । Vertical iLess         ^Vertical          ar con                        Kono 1 sec                 Hone iShaped Sane as a            Same as        dome as        (1)
                                   plow Mexico                     I than        idescent                                                                         jlike a signal               falling        signal flare
                                                                   j2,000»                                                                                        if lare flarc                signal
                                                                                                                                                                                               flare
                                                                                                   ---------- -----------------
                                                                                                                                                                           i
150     27 Nov 1730; 1         Unk 'Tin slow             E to VI      130°                          Bright                        Yes        3 - 4           None Egg          Egg held at 3-4 secs           Dwindled       (1)
                                   Arizona                            ?above                        blue-                                    secs                 shape        arm1s len- to cover            out
                                                                      |horizon                      white                                                                       th         15° - 20°
                                                                                                                                                                                           of horizon

  51    27 Nov 1749 1         ! P        Albuquerque, s to t          13° - 5° ploping              Blue-                         K one 1-2                  None Round        Pencil era- 5° - 70            .Tent out      (1)
                                         Nev/ Mexico                  Iabovo   idescent             white                               secs                                   ser at      in 1 or 2          then on then
                                                                      |horizon                                                                                                 arm1 s      secs               out again
                                                                                                                                                                               length

152 ;27 Nov 1749 1                       Socorro,        e to vr      Koc -40°’Arc                   Pale   Yes                              5               N one Round                  large(Slower than Faded out
                                         Nev/ Mexico                  j above                        green                                   secs                                               imeteor     gradually
                                                                      jhorizon •                   'to pale
                                                                                                   1 b lue


                                                                                    CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                                                        COEODENTIAfc
                                                                                                                                                                                           Pase 28
               of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)
                                    >£     i                                                                                       Qd    fl    !
                        1      1 •H O •                                                            rd d                             o     o
                                                                                                                                         •H                                                                     <d   fl
                         ^ w 1 rH    > ‘                 O   i        -P   o 2                      cd O                                                                                                         o   d
                        i O fl| •H G                                               -p   o          -P -rd
                                                                                                                                    o    d                            fl                "fl                          ©
                                 r£> © i          rd ^   O                                          fl -P                                                                                                       fl   O.I
                                                                                                                                   •H    >                            o                  ©
 fl                       fl >1 •Hd rO
                                     © :          d O fl               © -P -H     © 2           ©OS
                                                                                                                            fl rd : -P    fl   :            ©         fl        ;        fl rd                  ©    Ph
 ©                        0 fl rd O :|            fl                   S   U rd    fl -P         W t4 O
                                                                                                 G *H b>      i     o      •H t4 ; d      ©    I            Ph        d ©                d ©                     fl d ©
11         ©
                         1 “ ©
                                                  o cj 5               d
                                                                      Pi fl
                                                                           o
                                                                                   Pn-P                       j            d d • fl  m         •    §                 Pi n                   ©                   GMQ
                                                  Soo        j
                                                                      a -H ch                    o o o             o       fl fl fl P          I    o                 Ph -ri             Ph                     :5 g S

            Q            £ o * O :
                                                  OSO
                                                 er «4 o              < Q O        < <           o fl -P           o       P P   Q O               co      CQ        <4 co              < CO

                                —
          1949
                  1805 1            R          Alamogordo,        E to IT                   In an arc             Green    Hone 2                  None Circu­ Somewhat                                        Disappeared   (3
         "3 Tec
                                               liew Mexico                                  downward              fringe        secs                    lar    larger than                                     behind
                                                                                                                  of                                           Venns                                           building
                                                                                                                  orange
                                                                                                                  light

i1 154   4 Dec    1935 1            Unk Albuquerque, E to W                                 Nearly                Green    IT one 2-3              N one Round     Marble at                                   Vl^nt out     (
                                        New I exico                                         horizontal                            secs                             arm’s len-                                  like a        (
                                                                                                                                                                                                               candle
         ------- —i — ... ——-5
 155     4 Dec    1-935 2           Unk        Los Alamos,            E to EE                   Sloping           Green            1/5             .Yes   Round                                                Disappeared
                                               New Mexico                                       descent                            sec                                                                         behind mt*

 156     5 Dec    1930 3            Unk        Carrizozo,                         40°           In dive           Blue-                            IT one T ear­                    Very slow                  Disappeared   (1)
                  1945                         New Mexico                         above                           green                                   drop                                                               (3)
                                    -------H                                      horizon                                                                                           ........................

         5 Dec    2240 1            Unk        Tularosa,              E to IT                   Smooth arc        Blue   Yes       1 sec           None Str oak Appeared                       Appeared tc                   (1)
                                               New Mexico                                       downward          w/yel-                                of      little long-                   hit ground                    (3)
                                                                                                                  lowish                                light longer than                      near
                                                                                                                  red                                           length of                      Tularosa,
                                                                                                                  toward                                        lead pencil                    New Mexico
                                                                                                                  tail                                          atAL-       i-----------------
                            H....
 158     9 Dec     1330 1           Unk        Farmington, propping 500 ft* Vertically                                                             hone Char­                                                  Disappeared   (2)
                                               New Mexico ; vertical-       : down                                                                      red
                                                            ly                                                                                          para­
                                                                                                                                                        chute
                                                                  1                                                                                     or
                                                                 i                                                                                      cargo
                            1                                                               I                                                           net


                                                                                                            CONFIDENTIAL-
                                                                                                  —
      Sunman; of Sightings of Unimown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cont)                                                                                         Page 29

                                   s »
                                  ■p p                                                                                Ch   d
                                  •H O            o                                                                    o   O
                         ch   w                                £ -p                       d o                                                                                         Ch   P
                         O    P                                        -P o              P H                 p         $                           4*                                  o   d
                              O rD    ©      rl P Q       £ -H bO       £ nJ              £ -P               o         O   d                        d                     d                ©
                         ^    > 3     w      d O p        O -P tH       O 3            OOP                            •H   >                        o                     o            P
                         o    P              ^    P       P O rH        P -P           w to O         p       £ rd    P    P            o           p                     P nJ         O   Ch
                                             O CD 3                     d -h           P -rH ^»       o      •H «H     d   o                        d o                   d o          g   d o
              o      o                                                                                                                                                                 n   © o
                                  □          P P u        p4 ^          CP-P           d P                    d d      P   w                        Pm N                  Pl o
                                  « ch       O P O        p^-nq                        o o o         o        P P                 o                    -H                 Pm Pi            Q §
                         ^ o                 o < o        < Q O                        O W -P        o       Eh ^     Q o        co    co          -^ CO                 -=4
                                                                      ------ ------                                                          ......... ....... —......
            1949
      159   13 Dec 2005 3         R       Alamogordo,   Station-      5,000’                       • Alite   None i S nts      None Circu­ 1 - 12- tines                           Object took       (n
                                          New Mexico    arv then                                   amber          1                 lar    size o° a-                              on br_Ilian
                                                        began to                                   red                                     verage st.                              green color
                                                        move                                       green                                   light at a                              picked up |
                                                        downward                                                                           distance                                speed and
                                                        slowly                                                                             of 8 miles                              faded fron
                                                        and to                                                                                                                     view
                                                        right                                                                                                                            ..... - 1
            1950
      160   6 Jan   2230 7        R       Alamogordo,   E to W                        Up & down    Unite   None 45             11 one Star   Slightly    Moved app.                Stopped           (
                                          Nev/ Mexico                                 and          changed      Pits                  like   larger than 15° to 20°                observation       (
                                                                                      horizontal   to                                        planet      from E to
                                                                                                   green                                     Venus       J during
                                                                                                   & rod                                                 45 mins it
                                                                                                                                                         was ob­
                                                                                                                                                         served

      161   7 Jan   2215 2        Unk     Corona,       From SU                       Descending   Yellow­ Yes       10        Lone Hound    dame as cup Compared                  Disappeared       (1.
     V►                                   Nev/ Mexico   to SE                                      ish               secs           ball     6U in dia­ w/fast                     behind nt#
                                                                                                   white                            shape    meter at    jet                       range
Ir                                                                                                 orange                                    arm1 s      fighter
                                                           •                                       b lue gr.                                 length

      162   9 Jan   2225 1        R       Los Alamos,                 30°- 40° Horizontal          Incan­    Yes     2         None Oval                                           -disappeared      (1)
                                          Pew Mexico                  above                        des­              sees           with                                           •ehind tree s
                                                                      horizon                      cent                             trail
                                                                                                   green


                                                                                         €ONHDENTlAfc
                                                                                                           CONrWiTLM;
 Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                                                       Pare 30
                                                                                                                    r.... .........
                            s                                                                                                                                                                                  01
                                                                                                                                      ? ^    £                                                                 o I
                                                         o                                    r-4                                       o    o
                            !<P      W irH    >          o                                     erf o                                                                                                 i        •h    *
                            •0       P M                                                                                                    •H                                                  <p   p
                                              P                  -P o         -P   o          P -r4                   P
                                     o                                                                                                  0 P                                          P           o   d
 p                               p   > d
                                              Q
                                              w
                                                     H P O
                                                     d o p
                                                                  C -H b-C    0 ^              0 P                    o                 O d                                    :     0               o
                                                                  O -P -H     O 0          OOP                                         •H >
 o                               Q   P               P   p        C O fP                                                                                             ©                          P    Pm
 1                              '2   c               o d 3
                                                                              5 43         co n O            P        0 rd             P P                 o         p               P nd       Q    Pm
                                                                     P
                                                                     P ^
                                                                              cd -H                          o                          erf u
       -p
                   •H               tt c^
                                                     coo
                                                     o p c        O.-H <P                 o o o              o
                                                                                                                     <3 erf
                                                                                                                     P P
                                                                                                                                        P co
                                                                                                                                        P rQ        o
                                                                                                                                                           Pm '
                                                                                                                                                           d
                                                                                                                                                                     d
                                                                                                                                                                     Pm N
                                                                                                                                                                         q

                                                                                                                                                                     Pi ’H
                                                                                                                                                                               :
                                                                                                                                                                               •
                                                                                                                                                                                     d 0
                                                                                                                                                                                     Ch Q
                                                                                                                                                                                     Pm Pm
                                                                                                                                                                                                g
                                                                                                                                                                                                n
                                                                                                                                                                                                     d
                                                                                                                                                                                                     w
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Q
                                                                                                                                                                                                          q   «1
                                3 ° * .S             o< o
                                                                                                             o                                                                                            §   *4
      I960
                                                                                          O M P                      H                             co     co        < co
                                                                                                                                                                                                              *I
cl5   S Jan       2220 1                  R       Les Alamos,   Due VI       60°         Straight          Bluish    Yes              2          ' Ione Point- Appeared            10° per   Luminosity       (1)
                                                  Hot Mexico                 above       course            white                      sees              ed     as a point          second    stopped
              i
                                                                             horizon                                                                                                         suddenly
                                          n                                                                                                                                                                   A)]
164   9 Jan       2225 1                          Los Alamos,                75° - 80° Straight            Green­      • one 3                   11 one Round     -4 to -5         25° nor   Behind
                                                  How Lexico                 above     line                ish               secs                                 compared         second    horizon
                                                                             horizon                       white                                                  to Jupiter

165   12 Jan 1900 3                       Unk     Holloman,     To IT    '               Changed           • • ill CO N one 5                    l'i one Star     About sane                 Discontinued     (i)
                                                  Hew Loxico                             altitude          changed          mts                          1 ike    size of                    watching         (2)
                                                                                         orratic-          to                                                     V onus
                                                                                         ally              green
      — -------                                                                                            & red

166   13 Jan 0605 3                       Unk     Holloman      E to U                   Erratic­           hito   Hone Short                    IT one Star      About same                 Disappeared      (3)
                                                  AFB, Hot                               ally up           changed      time                            like      size as                    w/d aylight
                                                                                         & down            to                                                     Vonus
                                                                                                           green
                                                                                                           & rod

167   27 Jan 1715 1                       Unk     Scullville,   in                       Ascending         Vlhite                     30                                       •g that of | faded             (2)
                                                  How Jersey                           • at about          stroak                     mts                                      a fireworks gradually
                                                                                         60° angle                                                                             rocket at
                                                                                                                                                                               close
                                                                                                                                                                               rar p*c
168   7 Feb       1950 2                          Albuquerque, SSE to E j 40° - 45° Horizontal             Reddish Yes i 4-6                     Hone Round Twice size         About same Faded out in        (Di
                  2015                            Hot 1 cxico             above                            green         secs                         elon­ of evening         as falling atmosphere
                                      j                                   horizon                                                                     gated i star             stai
                        1                                                                              1                                              trail ?
                                                                                                                               -eoNDDD'rnAii
    Summary of Sigh-tings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cent)                                                                                                                                           Page 31
                                                                                                                                                                                      1-----------                     —
                                                                                                                                                       ch
                                       p h                                                                                     1
                                       •H O                  ©                                                                                          O 0                                                                              I     kA                o @
                                                                                                           rd d                                             O
                             co        H >                   o        . £ 43                                d o                                                                                                                                                 •H ■
                        io   5-4       •H h                                                                                                             0 -H
                                                                     P o^                   P o            P -H                                         O P
                             o         P 0          r—1 <4-4 O       0 -h                                                                                                                                p                p                    o d
    $4                  L    >          d w          d O ^           © P ’H
                                                                                            0 ^
                                                                                            O 2
                                                                                                         o 0 P                              o          •H d                                              0                0                        ©
    ©                   io   5-4       ^      i      5-1     5-4     5- O rH                d P
                                                                                                         w O 5-4
                                                                                                         ^ S) O                              0 rH
                                                                                                                                                       P >
                                                                                                                                                        d 5-4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           o                   ^4 04
  1
            -P
                   O         O                       O d 3           d o                    d ’H         3 -H >                       o     •H ‘H       $-4 Q
                                                                                                                                                                                      !    ©
                                                                                                                                                                                                         d ©
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           5 ^
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           d O
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               © 0:
                             w                       doo              04 $H                 0 P          OM                                  d d        0 w
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0o$©
                                       « Cm          O 0 O            04-H <M                                                                                                                            0 to              04 ©
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0 W O
                                                                                                         O O O                       o       ^ 5.                         o                                                0. 0.
            Q      EH                  * °                              n o                                                                                                                                                                    <3 ’H £
                                                                                                                                                    .......................... ........ —• 55'
                                                                                                           W P                              EH EH
                                                                                                                                     o                      O            co                             <3 co                 co                  Q d
           1950
. 169      7 Feb   1945 2              R          Between                                             Flat                         F ire-   Yes      2-4                Hone                                           Over 1,000            Faded out
                   2000                           Tucumcari &                                         Trajectory                   ball              secs                                                              mph                   suddenly
                                                  Kirtland                                                                         white
L                                                 AFB, Nev/
                                                  Hex ic o                                           r.. ,,...   .. . .. . „
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (1^
| 170      15 Feb 1530 1               Unk        Sandia Base, From NW                                                             Appear­ Yes       30                 K one Round                  That of a          Like                 Faded out
                                                  New Hoxieo   to W                       downward                                 ed red                                                            normal             shooting                                (3)1
                                                                                          above                                    & green                                                           marble             star trail
+---- _n                                                                                  horizon

i i7i      18 Feb 0510 5               R          Koi lo man                                          01 imbed                     White    Hone 1 hr                   H one Round                  Size of                                 Stopped            (2)
                                                  AFB, New                                                                         and           44                           to                     coffee cup                              observation
                                                  Mexico                                                                           orange        mts                          cone                   at arm’s
                                                                                                                                                                              shape                  length
| 172      20 Fob 0530 2               Unk        Holloman         Station-               1,000’      Stationary White                      Hone 5                      hone Round                   App size of Stationary                                     (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   V Disappeared
                                                  AbB, New                                above                                                  mts                                                 A- dollar                         from view
                                                  Mexico                                  9,000’                                                                                                     held at                          behind
                                                                                          Hit •                                                                                                      arm’s                             cloud
                                                                                                                                                                                                     length
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ..... .............. --------- ---- -..... .
 173       24 Fob 1335 1
                                   1
                                       R          Albuquerque, To W or
                                                  New Mexico   SU
                                                                                          20° to
                                                                                          230
                                                                                          above
                                                                                                      Straight
                                                                                                      flight
                                                                                                                               White        Hone n
                                                                                                                                                 mts
                                                                                                                                                                       Hone Round                    Compared in l|r mts. to
                                                                                                                                                                                                     size to up­ cover 2C
                                                                                                                                                                                                     per dark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                UJ
                                                                                          horizon                                                                                                    portion of
                                                                                                                                                                                                     moon as it
                                                                   ....................                                                                                                              rises in E

                                                                                                                 CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                                        €0NfWffiAt-
Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District CSI (cent)                                                                                                Pape 32
              ... ..............   —
                                          P    u                                                                             cn    d
                                                                c                               rH d                          o    o
                                   chv)                         o                                d o                              •H                                                       <P   P
                                   ° t    •H                         -p o X         p 5         P -H                          d p                                            Is             O   d
                                          P O           rH Cm   Q     q »h bo       d d          d p               o          o d                                                               O
                                   o £     d w           d O    ^     O P -H        o d       O O d                          •H >                            o                o             ^   Pm
    o                                     •H p                        Jh O r-1      k P       w « O               Id         p d                                              P nJ          O   P
         o        o                £ 0    P O           2    3        d o           d -n                   o                  d o                            d   o            d o           d   d o
                                                                                                                                                                                                       mJ
 1       p
         d
                                   so
                                           ©
                                          ^ Ch
                                                        doo
                                                        © Sn o            -H Ch
                                                                                    tUP
                                                                                    04 r—i    o o o        o
                                                                                                                   d    d     A co
                                                                                                                              2 o        o
                                                                                                                                                 S
                                                                                                                                                                 N
                                                                                                                                                             Pm ’H
                                                                                                                                                                              Ph O
                                                                                                                                                                              P-4 Pm
                                                                                                                                                                                            d   n o
                                                                                                                                                                                                       * *
                                                                                                                                                                                                       *
         P                                 *   O        e < o                                 o w -P       o      cP                                             r/\
        1950
174     24 Feb 1400 1                                 AIbuqueroue, E by SE        About                 Bright    Hone 20-30           Kone Round            Compared     Very si or.’   Faded out
                                                      how Mexico                  20°                   v/hito         secs                                  v?/size of                  of sight
1                                                                                 above                                                                      weather
                                                                                  horizon                                                                    balloon as
                                                                                                                                                             it disap­
                                                                                                                                                             peared in
                                          .........                                                                                            ............. distance.-

175 - 24 Feb 1930                         R           Datil, Hew    NVT                                 White     Yes       2 hrs      IT one Round                        1° per 2      Disappeared   (1)
***                                                   Mexico                                            chang­              30                                             mts •                       (2)
                                                                                                        ing to              mts
                                                                                                        red &                                          <
                                                                                                        green

176     24 Fob 1345 1                     Unk         Los Alamos,   2 then        25,000-    Straight   •Lute,    • one 20             f one                              Very fast      font strai­
                                                      Nov; Mexico   turned W      30,000’    UP         kept            mts                                                              ght up out
                                                                                                        flash-                                                                           of sight
                                                                                                        ir-G
                                                                                                        like
                                                                                                        mirror
                                                                                                        in ’sun

177     24 Feb 1340 1                     Unk Los alamos,           E to VI       30,000’    Straight   Silvery None 20                None                                              Wont strai­   (2)
                                                      Nev/ Mexico   W to E                   up         white        mts                                                                 ght up out
                                                                    then st*                                                                                                             of sight
                                                                    up
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (J
178     24 Feb 1315 1                     R           Los Alamos,   Erratic   20,000-                             N one 15             Nono Saucer 100T across As fast or Disappeared
                                                      Now Mexico    generally 30,000'                                   mts                 shaped if at       faster than
              i                                                     NE                                                                             20,000-     s ound
                                                                                                                                                   30,000’
          attached photograph,
                                                                                                ' - F’DENTIAL -
                                                                                                                ©NHBENWi
     Stannary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena                                                                                                                            Pare 33

                                 ^ 5°p
                                   •p                                                                                                                                1   s
1                                  0
                                   Gh               0                                            rd d                             :O O
                        •Q-< M i^d >                                 a p                          d o                                •rd                 1                                             P
                               ?-H J-,                         i p o z;                          P -H                                                                               p
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Ca
                                                                                                                                                                                                    o d
                             o :.O ©         rd 4^ ©           j £ -h to                          £ -P                                                                                                 G)
                                 d w         doh                 0 -P -H         0) 2                                              0 ^
     o                    O ^ •H X>                              ^ O rd          d p         W(D NO Q>^                       rd ! P £                                              <D
            o       o   :P 3 irH O
                                   O          odd
                                              doo                d               d ’H
                                                                                 P P
                                                                                             P -H >              0      •rdfl «id  d ©         nd             O
                                                                                                                                                              P  m        d ©            nd         O Cb
                                                                                                                                                                                                    dS iod o©
                                              o^o                  • rd <+q       m
                                                                                 P rd
                                                                                                                         d d       k w          §
                        t^ o * O             0^0
                                                                                  m          O Q O               o       U S  m                 o             2             -H                      S -h d
                                                                   n °                       O      P            o      Ed E  m                co            co          <? '0           CO            n d
          ; 1950 i
            24 P cb iBe— 1         R     Los alamos.           Circled         Consid­                        Alumi­    Yes                  None Spher­ Rather                  'Erratic         Unknown
                    itween               New Mexico            then E          erable                         num                                 ical   largo
                    11315                                                      altitude                                                            _ —
                    |1400

i 180     25 Feb 11545 12          R     Los Llanos,           Heading         30° -                           Flash­   None 3 secs N one Circu­ Small                           From very
                 ^1555                   New Mexico            toward          35°                             ing           to 2         lar    airplane                        slow to
                                                               ground          above                          :silver        mts          like                                   very fast
                                                                               horizon                                                    plane
                                                                                                                                          fuse-
                         -.... -                                                                                                          1 re               a


    181   25 Feb 2115 1            Unk   Albuquerque, Toward S                App. 20° Almost                 Bright Yes                     None Tear­              3 times      Slightly    Appeared i;o      C
                                         New Mexico                           above    vertical               green -                 secs        drop               size of a    slower than burn out
                                                                              horizon                         isn                                                    shooting     falling
                                                                                                              white                          ------ .j               star        .star
          25 Feb 0200 1            R     Datil, New            IW                                             ’<iite    Yes       30         Kone ; Pound                        1° per 2         Disappeared
                                         Mexico                                                                chang­             mts                                            mts              behind
                                                                                                               ing to                                                                             mountain
                                                                                                               red &
                        —                                                                                      green
    183   25 Feb 1410 1            R     Los Alamos, ; S to N                   1 to 3                        Metal- = None 2 mts            Hone 5i Oblong 10 - 15’             40 mph           Tent belov    G
                                         New Mexico                           1 miles at ;                    lie                                                                                 horizon
                               1                                                30°                                                                  J                                        1
                                                                                above    j                1
                                                                              1 horizon ’                 1                                          j
                                         -------------- —---
                                                                                                                              CONFIDENTIAL
    Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cent)                                                                                                           Page 34

                                        -H 5-4                                                                                                                                                                              £ 1
                                                               ©                                        M cd                                        o o                                                       1             •H
                            Oh W                               o             8 -E                        cd o     i                                                                                     Cm S_
                             O £                                                           -p ©         -P -H                            5-4                                               -P            O cd                d
                                33 ©
                               0)                      ।—1 0-1 O          £ ’H ^            0            £ -P         :                  O                                                  £                ©
                             ^   CO b.’ ■               CO O 5-4                                      ®     J-4                                                                                          5-4 £4
     0)                         •H
                             0 5m         •                    5-454      5h Q M     •      5-4 .p    MN®                 :              £ r~1                                              5-4 Td       © £                cd
                 ©    ©     rQ ©MO:                     O cd P            cd © 1x4   »      cd -h     £ -H >              1        O    •H -H       cd ©   | £        £       cd ©          cd ©         £ cd ©
                •P               0        •              coo              04 £       :      p4-p                                         cd cd      £ w      P        cd      £ m           £« ©         £ M O
                 cd             Cd CU :                 0) 5-< O          Pm-H O     !      Pird      O O O               j        O     5-4 5-4           1 O                £ h                        Cd ’H £            *
                Q     H     ^ O * O:                   0-^0              <q Q o      |     < <j       o W *P              :       O     &-< E<                                                               Q cd
              1950
              25 Feb 1545 1         R            iLos Alamos,          N to sirs     Very                                     Jill be   Lone               xi one 0 ircu- About size     Very fast    Disappeared           (3)
                                                 iNew Mexico                         high                                     to                   secs           lar     of 50/                      into glare
                                                 •                                                                            silver                                      piece at                    of sun
                      —                                                                                                                             rr                    its height

                                        R            Los Alamos,       S or SV I         12,000’                              Metal­    Lone Pew           Hone            Ab large or Rust           Faded from            (2)
    185       25 Feb 1550 1
                                                     Hew Mexico                                                               lic            secs                          larger than                view
                                                                                                                                                                           average                                  >
1                                                                                                                                                                          plane

    186       25 Feb 1545 14            R        Mos Alamos,           NE to SIT         Overhead Traveled                    Silver    lone               i one Ro .aid Vary from.      Very fast                          (2)
                     1555                        jllew Mexico                            at from w/a flut­                                         secs                  4. to           500 - 1500
                                                                                         4 to 10 tering                                            to                    small           mph
                            .———!                5                                       miles    motion                                           2 ats                 a i .'plane

    187       25 Feb 1655 1                          Los Alamos,       E to IT                                                Shiny                10-15   N one Round     About size    Slow speed   Disappeared           (2)
                                                     Hew Mexico                                                               s tlv-               secs                    cf P-25                    behind tree
                                                                                                                                                                           fjs 31age

                                                     Phoenix,          SE                40,000-     Moved up­   Alums -                Yes        10      None jOval   Sire of          Extremely    Disappeared           (2)
    188       10 Mar 1800 6
                     1850                            Arizona                             50,000’     ward at 60? nun or                            mts          jor ob- •rvo: 1          hi gh
                                                                                                     angle       yuick                                          j long                                                  :
                                                                                                                 sliver

                                                                       Traveled                      Straight                 Lrh Ite   N cne 1 hr         None jRound      Ping pong    180 to 200   Ceased                (2)
    189       5 Mar   1135 4            R            Vaughn,
                        1300                         New Mexico        195°                          flight                                        25                       ball at      mph          observation
                                    1                                                                                                              mts                      arm’s len-
                             i                                                                                                                                    4
          1           1                                                                                                                                                    15 th
j


                                                                                                             eGNFIDENTIAL
 Summary of Sightings of UnImown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District CSl (cont)                                                                                   Page 35

                              >o W
                             P £
                                             ©                                                                     p £                                                                                 ot
                         w
                             ■rl ©                                                                                 c o
                    <h       H >             o             ”2                         d O                             •ri                                                   ch   ^
                    o    p
                         ©
                             •H P
                             /J 0)     rH <P ©
                                                    ;   P o ^
                                                        a -h So
                                                                     p    o           p -H
                                                                                      £ P                o
                                                                                                                    £ P
                                                                                                                    o d
                                                                                                                                             p                               o d
                                                                                                                                                                                 ©
                    p    >    aS w      d O H           © P -H                      © O £                          •H >                                                      £   Pm
0)                  0    £   •H p       £    £                                      n n q

                                                                                                                            1
                                                        £ O P         £ P                                a rd      P £
      ©      0)     P    ©   H O        © d £           d ©           Cd -H                        o                d ©            Pm         d  ©             d  ©
                                                                                                                                                                             O Pm
                                                                                                                                                                             Cd©
      p             §    W              c © ©           Pm P          PmP                                cd   cd    £ co           d          Pm N                ©          £ w O
      d                      « Cm       O P O
                                       a <; o
                                                         Pm’H <^|     Pm i—<        o   o   ^     O                 2 a      o                Pm P                Pm
r—<   Q             s O *
                    sw=re;x:.
                                 O                      < Q    O                   u W o          o      EM EH     q a      co               <1 CO             < CO                                i* J
      19?0
      11 Mar 0100 1          R        Holloman          App 2 70°   About     Straight          Changed 'None 5 mts         N one ?ing    ring pong                      Disappeared 3
                                     ’AFB, Hot                      30° a-    flight            from    j                         pong    ball held                      from view
                                                                    bove                        light J                           ball    at arm’s
                                                                    horizon                     oranre i                                  length
                                                                    at dis- ;                   to
                                                                    tance of!                   blood
                                                                    50 miles                    red to
                                                                                                timber                                                                                                      1
                                                                                                to
                                                                               1                light
                                                                               t                green                                     ----- ——..... — .              «~....«w.....~MMM»Mm.>..1 i
191   16 Lar HOC 10          Unk     F armington,       1J to NE                   Turned on    Bright   1 one 3-5          iv one Flat   1 to 6"             Faster than Discontinued K2)
                                     Nev; Mexico                                   their axis lumin-           Hits                spher-                     convention­ observation
                                                                                   & maneu-   , ous as                             iodic                      al aircraft
                                                                                   vered up & .tin
                                                                                   down       •foil

      16 Mar 100C            Unk     Farmington,        NE          Over           Skyward at ’Bright    None 30            N one Oval    1/16” - i"          Faster than Gradually                    (2)
                                     Hot Mexico                     20,000’        at 60°-80° .alumi-         mts                 & ob­   held at             convention­ lisappeared
                                                                                                 tun                              long    arm’s               al aircraft
             ____ L—_|                                                                                                                    length

193   17 Mar 031C 1          R       Los Alamos,        T award                    Toward       Reddish None 1 sec          None                                         Appeared to                   (3)
                                     Hew Mexico         earth                      earth         then                                                                    fall to
                                                                                                .green .^                                                                earth

194   17 Mar 030C 1          R       Los Alamos,        1IE                        Level         Green­ N one: 3 secs None Round -^ size of                   Moderate    Like light                   (3)
                                     New Mexico                                    flight        ish                             1 full moon                              going cut
                                                                                                3£®ii2SL             1


                                                                                    —-HHW?
 Summary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District 031 (cont)                                                                                                                                                      Page 36
                    ...................


                                                    0■H                                                     rd    Ct5
                                                                                                                                               .................


                                                                                                                                                        o          o
                                                                                                                                                                         i
                                                                                                                                                                         •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    r                  ri
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       o
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      •rd
                                          <ri
                                           o  r
                                                a   >
                                                    R
                                                    O
                                                     M
                                                     •H
                                                                rd ^ O
                                                                      o            ri
                                                                              4> O 44         •p    ©
                                                                                                             ri   O
                                                                                                                                        ri
                                                                                                                                                              •rd       i                                                                           i   ri<o riri     -P
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ri
                                                                               ri ‘H to        ri           ri -p                       o              o           ri   !
                                           J- >  d w             d O ri        © -p -ri                  ©Ori
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              o
                                           © ?M •H 4J            ri   ri       ri O rd                                                                                                          a                                                       ri    Pm
                       i   O                                                                  ri -p      ©to ©               ri         C rd          -P           ri    :   rd   O
                                                rd O             © ri         ri ©            GS -H      k ‘H >                                                                                                                                         O fX
                                                                                                                             o         •id T-i         ri      ©        •                       ri    ©                        ri ©
                                                 O               ri o o        Oh ri          P. -P      3 ri               rd          ri cd          ri      w             5                                                                          S aS <D
                                                « *-4            O ri Q        CU-H <ri                                                                3                 :    O                                                cu ©                 |   ri w o
                                                                                                         O o o               o          ri ri                                                   P.-H                           OU 0U
                                          ^ O *                                                                                                                                                                                                                       *
                                          1=^h™™
                                                    o           0^0                                      O - -P             o          Fd Ed
                                                                                                                                      h==:
                                                                                                                                                     no                      co   CO           -^ CO                          <j CO                 1 .$8 5
                       50307 1                      !R        ?Los Alamos   ’Straight                   Straight        Orange ?Yes ,2-24                                hone :                                       ; Bremondou;                  Explosion o
                                                               Lew Mexico   •down                       down            & croon I   isecs                                                                                                           * impact with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    j earth or di
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    :integration

196 |17 Lar 10445? 1                                      jLos Alamos,      Formed an                   Formed an       Green          ’one 15 secs C one jRound IQuito small!Free fall                                                             17ell toward
                                                          MeV; ’ •©•■ico    arc                         arc                                                                                                                                         !earth
                                                                                                                                                                        4-

1197        17 liar ^0310! 1                              sLos Alamos,                                  Seemed to       Green         iione      5 secs L one ;Spher f^ size of                                       । Moderate                    .’Suddenly
                                                          plow - czico                                                  turn­                           I     -ical rmoon                                            i                              i
                                                                                                        change          ing to
                   4
                                                                                                        color,          yellow
                                                                                                        start down
                                                                                                        A disap­
       -:
                                                                                                        pear
                                                                                                                                                                                       ------------------------------ 4--------------------------

       ;17 Lar! 0307 1                              P     jLos Alamos,      Earthward                   Earthward                     'Yes       3 secs ■N one • Rovoid                4 size of                     iExtremely                     j Plunged to
                                                          plow Acxico                                                                                                                  full moon                     • fast                         । earth & 2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    J explosions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |were noted
                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                         ;prior to
                                                          1                               1                                       1                                                                                                                 :disappear-
                   I                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ' ance

199 |20 Lar 10115: 1                                Unk I Clovis, Now jErom LiF.7 {Above   !                            hfhite  | Yes jl - 2                             EoneLSpher                                  i 2,000 mph                    • Disappeared   i ( 3)
                                                        IMexico       !           112,000’ j                            !w/light;     {sees                                  ’ ical                                                                 । from view
                                                                                                                        ■ blue


                                                                                                                  ^HBENTfAE
      nary of Sightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OS I (cont)                                                                       Pare 37
                                                                                                       r..............
                           -P h                                                                            <w    c
                           •H O            o                               r—i Cd                      ;    O    O
                  ^4  W    rH >            o        c -p                    d o
                  o   ft   •H ft                 •POX                      p -H                             ft P                                                          ft
                      ©    P O       rH <H O     £ -H to                                                                                  p           p           •     o aS
                                                                            ft P              0             o cd                          ft
 ft                ft >     d co      d 0 ft     O p «H                                                    •H >                                        ft                 ©
                                                                         ©oft                                                                          ©                     Pm
 o                 o ft    •H rQ      ft   ft    ft O <H                 W N Q          ft    ft rH
                                                                                                                                                                        ft
                                                                                                           P ft          t       o         ft          ft TO            ©    Pa
 1                -2 °     rH O       o d        Cd © |X4                               o                   cd o          ft     Pm        d    o      cd O              ft aS    ©
        -p                  ©         coo           Pa ft       Pa P                   rH      cd cd        ft w          ft
                                      O ft o                                                                                     $         Pm   N      Pu ©              ft w     o
                                                    Pm-H Ch     Pa rH    o o o          o      ft ft        ft P          O                Pm-H
                  ft o     *   O     o < o       < Q     O                                                                                             Pm PU           * $ id     S
                                                                         O M P         o      EH EH        Q O           05     CO        << OD       <3 CO              -a n     cd

      2 950
200   21 -hr 1320 1        Unk     Sandia Base, e to sir      App 45°                2 ob­    Kone 10                    K one Round    App size of Excessive         Gradually
                                   Nev; Mexico                above                  jects         mts                                  dime at     to jet            faded from
                                                              horizon                silver                                             arm’s len­ flight             view
                                                                                                                                        gth

201   21 liar 1300 1       Unk     Sandia Base, NE to SE      40,000-                Varied   Nono 30                    none Round     Size of end About same Disappeared                    (2}
                                   New Mexico                 60,000'                from          Hits                                 of thumb at as jet air­
                                                                                     shiny                                              arm’s len­ craft
                                                                                     silver                                             gth
                                                                                     to
                                                                                     shady
                                                                                     gray

202   21 lir 1315 1        Unk     Sandia Base, E             75°                    White    Kone 5 nits                IT one Round   Smaller      App. 600 -       Disappeared             <2)
                                   Now Mexico                 above                                                                     than fist    700 mph          from range
                                                              horizon                                                                   at arm ’ s                    of vision
                                                                                                                                        length
                                                                                                                                                                  ....... —------- --- --- j --- ----
k°3   21 Jar 1300 4        Unk     Kirtland     SE to S       40° - 50° Zig-zag      Bright   None 1 mt                  None Round     Size of      About same Disappeared                   (2)
             1330                  AFB, Hew                   ab ove    mot ion up   silver                                             dime at      as fast jet from range
                                                              horizon & down                                                            arm’s        aircraft    of vision
                                                                                                                                        length

204   22 I'ar 1100 11      Uni:    Kirtland     NIT chang­ 25,000       Horizontal   Tan to   N one 5-o                  None R ly ing About size Extremely j Disappeared
                                   APB, 17 gw   ing to N to                          brown          secs                      wing      of golf   high speed !
                                   Mexico                  30,000’                                                                     ball held
                                                                                                                                        nt arm’s
                                                                                                                                       -iUl^L____


                                                                              eNHDENTIAl
Summary of fightings of Unknown Aerial Phenomena, 17th District OSI (cent)                                                                                                                                                               Page 38
           j---------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                -j------------   ———                                ------------------------ ^.^
                                              I:                w

           i                                               t'   S-.
                                                                o                                O                                                    rH d
                                                                                                                                                                                      j fa £
                                                                                                                                                                                      1 o o
                                                   fa w         >                                O                       si                            d o
                                                    O ^                                                                               •p o                                            i    *H                                                                          fa £
                                                                                                                                                                                      : 3 P
 o
                                                     £
                                                   O fa
                                                                o
                                                                CQ
                                                                                   rd fa O
                                                                                    dos-,
                                                                                    fa   fa
                                                                                                                    i
                                                                                                                    I
                                                                                                                         □ P
                                                                                                                         L. O
                                                                                                                                       d
                                                                                                                                       o 2       o 6                                     O d
                                                                                                                                                                                        •H >
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        P
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        £
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        o                   5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        O aS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ^ fa
 1              O                                               O                   Odd
                                                                                    doo
                                                                                                                    >
                                                                                                                    i
                                                                                                                         d o
                                                                                                                         fa ^
                                                                                                                              fa      p -p
                                                                                                                                                 CO   tsi
                                                                                                                                                 h *H b*
                                                                                                                                                            Q
                                                                                                                                                                      o     •H ‘H
                                                                                                                                                                                        -P k
                                                                                                                                                                                         d o
                                                                                                                                                                                         h W
                                                                                                                                                                                                       o
                                                                                                                                                                                                       cu               d o                 J
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             nd
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              o
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        O fa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        £60
                                                                                                                                                                                                       s                                      o
                                  H.___                    * fao                    O^o                                  fa -H fa
                                                                                                                         ^ pi o
                                                                                                                                                 c o
                                                                                                                                                 o W o
                                                                                                                                                                     o
                                                                                                                                                                     o      CH   fa    Q O
                                                                                                                                                                                                 o
                                                                                                                                                                                                CO     to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        fa N
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        fa fa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        < ^
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              fa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           < 05
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        eno
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       .$ ’^ 3

               1950                                                                                                 1                                                                           ------- —----                          ..—..— - ------ ..........
205            22 War 0010 3                               Unk            Sandia Base, SB to Erl                                                Line para­ Blue             Pone ^ - 3 Hone Round                                      1J sees 30° Burned out       — —1
                                                                          Nov/ Mexico                                                           llel w/linc center               secs       like                                       azimuth
                                                                                                                                                tangent to with                             ball
                                                                                                                                                the earth   orange                          from
                                                                                                                                                            exter­                          roman
                                                                                                                                                            ior                             candle
206            1 Apr              0420 1                   R              Los Alamos,                                   S to N      75°                           "White    Mono 1 see          Kone Round                                                          Disappeared
                                                                          New L-oxico                                               above                         light          or                                                                                 behind
                                                                                                                                    ■horizon.                                    1&1S                                                                               build in -*
2C7            17 Apr 1530 10                              R              Los Alamos,                                               2,000’      Januevered Light            none 20-30          Nono            1/16" at                                            Gradually                      (1)
                                                                          Hot; Mexico                                               above       up & dorm   green                secs                           arm’s                                               went out
                                                                                                                                    horizon     & from side bright                                              length                                              of sight
                                                                                                                                                to side     as tin
                                                                                                                                                            foil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   —
               20 Apr 1530 1                               R              Los Alamos,                                                           Maneuvered         Bright   Hone 15-30          None Rough- Est. 9T in                 faster than Lost sight                                      (2'
                                                                          Not/ Mexico                                                           up & down          metal­        mts                 iy     diameter                   convention­ of object
                                                                                                                                                                   lic                               circu­                            al aircraft
                                                                          •»(«•*•••#•«•••■•..> •••.... ^••••..•a.                                                                                    lar
209            1 ^^y              1510 2                   Unk            Kirtland                                      S’7 to NE Appare­       Mas angl­         Silver    none Hot            None Cylin­                            Tremendous                   Flash of                       0
                                                                          APB, Low                                                ntly a        ing down­         lucid          quite               drical                        j                                brilliant
      I•                      :           :
                                                                                                                                  few           ward              metal­         a sec                                                                              white light
                                                                      !                                                           thou­                           lic
                                                                                                                                  sand                            object                                                           i
                                          ;           j1                                                                                                                                                                           !
      1                                   i                           I                                                           feet                                                                                             1


                                                                                                                                                                CONFIDENTIAL
                                          AL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION              CC-150
                                          STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE


              To:   COMMUNICATIONS SECTION.
                                                      URGENT        10/18/50
              Transmit the following message to:
                                                      SAC, LOS ANGELES


              FLYING SAUCERS.   REBUTELS OCTOBER THIRTEEN AND SEVENTEEN LAST

              SUTEL IMMEDIATELY RESULTS OF YOUR INVESTIGATION TO IDENTIFY FRANK

        —-SCULLY, AUTHOR OF QUOTE BEHIND THE FLYING SAUCERS UNQUOTE


                                                      HOOVER


             EHM:Jo


   . Toleon
   • C}’M_
   . Glavln
   . Ladd “
   . Nichols'
   . Rosen '
   . Tracy
   • Egan


                                              4
   . uurnsa


sass
   . Harbo
   • “ohr
   . Pennington
   . Quinn Tam__
                                              S IMS
 Tele. Roon
 vr. Nease
 vise Gandy


                    52 NOVI 1950
                       SENT VIA________                        _M       Per
  COPIES destroyed
       270    NOV 23 1964
Director, FBI                                          October 18, 1950

SAC, Knoxville
RADAR DBTHCTIOB' GF IBIDSIT1FI2D
OBJECTS OVER OAK RUMS, October 12,
x5, 16>195O
PROT0CTIOE' OP VITAL IMBTAIXATICWS

     Remytel October 13, 1950.
     Bier® ie being submitted herewith a copy of two reports
aads by District Representative of the 061, 8th District, U. B.
Air Force, with regard to the detection, of unidentified object©
by the mans of radar, as set forth in referenced teletype,
reports continue to set forth additional reports conce
unidentified objects in the air space area over Oak Ri
which to date have not been explained.
      Vo investigation is being conducted by the Knoxville
in this natter, but any further information received from
frost CID representatives will be forwarded lisnsdiately.

Air Mail
COM: Jaw
65^75
Enc.
                >ERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

              CORRELATION & LI          N,SECTION

                   Date                 , 1950


   -Director                     ____

   -Mr. Tolson                               Room_yi6 <
   -Mr. Ladd                     ___ Mr. Ammarell
   _Mr. Belmont                  ___ Mr. Bates
   _Mr. Laughlin                 ___ Mr. Blair
                                      Mr. D. M. Brown
    .Mr. Keay                         Mr. J. W. Brown
    Mr. Bartlett                 ___ Mr. Cole
                                 ____Mr. Connell
    Mr. Baumgardner              —Mr. Conroy
    .Mr. Stanley                      Mr. DeLoach
    Mr. Hennrich                 ___ Mr. Dinsmore
                                      Mr. Ellis
    Miss                         ____Mr. Ferris
    Room___________              ___ Mr. Fipp
    .Mrs. Abel           / *     ___ Mr. Flaherty
    .Miss Cuddy _7xZC ^^              Mr. Foley
    .Miss Reddy           Z      ___ Mr. Gotschall
    Mrs. Schwab                  ___ Mr. Harrington
    .Miss Wielkiewicz        J   ___ Mr. Kuhrtz
                                     _Mr. Landis
___ Mr. Bromwell      '"             _Mr. Lawrence
     Identification Division /-^     ..Mr. Lynch
___ Miss Harrington, Room 7229       .Mr. Mansfield
___ Mail Room, Room 5533             _Mr. Martin
    Reading Room, Room 5531          _Mr. Millard
                                     _Mr. Moynihan
    Records Section                  _Mr. Noone
    Routing Unit                     .Mr. Ohenshain
    .Send file, up to date           .Mr. Ormond
    Send reference                   _Mr. Reynolds
                                     _Mr. Roach
                                     -Mr. Sanders
     See Me                          _Mr. Secord
    .Phone Me                        _Mr. Sullivan
    Please Handle                    _Mr. Torrillo


                                                    Q ^&K
                             IDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
                  U.S. ATOL^C ENERGY SECURITY SERVICE
                         LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO


                                       DATE    _______________________   195
                                              (Day)       (Month)


 1.   Name of Observer
                              Last                    First

      Station assigned Section

      Home Address                                      Telephone

      Names of other known observers


 2.   Time and date of sighting________ hours_________________________ 195
                                                Day        Month

 3.   Point of observation_________________________________________


 4.   Direction of object from observer


 5.   Distance of object from observer


 6.   Angle of elevation from horizon                    degrees


 7.   Direction of flight of object


 8.   Time in sight

 9.   Number of objects
                                                         NOT RECORDED
10.   Shape of object                                    -------------
                                          BC^
11.   Projections and/or indentations
            report ^Unidentified aerial objects (c^hd)-


12.   Apparent construction____________________________


13.   Apparent means of support and/or propulsion


14.   Size of object_______________________________________________________


15.   Luminosity of object______ _________________________________________
                           (Bright, very bright, glaring, etc.)

16.   Color of object______________________ ______________ _________________

17.   Sound____________________________________________ ___________________


18.   Odor__________________________ _______________________________________

19.   Speed_______________ ____________________________

20.   Evidence of trail or exhaust__________________________________ ____


21.   Effect on cloud s_____________________________________________________

22.   Tactics or maneuvers________________ ______________________________ _


23.   Manner of disappearance


24.   What attracted attention to object


25.   Additional Remarks of observer


                                      -2-
          REPORT   UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS


                             Obse rve r ’ s signature

                                                        Ti tie________________

26.   Additional remarks of investigator


                        Investigator's signature

                                Title
                                                    October 17, 1950

                                                     SAC LOS ANGELES            URGENT

                1'LYI G SAUCERS.   REBUTEL OCTOBER THIRTEEN LAST   SUTEL RESULTS OF

                YO’ R INQUIRY TO IDENTIFY FRANK SCULLY

                                                         HOOVER

                EHMsMH


                  VsLtSS^WlN^SriGni
                 C^n^                       RWM-’S
Ison
dd
egg__
 win
 ihols
 ten


         COPIES DESTROYED
         270   NOV 23 1964
   (SAUCER) -------- *                             ,                              ----- _
      DENVER—A CONSTRUCTION WORKER AT LO ALAMOS, N.'<              HA REPORTED
  THAT A STRANGE -BLINKING OBJECT* SOARED OVER A HIGHLY RESTRICTED AREA
  OF TIE: BIG ATOMIC ENERGY CENTER.
      LEE: ROBINSON OF THE ARMEX CONSTRUCTION COMPANY SENT THE DENVER POST
  A COPY OF A MIMEOGRAPHED FORM WHICH HE USED TO REPORT THE OBJECT TO THE
  AEC.
      THE FORMS ARE PREPARED ^YTTfEAECTORJ^EPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED?                        '
  AERIAL, OBJECTS AT LOS ALAMORT              --------------------- ---- ------- 7——
      THE ORIGINAL THREE-PAGE REPORT, ROBINSON SAID. WAS SUBMITTED TO THE
  ATOMIC ENERGY SECURITY SERVICE SEPT. 12., THE DAY ROBINSON AND
  EIGHT IOTHER EMPLOYEES OF THE ARMEX COMPANY SAY THEY SAV THE O BJECT.
      ROHINI ON SAID HE AND THE OTHERS WERE EATING LUNCH WHEN THE -
’ UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT PASSED OVER. HE SAID IT "VAS NOT A ALLOON OR A
  CONVENTIONAL TYPE OF AIRCRAFT.-
      ROBINSON SAID THE OBJECT APPEARED TO DE AT AN ALTITUDE OF ABOUT
  20.00 FEET. IT ALTERNATELY FLASHED BRIGHT AND BLACK AT INTERVALS OF '
  IVO SECONDS. HE SAID, AND WAS VISIBLE FOR THREE MINUTES AMD AO SECONDS.
      THE SPECIALLY MIMEOGRAPHED FORMS INDICATED THE AEC IS WIGHLY
  CONCERNED WITH UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS OVER THE PROJECT. THE FORMS
  CONTAIN SPACES FOR INFORMANTS TO REPORT ON LUMINOSITY OF OBJECT,
     ;   TT    '   '   or SUPPORT AN   PROPULSION AND -ODOR- OF THE OBJECT.
     10/Y—El OOSA


                                                                   NOT RECORDED
                                                                   5 OCT 23 1950


5 5 NOV 141950
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


                                                UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO                      LADD                                     DATE :   October 19, 1950^-
                                                                                    Tolson

FROM           A       H. BELMONT                                                   Jlev


SUBJECT:      FLYING SAUCERS
                                                                                    Tracy

                                                                                    Belmont
                                                                                    V ;.;•

                                                                          Tele. Room____
                       The matter of flying saucers was discussed by      Neese
              Special Agent Edward S. Sanders with Major General          Tandy
              Joseph F. Carroll of OSI on October 16, 1950, at which
              time General Carroll advised that insofar as he has
              been ableto determine the Air Force is not working on
              any type of "flying saucer” or "flying disk”. General
              Carroll stated that the Air Force is working on high
              altitude rockets and jet aircraft   He stated these
              experiments may account for some of the reports coneerning
              flying saucers but that the Air Force is not apparently
              working on anything which is the cause of the many flying
              saucers reports. He stated that the Air Force program
              for investigating reports concerning flying saucers, etc. ,
              has been reinstituted at Wright Field and that any perti­
              nent information of interest coming to his attention will
              be furnished to the Bureau.

              RECOM END ATI ON:
                               The foregoing is for your information.


              ESS:ilw


                                                 RECORDED - 38     OCT jWu ’550
                                                                  la
                                                RECElvED-LAOl
                                                   FBI
                                                 S DEPT. OF JUSTICE

                                               Oct 19 4 02 PH *50
 ,,^mcl ATION-LIAISON   ^£0'0 BELMON
^ V ■»'?                    f- B. i.
  . ^yi^PT.OF^M^CE      iJLl>i-9r JUSr!',.

 ’^ 2^ 711 PM ’50                            Oct 20 10 51 AH’50
                                             RECEIVED-TOLSON
                                                  F B I
                                             li S.DEPT or jusTirf
                                 November 24, 1350


        To        Director of Special Investigations
                  The Inspector General
                  Department of the Air Force     —
                  The Pentagon
                  Washington, D,C,
        From         Hdgar Hoover, Director, Federal bureau of Investigation
        Subject   FLTID

                  Hr, Aaron L, Hitchens, Chemical engineer in charge
        of the Chemical and Physical Laboratories of the winchester
        Repeating Aras Company, 275 Winchester Avenue, Hew Haven,
        advised the Hew Haven Office of this Bureau that on Friday,
        October 20, I960, he, his wife, and daughter, who reside at
        495 Ldgewood Avenue, Hew Haven, went out of their home into
        the back yard at approximately 6:15 p,n, His young daughter
        called his at ent ion to a star which was moving, and Mr,
        Hitchens noted a sphere-like object directly overhead that
        ga-C a steady golden-orange glow. He stated that this object
        was very high, being between ten to twenty thousand feet high,
        possibly higher. The glow given off was very steady, not
        blinking, and the whole sphere itself glowed in about the
        sane consistency. He witnessed this object for approximately
        twenty seconds, during which time it traveled in a westerly
        direction toward Mew York City, It then veered in a southerly
        direction, as if crossing Long Island      possibly in such a
        direction that it might have been traveling over Long Island
        He lost sight of this object as it disappeared behind trees.
                  He a ’-vised the sixe of the object was approximately
        ten times the diameter of Venus, which was shining very brightly
        that night. He' stated it o^ a very clear night and that all
son     the stars in the sky were twinkling, as compared to the steadiness
        of the glow giv^n off by thiq object, He advised that the object
ani­
lols
        did not appear io dimtnishA'in site as it traveled farther away,
        but appeared to Mountain about the sane size as when he first
7.


 m     UHM: eas
noticed it directly overhead. The same steady orange glow
persisted during the entire time that he witnessed it.
Although this object was actually cut from his sight by
nearby trees, Ur. Hitchens stated that it was so far away
at that time that he probably would have lost sight of it
very shortly. The object made no sound whatsoever, and
there seemed to be no attachments or projections of any
kind. Hr. Hitchens stated the object was a complete
circular ball. He had no idea as to the method of propulsion,
but advised that at the time it seemed to change directions,
probably over New York City, and that it seemed to back up
and go forward, possibly two or three times, in order to
execute a change of direction. There were no clouds in the
sky which interfered with his vision, and he could not comment
as to whether or not this object penetrated or circumvented
clouds. The object left no trail of any kind, and Hr. Hitchens
mathematically calculated its speed at between 400 and 700
miles per hour, depending on the height, which he stated he
could not accurately compute. He advised that he could not
recall any odors and had no idea as to the c onstructton of
the object.
          To Ur. Hitchens' knowledge, the only other persons
in this area to have witnessed the object were his wife and
daughter. Immediately upon sighting the object, Urs. Hitchens
ran to the door of neighbors occupying the same house as the
Hitchens to bring them to the yard. However, these neighbors
did not witness the object, since it disappeared before they
got outside.
           Ur. Hitchens stated that he is a Chemical Engineer
and has fifteen years of experience in research and development.
He is not a pilot, but has done considerable flying, and has
also done considerable reading, including technical data
concerning flying saucers and discs. He understands from
reading the above matters that the star Venus is often mistaken
by observers for flying saucers, and he pointed out that he
feels that he is familiar with astronomy and did not confuse
the object he saw with Venus, since he also recalled seeing
Venus in the sky on that particular evening, and compared the
siae of this object as being ten times Venus' diameter. He
also stated that he computed the speed at which this object
was traveling by using points in his area, such as roof tops
and tree tops, together with the distance he walked on the
ground in order to keep the object in sight.


                            - 2 -
          Upon receiving the above*i^format ion rm ^r.
Kitchens, he was avised that this ^>—^
information over to another Government a^Thfro, ^r. ..lichens
indicated his approval of this action, but specific-Ill'
requested that no public announcement or consent be given
to the fact that he had reported seeing the above object.
          The above information has been furnished to your
office for your confidential information and assistance
tn connection with the captioned natter. It is requested
that no dissemination be wade of this information.
Office M-emovcmdum • united states government
            DIRECTOR, FBI                                  datb:   November 9, 1950
from    :   SAC, NEW HAVEN
SUBJECT:    FLYIN3- DISCS’
            AARON LXffiTCHENS, INFORMANT


       The following is being brought to the attention of the Bureau so that it
       may be referred to the Department of the Air Force in connection with
       instructions set forth in SAC Letter No, 33, Series 1949, dated March 25,
       1949.
       Mr. AARON L. HITCHENS, Chemical Engineer in charge of the Chemical and
       Physical Laboratories of the Winchester Repeating Anns Co., 275 Winchester
       Avenue, New Haven, was interviewed in connection with other official business
       and furnished the following information:
       He advised'‘that on Friday, October 20, 1950, he and his wife and daughter,
       who reside at 495 Edgewood Avenue, New Haven, went out of the back door of
       their home to the back yard at approximately 6:15 P.M.    His little daughter
       called his attention to a star in the sky that was moving and Mr. HITCHENS
       noted a sphere-like object directly overhead which gave a steady golden orange
       glow. He stated that this object was very high between ten to twenty thousand
       feet, possibly higher. The glow given off was very steady and not blinking
       and the whole sphere itself glowed in about the same consistency. He witnessed
       this object for approximately twenty seconds during which time it traveled in
       a westerly direction toward New York City and then when Mr. HITCHENS believed
       that possibly it was near or over New York City, it then veered in a souther­
       ly direction as if crossing Long Island or possibly in such a direction that it
       might have been traveling over Long Island. A He lost sight of this object as
       it disappeared behind trees in his vicinity.' He advised that as to the size
       of the object, it was approximately ten times the diameter of Venus, which
       was shining very brightly that night. He states it was a very clear night
       and that all the stars in the sky were twinkling as compared to the steadi­
       ness of the glow given off by this object.       He advised that the object
       did not appear to diminish in size as it traveled farther away from him but
       appeared to maintain about the same size as when he first noticed it
       directly overhead. The same steady orange glow persisted during the entire
       time that he witnessed it. Although this object was actually cut from his
       sight by nearby trees, Mr. HITCHENS states that it was so far away from him
       any way that he probably would have lost sight of it very shortly due to
       distance had the trees not intervened. The object made no sound whatsoever
                              RECOiiucU - iUZ-
       MHF:FGM
                                   INDDCD '11
       3JIIMII JQ 1UJU i ff
             18 J
^   ^ *S‘HWM3sivmiNi
Letter to the                                                 11/9/50


and there seemed to be no attachments or projections of any kind, just
a complete circular ball. He had no idea as to the method of propulsion
but advised that at the time it seemed to change directions, probably over
New York City, that it had seemed to back up and go forward, possibly two
or three times in order to execute a change of direction. There were no
clouds in the sky that interfered with his vision of this object and he
could not comment as to whether or not this object penetrated or circum­
vented clouds. The object left no trail of any kind and Mr. HITCHENS
mathematically calculated its speed at between four hundred and seven
hundred miles per hour, depending on the height which he stated he could
not accurately compute. He advised that he could not recall any odors
and had no idea as to its construction. To his knowledge the only other
persons in this area to have witnessed this object were his wife and
daughter. Immediately upon sighting the object, his wife ran to the door
of neighbors occupying the same house^as the HITCHENS to bring them to
the yard. However, these neighbors haa not witnessed^ the object'^s*ty
the time they got outside the object had disappeared.
Mr. HITCHENS stated that he is a Chemical Engineer, has fifteen years
of experience in research and development. He is not a pilot but has
done considerable flying and has also done considerable reading, includ­
ing technical data concerning flying saucers and discs. He understands
from reading the above matters that the star Venus is often mistaken
by observers for flying saucers and he pointed out that he feels that he
is familiar with astronomy not to confuse the object he saw with Venus
as he also recalls Venus in the sky on that particular evening and compared
the size of this object as being ten times Venus’ diameter. He also states
that he computed the speed at which this object was traveling by using
points in his area, such as, roof tops and tree tops together with the dis­
tance he walked on the ground in order to keep the object in sight.
Mr. HITCHENS was advised that the Bureau would turn this information over
to another agency and indicated that this was according to his approval.
He specifically requested that no public announcement or comment be given
to the fact that he had reported seeing the above object. Mr. HITCHENS
appeared to be a very reliable and sincere individual and evidences con­
siderable technical knowledge and experience in reporting the above inci­
dent.
    DIRECTOR, FBI                                          November 9, 1950
    SAC, NEW HAVEN
    nmc discs
    AARON L. HITCHENS, INFORMANT


The following is being brought to the attention of the Bureau so that it
may be referred to the Department of the Air Force in connection with
instructions set forth in SAC letter No. 38, Series 1949, dated March 25,
1949.
Mr. AARON L. HITCHENS, Chemical Engineer in charge of the Chemical and
Physical Laboratories of the Winchester Repeating Arms Co,, 275 Winchester
Avenue, New Haven, was interviewed in connection with other official business
and furnished the following information:
He advised that on Friday, October 20, 1950, he and his wife and daughter,
who reside at 495 Edgewood Avenue, New Haven, went out of the back door of
their home to the back yard at approximately 6:15 P.M.   His little daughter
called his attention to a star in the sky that was moving and Mr. HITCHENS
noted a sphere-like object directly overhead which gave a steady golden orange
glow. He stated that this object was very high between ten to twenty thousand
feet, possibly higher. The glow given off was very steady and not blinking
and the whole sphere itself glowed in about the same consistency. He witnessed
this object for approximately twenty seconds during which time it traveled in
a westerly direction toward New York City and then when Mr. HITCHENS believed
that possibly it was near or over New York City, it then veered in a souther­
ly direction as if crossing Long Island or possibly in such a direction that it
might have been traveling over Long Island.     He lost sight of this object as
it disappeared behind trees in his vicinity. He advised that as to the size
of the object, it was approximately ten times the diameter of Venus, which
was shining very brightly that night. He states it was a very clear night
and that all the stars in the sky were twinkling as compared to the steadi­
ness of the glow given off by this object.      He advised that the object
did not appear to diminish in size as it traveled farther away from him but
appeared to maintain about the same size as when he first noticed it
directly overhead. The same steady orange glow persisted during the entire
time that he witnessed it. Although this object was actually cut from his
sight by nearby trees, Mr. HITCHENS states that it was so far away from him
any way that he probably would have lost sight of it very shortly due to
distance had the trees not intervened. The object made no sound whatsoever
MHF:FGM
Letter to the Director                                        11/9/50

and there seemed to be no attachments or projections of any kind, just
a complete circular ball* He had no idea as to the method of propulsion
but advised that at the time it seemed to change directions, probably over
New York City, that it had seemed to back up and go forward, possibly two
or three times in order to execute a change of direction. There were no
clouds in the sky that interfered with his vision of this object and he
could not comment as to whether or not this object penetrated or circum­
vented clouds. The object left no trail of any kind and Mr. HITCHENS
mathematically calculated its speed at between four hundred and seven
hundred miles per hour, depending on the height which he stated he could
not accurately compute. He advised that he could not recall any odors
and had no idea as to its construction. To his knowledge the only other
persons in this area to have witnessed this object were his wife and
daughter. Imnediately upon sighting the object, his wife ran to the door
of neighbors occupying the same house as the HITCHENS to bring them to
the yard. However, these neighbors had not witnessed the object as by
the time they got outside the object had disappeared.
Mr. HITCHENS stated that he is a Chemical Engineer, has fifteen years
of experience in research and development. He is not a pilot but has
done considerable flying and has also done considerable reading, includ­
ing technical data concerning flying saucers and discs. He understands
from reading the above matters that the star Venus is often mistaken
by observers for flying saucers and he pointed out that he feels that he
is familiar with astronomy not to confuse the object he saw with Venus
as he also recalls Venus in the sky on that particular evening and compared
the size of this object as being ten times Venus' diameter. He also states
that he computed the speed at which this object was traveling by using
points in his area, such as, roof tops and tree tops together with the dis­
tance he walked on the ground in order to keep the object in sight.
Mr. HITCHENS was advised that the Bureau would turn this information over
to another agency and indicated that this was according to his approval.
He specifically requested that no public announcement or coment be given
to the fact that he had reported seeing the above object. Mr. HITCHENS
appeared to be a very reliable and sincere individual and evidences con­
siderable technical knowledge and experience in reporting the above inci­
dent.
oopyjbw


                            DERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA
                            .S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
                             COMMUNICATIONS SECTION

                                   OCT 13 1950

                                   TELETYPE


SAC, KNOXVILLE              10-13-50          8-26   PM   JYC

DIRECTOR, FBI           URGENT

RADAR DETECTION OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS OVER OAK RIDGE OCTOBER TWELVE

NINETEEN FIFTY, PROTECTION OF VITAL INSTALLATIONS.         USAF RADAR INSTALL­

ATION AT KNOXVILLE AT ELEVEN TWENTYFIVE PM, EST, OCTOBER TWELVE, PICKED

UP INDICATIONS OF ELEVEN OBJECTS AND PERHAPS MOuE TRAVELING ACROSS

CONTROLLED AREA OF ATOMIC ENERGY INSTALLATION AT OAK RIDGE.          ALTITUDE

OF OBJECTS VARIED FROM ONE THOUSAND TO FIVE THOUSAND FEET, COURSES

FROM SOUTH SOUTH EAST TO SOUTHEAST, AND DENSITY FROM READING MADE BY

LIGHT AIRCRAFT TO AIRCRAFT EQUAL IN SIZE TO C FORTY SEVEN, SPEED

FROM ONE HUNDRED TO ONE HUNDRED TWENTYFIVE MILES PER HOUR.          FIGHTER

PLANE ATTEMPTED TO INTERCEPT IN FEW MINUTES AND RADAR SCREEN REFLECTED

CONTACT, BUT PLANE REPORTED MO OBJECT COLO BE SEEN EITHER VISUALLY

OR ON PLANES RADAR SCREEN       ABC PATROL WAS ALERTED BUT NO OBJECTS COULD

   VISUALLY SIGHTED BY THEM OVER THE AREA OTHER THAN THE AIR

FORCE INTERCEPTOR.   OSI AND EASTERN AIR DEFENSE FORCES HAVE BEHN

ADVISED AND ARE CHECKING INCIDENT. NO REASONABLE EXPLANATION FOR

RADAR READINGS YET DEVELOPED ALTHOUGH OPERATORS ARE EXPERIENCED

RELIABLE PERSONNEL AND RADAR SET IS IN PERFECT OPERATING CONDITION.

BUREAU WILL BE ADVISED OF FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS

ROBEY
                                                                                 16/
ACK AND HOLD PLS
                                                            £ . 1950 NOV 22
8-31    PM OK FBI WASH DC GAR
                                                     g
FBI WASHINGTON DC              12-5-50         4-47 PM       GAR
SAC, KNOXVILLE                 URGENT
DETECTION OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJCXXX OBJECTS OVER OAK RIDGE AREA, PROTECTION
OF VITAL INSTALLATIONS.     REURTEL DECEMBER FOUR LAST REGARDING POSSIBLE
RADAR JAMMING AT OAK RIDGE.        ARRANGEMENTS SHOULD BE MADE TO OBTAIN
ALL FACTS CONCERNING POSSIBLE RADAR JAMMING BY IONIZATION OF PARTICLES
IN ATOXXX ATMOSPHERE.     CONDUCT APPROPRIATE INVESTIGATION TO DETERMINE
WHETHER INCIDENT OCCURRING NORTHEAST OF OLIVER SPRINGS, TENNESSEE,          x
COULD HAVE HAD ANY CONNECTION WITH ALLEGED RADAR JAMMING.          SUTEL    £
IMPORTANT DEVELOPMENTS.
                          HOOVER
SND

CORRECT LAST WORD FIRST LINE PLS                                            o


OK D FBI KX OLO
                          COMMUNICATIONS SECTION                              Mr. Clegg------ ■
                                                                              Mi. Glnvin ----

                              DEC ’ 81950                                     MpflTichols
                                                                              Mr. Rosen------
                                                                              Mr. Tracy------

                               FELETYPE                                       Mr. Harbo -----
                                                                              ,Mr. Belmont!^.

                                                                              Mr. Mohr
         RICHMOND        12-8-50               09 PM    MEW                   Tele. Room
                                                                              Mr. Nease ___
     IRECTOR        URGENT
    RE FLYING SAUCERS.       THIS OFFICE VERY CONFIDENTIALLY ADVISED
    INTELLIGENCE, RICHMOND, THAT THEY HAVE BEEN PUT ON IMMEDIATE
    ALERT FOR ANY DATA WHATSOEVER CONCERNING FLYING SAUCERS.            CIC
    STATES BACKGROUND OF INSTRUCTIONS NOT AVAILABLE FROM AIR
    INTELLIGENCE, WHO ARE NOT AWARE OF REASON FOR ALERT LOCALLY
    BUT ANY INFORMATION WHATSOEVER MUST BE TELEPHONED BY THEM
    TO AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE.         CIC ADVISES DATA STRICTLY CONFI
    AND SHOULD NOT BE DISSEMINATED
                                             AUERBACH    DEC’ 13 1950
                                                        3
                                       RECORDED - 81


    12-11 PM OK FBI WA NRJ
6SDEC191950
         2^


                       ’ m 'Hi -o H3U S n
^c/ 6?                     I 9 J
                       MO$101-a3Al333M

 / c '^Oe.             l&HdMS      8 Mj

              S' '■)
 ^VNG^
              t

 ‘ W ^ /;
                                                      November 4     1950


DETECTION OF UNXTENTIFIKD OBJECTS
AT OAK RIDGE, October 20,23,2^,26, 1950
PROTECTION OF VITAL INSTALLATIONS


           Submitted, herewith is copy of CIC reports on above
caption matter. Further information as received will be forwarded,
to Bureau.


Enol. (Air Mail)
COM: JT
65475


                                               .“T    • -ORDWU
                                              $8 195C NOV 22


                                                       ,mt* «* <»w‘“t
CLASSIFIED                        | -CONFIDENTIAL
  INCOMING
                                             DEPARTMENT OE THE ARMY
MESSAGE                                   STAFF COMMUNICATIONS OFFICE


                                           RECEIVED FRO
      ——------ -------- -—                                PARAPHRASE HOT REQUIRED
      PRIORITY.

      FROM 8        CGUSARAL FT RICHARDSON ALASKA FROM ARGSI

      TO 8          DEFTAR WASH DC FOR AO CFS G2
      DTG:          1503*52                                                                               15 DEC 50
               Alaa Air Comd reports military jet pilots vic
     Fairbanks while over Weeks International Field at an altitude
     of 8000 feet observed a flash of light, yellow in color at an
     altitude between 25,000 and 30,000 feet. Horizontal
     distance to object was aprx 50 miles. Soon after flash a
     dark brown smoke appeared to r^er or climb at an angle of
     40 degrees. At the leading edge of the smoke at aprx 100
     feet appeared an object either cigar shaped or a fuselage
     without wings travelling at terrific spesd. Pilots started
     pursuit on heading of 210 degrees mag, indicating 380 at
     every steep climb.   Pursuit continued until pilots reached
     village of clear and lost sight of object. Meantime object
     gained altitude and speed and disappeared because of
     distance of aprx 50 to 55,000 feet. Color of amok© brown^
     color of object dark and no reflection from sunlight. Pilots
     assured of shape because of perfect silhouette against the
      sun.  One pilot had object In view aprx 4^ mine. First
      sighted at 150026Z. Coordinates 64 degs 13 mins North, 149
      dogs 30 mins West. A< * info will be fwd when obtained.


                                                                 '!OT REfcOWMEb
                DECLASSIFIED
                                                                     DECI 21 ft50
                    Authority:

                    NND 90986


      ACTION:

       INFO:


      CM IN
                     G2,

                     G3i AF


                     932
                                               M1   (15 Dec 50) OTO: 150345Z                                rvk/7


illite 271350                             CONFIDENTIAL                                 COPY NO.
                                 REPLACES DA SCO FORM 22-3. 15 JAN 49. WHICH MAY BE USED.   £ U. S. government printing OFFICE   1950-0-8681.9
CHANGED TO
bS- F^/z/ -
                                                                            Mr, To1bo»*L


Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT                                Mr. S’
                                                                            Mr
           DIRECTOR FBI                                   DATE:   2-10-51   Mr


           SAC KNOXVILLE

SUBJECT:   UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS OVER
           OAK RIDGE AREA, PROTECTION                                       Tl
           OF VITAL INSTALLATIONS                                           Mr. Jie
                                                                            BCa* Gaudy _


           Re Knoxville letter dated. 12-13-50


           For information of the Bureau, the below listed copies of
           CIO, G-2 Third Angy, pertaining to captioned matter are
           forwarded herewith*

           Report of SAC WILLIAM B. GRAY, CIC, dated 1-2-51, entitled
           ’’Object Sighted Over Oak Ridge, Tennessee."

           CIC reports dated 1-20-51, entitled. "Objects Sighted Over
           Oak Ridge, Tennessee".


           Enclosures - 2
           65-^75
           CCM/wJ


           ^Tl^-^ ^(T^
           ^^^>n ^^Tagg
                                     RECORDED-42    FEB'181951


WEB 19 W
    ' ‘ -                 B     -e^eEMKTIAfF              O        COPY/wJ
                                                                  2-10-51
*      •                        SWMkRY OF INFORMATION               -     .

            111th CIC, FAO # 8, P. 0. Box 379# Knoxville, Tennessee.

OBJECT SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE,
  TENNESSEE.


(in compliance with letter AJACI-360.33 General, dated 15 November 1950,
Headquarters, Third Army. SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft, the following is
submitted.)
A. Location and Time of Sighting:
        Between 0820 and. 6030 hours on 18 December 1950, on the Turnpike,
   within the controlled area, approximately one (1) mile from the White
   Vins entrance and Y-12 plant.
B. Weather at the Time;
        At 0730 hours - wind from the Northeast, seven (7) miles per hour;
   temperature - 20 degrees F. according to the Atomic Energy Commission
   Meteorological Division.
C. Names, Occupations, and Addresses of Witnesses:
            Dr. A. J. Miller, 518 Delaware Avenue, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
            Dr. V. P. Calkins, 105 Disston Road, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
            Mr. J. Frank Coneybear, 119 Meadow Road, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
            Mr. A. 0. Mooneyham, 101 Dewey Road, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
            Mr. F. T. Bly, 221 Villanova Road, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
            Lt. Col. John R. Hood, U.S.A.F., 200 Virginia Road, Oak Ridge, Tennessee
            Cdr. E. W. Hribar, U.S.N., 103 Norris Lane, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
            Maj. Walter L. Cares, U.S.A.F., NEPA Division, Fairchild Engine and
              Airplane Corporation, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
D.     Photographs of Objects, if available:
            None.
E.     0tJeot Sighted:
            A-TigSt-"amanating in the shape of a circle, of an intensity much greater
       that that of a bright moon, giving the impression of form in connection with
       the light. The light was white in appearance and did not show any signs of
       refraction into a band or continuous spectrum. This object was traveling in
       a Northwesterly direction, 15 to 30 degrees elevation above the horizon, and
       appeared to diminish considerable in size during thirty seconds of observati
       To another group, the object appeared only as a bright reflection of the sun
       from an apparently metal surface. No accurate estimate of the object's size
       or range could be made from the observation.
F.     Any other pertinent Information:
       ^^ yFc^o^iji^l^ $y^ from the Radar Log maintained by the McGhee Tyson
                                                     2 January 1951

     111th CIC, FAO #8, P. 0. Box 379# Khoxville, Tennessee.
OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RUBE,
  TENNESSEE.


F.   (Continued.)
          "0832 hours - Atomic Energy Commission reported, aircraft over
     Northeast end. of area - no paint. (Paint meaning indication on the radar
     scopes.)
         ”0839 hours - Small paint near Southeast corner of area on 190 degree.
     (Magnetic hearing of objects travel.)
         "0845 hours - Lost contact. Fighter interception was attempted with
     negative results."
           Attached hereto are two certified true copies of the statements made
     by. the above mentioned observers.

Attachments - 2


                                          2
                          STATEMENT

      Following is a report of the sighting of an unidentified
object in the Oak Nidge Area by the undersigned. On the morning of
18 December 1950, the following personnel were riding to their work
at NEPA Division, Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corp., in the S-50
Area at Oak Ridge, Tennessee:
           Lt. Col. John R. Hood, USAF
           Cdr. E. W. Hribar, USN
           Major James L. Steele, USAF
           Jamor Walter L. Carse, USAF
           Mr. James R. Gray
           Mr. William G. Frey
Mr. Gray, Commander Hribar, and Major Steele were riding in the front
seat; Col. Hood, Major Carse, and Mr. Frey were in the rear.
      At approximately 0827, while riding southwest on the turnpike
Just outside the restricted area, Col. Hood sighted a very bright
reflection through the windshield of the car. Major Carss, who was sit­
ing beside Col. Hood and whose attention was attracted by Col.
Hood's looking at the sky, sighted the same reflection. Col. Hood then
called the attention of the remaining occupants of the car to the
reflection. Of these, Commander Hribar also sighted the inflection,
but Mr. Gray, Mr. Frey, and Major Steele did not sight it.
      The reflection was visible through the front windshield of the
oar only for a moment because, shortly thereafter, the road turned to
the right. The corresponding turn of the car so placed the relative
position of the reflection that it could not be seen through the left
front window, which was frosted. The windshield, however, was not
frosted and permitted excellent vision.
      The object appeared only as the bright reflection of the sun from
an apparently metal surface, much as might be expected from an aircraft
at a great distance. No accurate estimate of the objects siao or range
could be made from the observation. It appeared to be west-southwest
of Oak Ridge Townsite at an angle of elevation of about 25 degrees from
the level.

s/john R. Hood, Jr.                   t/jOHN R. HOOD, JR., Lt. Col. USAF
s/Edward W. Hribar                    t/EDWARD W. HRIBAR, Commander, USN
s/Walter L. Carss                     t/WALTER L. CARSS, JR., Major, USAF

                                                CERTIFIED TRUE COPT:

                                                WILLIAM B. GRAY, SAC, Knoxville,Tenn
                            WHfflKAfr

                                  This document contains Information affecting
                                  the national defense of the United States
                                  within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title
                                  18 U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794. Its trans-
                                  mission or the revelation of its contents in
                                  any manner to an unauthorized, person is
                                  prohibited by law.
                             December 28, 1950
SUBJECT: Visual Observation on December 19, 1950
TO:      Mr. William G. Frey
         Assistant to the AF Plant
           Representative for Security
         Office of the AF Plant Representative
         Air Material Command
         NEPA Division
         Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corporation
         Post Office Box E
         Oak Ridge, Tennessee
1.       On December 18, 1950, at sometime between 0820 and 0830, the
         following NEPA employees were riding in a vehicle on the Turn­
         pike within the Controlled Area toward the NEPA Project approx­
         imately one mile short of the "Y" cutoff to White Wing entrance
         and Y-12:
                                 Dr. A. J. Miller
                                 Dr. V. P. Calkins
                                 Mr. J. Frank Coneybear
                                 Mr. A 0. Mooneyham
                                 Mr. F. T. Bly
2.       The passengers, with the exception of Dr. Calkins, who did not
         attempt to participate In the viewing, observed a light emanating
         In the shape of a circle, of an intensity much greater than that
         of a bright moon, through the windshield of the vehicle. The
         viewers had the impression that there was form In connection with
         the light rather than merely a point source. The light was white
         in appearance and did not show any signs of refraction into a band
         or continuous spectrum. It appeared to be from 15 to 30 degrees
         elevated above the horizontal and on an axlmuth between west and
         northwest, and appeared to be traveling in a northwesterly direction.
         The impression of its traveling is due to the fact that the object
         appeared to diminish considerably in size during the approximate
         thirty seconds during which It was viewed. The vehicle remained
         In motion and in following the course of the road, changed its rel­
         ative position so that the object was viewed during the last few
         seconds from the side windows. As the vehicle proceeded down the
         road a near-by ridge obstructed the view of the object, and although
         the vehicle completed the turn toward K-25 at the "Y" intersection
                                     CONFIDENTIAL

                   a;rch 1,: Engine and Airplane Corporation
                NEPA Division, P. 0. Box 415, Oak Ridge, Tenn.
                             WW?S&

 Mr. William G. Frey                                December 28, 1950
 Assistant to the AF Plant                          Page 2
  Representative for Security
 Subject: Visual Observation on
          December 18, 1950

          and the passengers had a relatively clear view at points along
          the road, the object was not viewed again. The observers were un­
          able to estimate approximate size, speed, or vertical elevation;
          and, therefore, were not certain whether the object was over the
          Controlled Area or a considerable distance away. There was no
          vapor trail or any other visible condition within the vicinity of
          the object and there were no clouds which could have obscured it.
          The observers were unable to identify the object in terms of mass
          or shpae, other than the circular appearance of the light. How­
          ever, the circular area appeared to darken, starting at approx­
          imately 7:00 to 9:00 o'clock along the perimeter and continuing
          to darken along the purlmeter and inner area until the light was
          concentrated in approximately 1:00 to 3:00 o'clock position of a
          very small diameter, at which point It appeared somewhat similar
          to a large star.
3.        The observers were not In complete agreement as to whether the
          object was moving at a speed which caused it to diminish in size
          or actually was diminishing in size without any great velocity of
          travel due to the darkening effect described above.
                                                 NEPA Division
                                    FAIRCHILD ENGINE ABD AIRPLANE CORPORATION


                                                   s/ Gene A. GoodJen
                                                   t/ GENE A. GOEDJEN
                                                   Plant Protection Manager
          GAG:VM


                          Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corporation
                      NEPA Division, P. 0. Box 415, 0a^ Ridge, Tenn.
          CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:

          WILLIAM B. GRAY, SAC, Knoxville, Tenn.
                                                               20 January 1951
Ultk CIO Detachment, FAO #8, P.O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee

OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE,
  TENNESSEE
     (In compliance with letter AJACI-360,33 General, dated. 15 November 1950.
     Headquarters, Third Army, Subject; unconventional Aircraft, the following
     is submitted.)
A.   Location and Time of Sighting:   On 12^7 hours on 20 December 1950.
B. Weather at Time of Sighting: At 1200 hours on 20 December 1950; Ceiling -
   2700 feet; broken overcast; Seven miles visibility; Temperature - 37 degrees
   F; Dev Point - 31 degrees; and Wind - Calm.
C. Names, Occupations, and Addresses of Witnesses: Personnel of the 663rd
   AC &C Squadron, and the 5th AN Fighter squadron, McGhee Tyson Airport,
   Knoxville, Tennessee
D.   Photographs of Objects, if available:   None
E.   Object Sighted: The radar log of the 663rd AN and C Squadron, McGhee Tyson
     Airport, Knoxville, Tennessee contained the folloving entry: ”20 December
     1950. 12^7 hours. Small paint in area (Oak Ridge Controlled Area). Very,
     very slov. Made perfect intercept (vith F-82 Fighter aircraft) and orbit
     surrounding small smoke cloud.”
F. Any other pertinent information: This report io made because of its
   possible aid in determining the identity ef the numerous unidentified
   objects sighted over Oak Ridge, Tennessee
     SOURCE: Personnel of 663rd AC &W, Squadron, McGhee Tyson, Knoxville,
     Tennessee, and the log of the 663rd AC&W Squadron.
                                                          20 January 1951
111th 0IC Detachment, FAO #8, P.O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee
OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGES,
TENNESSEE

(In compliance' with latter AJACT-360.33 General, dated 15 November 1950,
Headquarters, third Army, Subject; Unconventional Aircraft, the following is
submitted.)
A. Location and Time of Sighting: From 1605 hours for about three (3) hours,
on 14 December 1951, on the Radar Scopes of the 663rd AC and W Squadron,
McGhee Tyson Airport, Knoxville, Tennessee.
B. Weather at the Time: At 1600 hours on 14 December 1950—"Ceiling-2100 feet;
   Broken overcast; Seven (7) miles visibility; Temperature- 37 degrees F.;
   and Wind - Southwest at thirteen (13)miles perhour.
C. Names, Occupations, and Addresses of Witnesses: Personnel of the 663rd
   AC and W Squadron, 30th Air Division, McGhee Tyson Airport, Knoxville,
   Tennessee, who were on duty at the time. Their occupations are Radar
   operators, Supervisors, and experts.
D.   Photographs of Objects, if available: No photographs taken.   See "F" below.
E.   Object Sighted; A group of targets blanketed the Radar Scopes in the area
     directly over the government Atomic Energy Commission projects at Oak
     Ridge, Tennessee. These objects could not be identified from the radar
     image and a perfect fighter interception met with hegatlve results.
F. Any other pertinent information: Lt. Robinson of the 663rd AC and W
   Squadron, McGhee Tyson Airport, Knoxville, Tennessee took photographs of
   the scope readings with a personal, four (4) by five (5) Speed Graphis
   Camera, using Plus-X civilian procured film, a lense opening of F-2.5,
   and a shutter speed varying from twenty (20) to fourty-five (45) seconds.
   The negatives were printed and forwarded to the 30th Mr Division, Selfridge
   Air Force Base, Michigan, which installation printed the negatives and
   sent copies thereof to the 663rd AC and W Squadron. The numerous targets
   can readily identified from the permanent radar echos by comparing the
   photographs.                                                  (B-2)
     SOURCE: Personnel and logs of the 663rd AC and W Squadron, McGhee Tyson
     Airport, Knoxville, Tennessee.
                                                      20 January 1951
111th CIO Detachment, FAO # 8, P.O. Box 379, Khoxvllle, Tennessee
OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE,
TENNESSEE

(in compliance with letter AJACI-360.33 General, dated 15 November 1950,
Headquarters Third Amy, Subject; Unconventional Aircraft, the following: is
submitted.)
A.   Location and Time of Sighting; At 2145 hours on 16 January 1951.
B.   Weather at the Time of Sighting: Clear; visibility twenty (20) miles;
     Temperature -37 degreesF.;and Wind -Southwest at five (5) miles perhour.
     Winds aloft: At 2000feet - 240degrees at 3 knots
                      3000 " - 210         "    "3 knots
                      4000 " - 209         ”    ”5 knots
C. Names, Occupations and Addresses of Witnesses: 663rd ACLW Squadron Personnel
   who are Radar operators. ABC Patrol Personnel, policemen at Oak Ridge,
   Tennessee. Captains L.C.M. Clevenger and Wta. Aiken, Controllers of 663rd.
D.   Photographs of Objects if available: Nono
1, Object sighted: Two bright objects in the sky, one of which was east of
   McGhee Tyson Airport and the other was west. The object to the east was
   a light, brighter than any other star, emitting intermittent glows jf
   various colors in the color spectrum. An aircraft attempted interception
   and found that he was heading directly for a star. Weather personnel
   explained that the spectural reflection of the star was caused by the
   volurm of atmosphere and physical matter, together with heat, which must
   be looked through to see a star close to the horizon. These phenomenon
   caused refraction of the light rays from the star thereby reflecting a
   continuous spectural change of light color.
       The light to the West was observed through a twenty (20) power spotting
 - scope and the light seemed to be descending. It took about one hour to
   descend behind trees making it disappear from the sight of observers. Captain
   Clevenger stated that this light, when viewed through the spotting scope,
   took on many peculiar forms, with lines, cores, tails, etc, therein, thus
   generally fitting the description of all "flying saucers" ever described
   to him.
        Shortly after this object disappeared from sight (behind trees) ABC
   personnel at Oak Ridge, Tennessee reported they had sighted an object about
   twelve (12) miles Southeast of the K-25 Plant in the Controlled Area. They
   also observed the aircraft which had been sent for interception but stated
   the aircraft was "too far north". The aircraft made no identification, and
   AEO personnel later reported that they had observed a star.
                                                           20 January 1950
111th CIC Detachment, FAO # 8, P.O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee
OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE,
TENNESSEE

F. Any other pertinent information: The Commanding Officer of the 663rd. AC&W
Squadron, 30th Air Division, McGhee Tyson Airport, Knoxville, Tennessee, in a
    letter to his Commanding Officer on 17 January 1951# Subject; Report of
    Unusual incident 2145 hours 16 January 1951, stated;
   " 1. In compliance with telephone instructions from, the ADCC 17 January
   1951> the following unusual Incident report is herewith submitted.;
       Time                            Date-16 January 1951
       1915: An unusual airbourne object was sighted approximately
             10 miles W of the station, the lighted object was very similar to
             a star but much brighter and slightly larger than other visible
             stars at the time, as observed the object seemed to be approximately
             6,000 feet above the terrain and. descending slowly. As the object
             appeared to be over or near the Oak Ridge Area, the AEC Patrol
             Headquarters wae notified and their ground observer alerted.
             About thia time some interference was noted on the Radar Scopes
             (AN/CPS-11 in the approximate area of the observed object; however
             no interference was noted on the height finder (AN/CPS-4) (See
             attached Form 117 dtd 17 Jan 1951
   1925 .’Object still apparently descending, F-82 scrambled to attempt
          interception, still no report from AEC Headquarters.
   193O:Similar object observed 15 to 20 miles east of station; seems to be
       ascending rather than descending.
   1935:AF 7177 (Locally homed and piloted by assigned aq officer) 0-45
        -enroute CHA to tys, requested fixed to steer to tys - A/C fixed
        25 miles SW of station. Pilot Major Raymond C. Care - AF 7177
        requested to investigate object east of station.
   1945 :AF 7177 sighted subject object and reported It to be a star
   1945:F-82 orbiting s/E corner of Oak Ridge Area no electronic or visual
        observation still no electronic observation by station 47»
   1946;Visual observation reported by Oak Ridge Ground Observers, 12 miles
        southeast of K-25 area (This is in the SE corner of Oak Ridge Area)
        F-82 in sight and is north of object. F-82 vectored south toward
        object no contact, electronic or visual. Object report 2400 feet
        above terrain by Oak Ridge Observers.
   1955:Oak Ridge Patrol Headquarters reports that observed object determined
        (to be a star)
                                                          20 January 1951

111th CIG Detactaisnt, FAO #8, P.O. 379, Knoxville, Tennessee

OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK BIB®,
TENNESSEE


             to be a star.
        2000:E-82 reports clear sailing and no restrictions to visibility,
             still patroling area for possible pickup of object, still no joy."
        NOTE: This Is an extract cf the Information listed In logs kept at
        the Radar Site by Radar Personnel.                         (B-2)


         SOURCE: Personnel as in "C" above.


  X
    si Cndard^orm no. 6j>

।
U
     Office Memorandum                               UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

    TO               MR. C     E. HENKRICH                            date:     February 26, 1951
                                                                                               Tolson
                                                                                               Ladd
    FROM             MR. E     H. MOSSBUR                                                      Clegg
                                                                                               Glav In
                                                                                               Nichols
    SUBJECT:          FLYING SAUCERS                                                           Rosen
                                                                                               Tracy__________
                                                                                               Harbo__________
                                                                                               Belmont_______
                                It is recommended the attached article -which                  Mohr___________
                                                                                               Tele. Room____
                      appeared in Look magazine January, 1951, be filed in                     Nease__________
                      captioned case for information purposes.                                 Gandy__________


                     Attachment


                     EHM:gmu


    6b MAR 141951
                                                                   3$#vM


                                                fi&®


                                  ira||8ilSsR


                              SOH®

                              !£/;■ S'®£;jj^^


Pictured above is a Skyhook balloon 77,000 feet over Minne­
apolis. This first published photo of a Skyhook at that altitude
was made through a refracting telescope. To Dr. Urner Lid-
del, chief of the nuclear-physics branch of the Office of Naval
Research, it is the first visual confirmation of his explanation
for the hundreds of “flying saucers” seen soaring over the
U. S. Dr. Liddel’s field of nuclear research is centered on cos­
 mic rays in the outer, atmosphere, and the big helium-filled
 balloons carry his instruments aloft. At the right, being
 launched, the balloon is partially inflated. Nearing the limit
 of its ascent, above, it clearly resembles a “flying saucer.”
                                                                                                                  ga^g


     A NUCLEAR
     PHYSICIST


    FLY/NG
  SA UCERS
       "There is no longer any need for secrecy," says Navy scientist
       after finding that his own research started the "saucers"
                                                                                                            Many Skyhooks have been launched at Camp Rip­
                                                                                                            ley near Little Falls, Minn., but ascents have been
                                                                                                            made everywhere, even from aircraft carriers.
                By RICHARD WILSON Chief of LOOK Washington Bureai
   he literal-minded    FBI, skeptical but de­       real. They are part of a basic research program    size of an average room and draw off from it
Ttermined, could not let the flying-saucer      of the Federal Government which is as impor­
 excitement go by without getting to the bottom tant, if not so dramatic, as the visitation from
                                                                                                        in cables enough energy to heat a large city.”
                                                                                                             The Office of Naval Research, where Dr.
of it. Such a profusion of strange objects litter­   Mars feared by an imaginative public.              Liddel is sponsoring the cosmic experiments,
ing the American skies could not be ignored.               A flying saucer is the base of a huge bal­   is a part of the regular naval estab” i-‘-‘-'*“r-
 . _ A 10-page report by the nuclear physics         loon, 100 feet in diameter, called a “Skyhook.”    with a $10,000,oorr-a-^eai piogiaT'l of basic
branch of the Office of Naval Research has           It is seen by earthlings traveling at speeds up    and applied research. The Liddel report is con­
given the answer:                                    to 200 miles per hour at heights up to 19 miles.   sidered to be the most authoritative scientific
      Flying saucers were, and are, undeniably             These balloons are carrying delicate in­     explanation of the flying-saucer phenomenon.
                                                     struments to plumb the secrets of the cosmos       As far as Dr. Liddel is concerned personally,
                                                     in the dizzy reaches of a 100,000-foot height      he considers his answer incontrovertibly right.
                                                     where the atmosphere reaches the vanishing              One of the most convincing factors sup­
                                                     point.                                             porting Dr. Liddel’s findings is that flying
                                                           The instruments on the balloons observe      saucers or flying disks were unheard of until
                                                     and measure the countless explosions of atoms       the ONR’s experiments in the stratosphere be­
                                                     in the atmosphere as they are smashed by cos­       gan. There were some flights in 1947, the first
                                                     mic particles hurtling in by the billions from      year that strange objects were seen in the skies.
                                                     the cold reaches of outer space.                    These reports multiplied in 1948, when Sky­
                                                           The balloons seek to break the secret of      hooks were put in the air in large numbers,
                                                     how.matter is put together by recording how it      and continued through 1949. Reports dimin­
                                                      is blown apart. And, finally, of how the count­    ished in 1950 when the number of Skyhook
                                                      less atomic explosions taking place silently,      balloon flights were reduced.
                                                      smokelessly, flamelessly but energetically at
                                                      the fringe of the earth’s atmosphere may be              Ionization Chambers in the Sky
                                                      reproduced under controlled conditions.                Observers have agreed that the best time
                                                           This is atomic research aimed not at pro­    of day to see what is called a flying saucer is
                                                      ducing an atomic bomb but at harnessing the       at dusk of a cool summer evening.
                                                      energy from the decomposition of the atom.             You may be standing on a plain in New
                                                      Dr. Urner Liddel, chief of the nuclear physics    Mexico or Montana. You may be flying a plane
                                                      branch of the Office of Naval Research, is in     at 10,000 feet over Alabama. And there in the
                                                      charge of the Skyhook-Flying Saucer project.      distance, above you but far from you, is a
                                                                                                        strange lighted disk. It may be moving or just
                                                              No "Saucers" Without ONR                  hovering.
                                                          “When this project first began,” he said,          But there it is. You see it with your own
                                                     “it was kept secret. Now, there is no longer       eyes. Your companions see it. This thing is
                                                     any need for secrecy on a scientific basis. And,   round. It appears cup-shaped. It may appear
                                                     certainly, there is no longer any need to keep     to have a strong glow on one side or to be trail­
                                                     the public in the dark about what flying sau­      ing an exhaust.
                                                     cers are.                                               What you have seen may be Flight 10,
                                                          “If we are completely successful in our       Balloon No. 3 of the Brookhaven National Lab­
                                                     research with these balloons, which so many        oratory at 84,300 feet carrying a 167-pound
                                                     people have called flying saucers, we will find    payload consisting of a cloud chamber, a bea­
                                                     out how to break up the atom in a useful way.      con transmitter, a Geiger telescope, an ioniza­
                                                     It is not too much to hope that some day we        tion chamber and photographic equipment.
                                                     will learn enough to cause the atomic reaction           This object in the sky may appear to you
                                                     under conditions as we want them—not as they       to be from two to ten times the size of Venus,
                                                     exist today in the atomic bomb.                    the evening star, which in certain months seems
                                                           “Some day we may learn enough so that        to fill the heavens as it rises. If you are 10,000
                                                     we can pour a cup of water into a reactor the      feet up in an airplane, the object may appear
                                                                                                                                (Continued on next page)


            i »■-«
                                                                                           FLYING SAUCERS continued


                                                                                          20 per cent larger than from the       Liddel, “that Captain Mantell and
                                                                                          ground.                                the other pilots were pursuing a
                                                                                             The lateral rays of the sun at      balloon of the Skyhook type. Cap­
                                                                                          dusk illuminate the base of the        tain Mantell could never have
                                                                                          balloon. There is no chance of your    reached the height at which the
                                                                                          ever seeing the full roundness of      balloon was traveling.”
                                                                                          it because you are so far below it.       Several reports have been re­
                                                                                          You see only the illuminated cup       ceived of “squadrons” of flying
                                                                                          of the bottom. If your imagination     saucers. People have seen little
                                                                                          soars, the light reflection on one     disks apparently flying together in
                                                                                          side may impress you as the glow       the sky. This is explained by Dr.
                                                                                          of an atomic engine. The wisp of       Liddell as clusters of 20 to 30 bal­
                                                                                          the balloon’s instrument-filled tail   loons, 10 to 15 feet in diameter,
                                                                                          may impress you as the exhaust.        which are sometimes used in place
                                                                                          The sun’s rays may suffuse the         of the huge Skyhook.
                                                                                          plastic bag with a fiery glow.            Under certain conditions, they
                                                                                                                                 might be more visible than the sin­
                                                                                           Experienced Observers Fooled          gle plastic bag, and would cer­
                                                                                              Even seasoned airmen have no       tainly be unexplainable by anyone
                                                                                           way of estimating the size and the    who didn’t know their purpose.
                                                                                           speed of an object they see. To
                                                                                           peg size and speed, the mind must             Liddel Got the Facts
                                                                                           know the nature of the object. Ex­       After Dr. Liddel had sifted all
                                                                                           perienced seamen have difficulty      the reports which appeared to have
                                                                                           estimating the distance, speed and    some foundation, he used his en­
                                                                                           size of another ship unless they      tree as a government nuclear
                                                                                           know its type. The balloon is un­     physicist to check other govern­
                                                                                           known and hence eludes efforts to     ment agencies. He is satisfied that
                                                                                ^rown      measure it by familiar craft aloft.   no other research or experimental
                                                                               F°rmatfi      Dr. Liddel and his associates ar­   project has utilized anything even
                                                                                          rived at their findings on these       roughly resembling a flying saucer.
                                                                                           baffling stories by studying about       “And secondly,” he said, “inter­
                                                                                          2,000 reports of flying-saucer ob­     planetary travel is not possible at
                                                                                          servations of every kind and de­       the present time.”
                                                                                          scription. They discarded some as        This disposed of all the possi­
                                                                                          seeming to be the visions of crack­    bilities, according to Dr. Liddel.
                                                                                          pots or psychopaths. Other reports     His analysis of the flying-saucer
                                                                                          were clearly the result of inaccu­     phenomenon as presented here is
                                                                                          rate vision.                           the first government, disclosure of
                                                                                             One report of “little men” found    what is considered to be the real
                                                                                          in the wreckage of a flying saucer     cause.
                                                                                          near Mexico City turned out to be        The Skyhook’s distinct visual
                                                                                          the unsubstantiated story of a         similarity to a flying-saucer de­
                                                                                          traveler. No one else knew any­        scription was noted strongest a'
             you prefer finer, lighti                                                     thing about it.                        the Minneapolis project of ON±
                                                                »*O»NjOft
                                                                                             This left a solid base of reports   under the direction of General
  mixed drinks — today’s King                                                             from airplane pilots, scientific ob­   Mills, Inc. Telescopic photographs
                                                                                          servers and reliable laymen which      brought out the similarity so clear­
 your whisky! Actually taste-                                          OVALITY
                                                                                          could not be brushed aside. After      ly that Dr. Liddel was elated. He
                                                                                          a thorough investigation, Dr. Lid­     could at last offer visual proof of
 engineered by Brown-Forman                                                               del said: “There is not a single re­   his findings.
                                                                                          liable report of an observation
   to be far lighter-looking,                                                             which is not attributable to the             Tracing the "Saucers'
far lighter-tasting. And today'
                                                                                          cosmic balloons.”                         General Mills is the only suc­
                                                                                                                                  cessful manufacturer of the huge
                                                                                           The Death of Captain Mantell           and delicate plastic bags. Most of
  King is priced right, too
                                                                                             The most tragic report the nu­       the total of 270 flights so far made
   Enjoy America’s best-tasting                                                           clear physicists had to consider       have been launched at Camp Rip­
                                                                                          was that of an Air Force pilot in       ley near Little Falls, Minn., and at
          blend today!                                                                    Kentucky. A circular object, me­       University Airport, Minneapolis,
                                                                                          tallic in appearance, was seen over    Minn.
                                                                                          a U. S. Air Force base on Jan. 7,         Enough flights have been made
                                                                                          1948. Three fighter planes, one pi­    from other points, however, to lit­
                                                                                          loted by Capt. Thomas F. Mantell,      ter the country. Balloons have as­
      New Light Formula                                                                   took off in hot pursuit. From their    cended from Chicago, from Hollo­
                                                          ^ Whisk*                        relatively low altitudes, the bal­     man Air Force Base and White
                                                                                          loon seemed to be traveling at the     Sands, N. M., and from aircraft
                                                      ■ ""^           —X-
                                                                                          rate of 360 miles an hour. Two of      carriers in both the Caribbean Sea
                                                                                          the planes turned back at 18,000       and the Pacific.
            New Light Package                         — “'’rfrcr dnnL      >
                                                                                          feet. Captain Mantell kept going.         Workers at the General Mills
                                              Waist                                       He radioed that he would go to         aeronautical laboratories advised
                                                                                          25,000 feet and abandon the search     Dr. Liddel that they were able to
                                                              "tu msmis*                  if he got no closer. None of the       trace lost balloons by published
                New Lower Price
                                                              trencn -<                   planes was equipped with reserve       reports of flying saucers. The big
                                                                                          oxygen supplies, and thus could        bags are engineered to stay up
                                                                                          not fly long at high altitudes.        eight hours. Otherwise, they would
Blended Whisky. 37'/% Straight Whiskies.        " ,                                         Mantell was not heard from           be a hazard to air navigation. But
62)4% Grain Neutral Spirits. The Straight Whiskies                                        again. His plane crashed, and the      some have actually stayed up more
in this Product are 4 Years or More Old. 86 Proof.
                                                                                          instruments found in the wreckage      than 30 hours.
                                                                                          indicated it might have risen to          Elaborate arrangements are
                                                                                          30,000 feet.                           made to trace the balloons, for the
                                                                                             “Our studies show,” said Dr.        data the cosmic physicists want are
                                                                                                                                             (Continued on page 64)
           FOR ANY TRIP 8 ANY TIME - IN ANY WEATHER


                     by Greyhound
       ^^^^


                                                                                                                                Pe^^3^^
                                                                                                                               ^dtbr^
                                                                                                                               i^r,,''3ca'°"


 He^^0^
                                                                                                                                     / college

wyto^"'^                                                                                                                            yeek-e«d^^e

                                                                                              W'<5‘


   TaJ^a      Highway travel is ever so much more pleasant, more relaxed, more
              enjoyable . . . once you’re free of the responsibility of driving! Each
              day, more thousands of people are learning this profitable lesson by
              Greyhound . . . with low-cost, trouble-free trips to all America.
                 Next trip, you are invited to join these travel-wise Americans who
              choose to ride at ease, in deeply cushioned armchairs . . . completely
              relieved of driving strain, traffic problems, and the increasing difficulties
              of operating an automobile. Simply select a convenient schedule, step
              aboard a Greyhound . .. and relax as you see as you save!
                                                                                                      FREE BOOKLET —WITH 50 TRIPS ALL PLANNED!


  GREYHOUND
                                                                                                      Mail coupon to Greyhound Information Center, 105 W.
                                                                                                      Madison, Chicago 2, III. for free "Amazing America Tour"
                                                                                                      booklet, outlining 50 pleasure trips.
                   Today


helps national rearmament                                         Skyhook ready for ascent. “Saucers” were unheard of until ONR’s ex­
                                                                  periments in the stratosphere began under Dr. Liddel’s supervision.

                                                                  FLYING SAUCERS continued


                                                                            Digger Skyhooks coming—
                                                                  then more "saucers” will fly
 by carrying more height                                          recorded on the instruments dan­
                                                                  gling from them. The instruments
                                                                                                          not be seen or felt by the human
                                                                                                          mechanism. But their dramatic
                                                                  are released electronically by par­     impact on the measuring devices
                                                                  achute at the end of the flight.        can be photographed with star­
                                                                     The cosmic - ray experiments         tling clarity
                                                                  themselves stem from pioneer                Four levels of cosmic-ray ex­
                                                                  work done by Dr. Robert A. Milli­       perimentation have been in prog-
                                                                  kan 30 yenr$ ago when +hs bom­          «»<><!« Th^ «rst is at sea level whAre
                                                                  bardment of particles from outer        the bombardment is measured and
                                                                  space was first discovered. These       photographed in devices called
                                                                  peculiar phenomena were thought         cloud chambers. This type of ex­
                                                                  to be some kind of light ray from       perimentation also goes on at two
                                                                  an unknown source. They were            laboratories, Mount Evans aid
                                                                  later discovered to be atomic par­      Climax Mountain, both in Colo­
                                                                  ticles striking at the rate of five     rado, at 14,000 feet.
     and carrying it faster                                       per square inch per minute at the
                                                                  earth’s surface.
                                                                                                              A third type of experimenta­
                                                                                                          tion was carried on in three B-29
                                                                                                          bombers, fitted out as flying lab­
                                                                         Cosmic-Ray Mystery               oratories. They flew up and down a
                                                                     The source of these particles is     degree of latitude toward the
                                                                  unknown. One theory firmly held         North Pole and away from it be­
                                                                  for a while was that they origi­        tween Fort Churchill, Manitoba,
                                                                  nated from explosions on the sun.       and Lima, Peru. These flying labo­
                                                                  Some scientists believe now that        ratories made their recordings at
                                                                  their impact and energy are so          between 30,000 and 40,000 feet.
                                                                  great they must originate from              The fourth type is the Skyhook
                                                                  higher-powered galaxies outside         project which has led to so many
                                                                  the solar system.                       reports of flying saucers. But there
                                                                     Whatever their source, these         are still more to come.
                                                                  particles strike atoms in the earth’s       General Mills and the Office of
                                                                  atmosphere, cause them to ex­           Naval Research are working on a
than ever before in history!                                      plode and fill the atmosphere with
                                                                  atomic debris.
                                                                     Physicists early discovered that
                                                                                                          new balloon with four times the
                                                                                                          capacity of the Skyhook, which
                                                                                                          can rise to heights of 120,000 feet.
                                                                  the higher they went in the atmos­      This will leave only 0.4 per cent of
                                                                  phere the more certain they could       the earth’s atmospheric envelope
                                                                  be of recording the explosions          above the new balloon.
                                                                  with the greatest accuracy. Their           It can safely be predicted that a
                                                                  ultimate aim is to make photo­          year hence there will be a new
Association of American Railroads                                 graphs and measurements at the
                                                                  very fringe of the earth’s atmos­
                                                                                                          wave of flying-saucer reports. A
                                                                                                          new, improved model will be ob­
                                                                  phere, for all the air below that is    served by credulous and alarmed
                WASHINGTON 6, D.C.                                filled in greater or lesser degree      citizens of middle America. These
                                                                  with atomic debris from the explo­      observers will be unable to escape
                                                                  sions.                                  the conclusion that the thing in
                                                                     These explosions, of course, can­    outer space is gaining on us.
                                                                                                                                            END
        Listen to THE RAILROAD HOUR every Monday evening on NBC

64
 CLASSIFIED                      4     GQNFWfflAt                    |
      I N CO^N G
                                         DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
                                       STAFF COMMUNICATIONS OFFICE


                                                                            SQUIRED

                    AF MSG                                  FEB 13 195
                    FROM     HEAC PEPPERELL AFB HELD
                    TO:      CSAF WASH DC
                    NR:      EW 0212                                                            10 FEB 51


                             Text on following page.


                    ACTION: AF

                    2NF0   : G2, 03               RECORDED -137
                                                                     MAR 8 1951
                    CAP IN 97532                                     14
                    DA IN 131                   (12 Feb 51)          DTG: 100400Z


                                                                          12 FfC135l
                    MAR 15195?
DA SCO FORM no__Q
15 JAN 1 349 ^                        CONFIDENTIAL-                   COPY NO.

                                                                           U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE : 1949—0-030430
                     depAment of the air Arce

                        STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
             INCOMING CLASSIFIED MESSAGE
    —^~*—^r                                 PARAPHRASE KOT REQUIRED. NOTIFY
    PRIORITY                                CRYPTOCENTER BEFORE DECLASSIFYING

    PROM?    NEAC PEPPERELL APB NPLD

    TO   s   CSAF WASH D C

    NR   j   EW 0212                          10 Feb 51                              (DTG 100*00)

           Unidentified object seen at OO55Z 10 Feb at 49 degrees
    50 min north, 50 degree* 03 min west by crew of Navy 6501, VR1,
    Patuxent River, HD. Originally seen as heavy light in distance
    on the surface as lights of city. The yellowish light, like a
    fire in color, approached rapidly and grew very bright and very
    large with a semicircular shape. It was on a true course of
    about 125 degrees, plane on a true course of 225 degrees, as it
    approached the plane it suddenly turned shout almost 180 degrees
    and disappeared rapidly over the horizon as a small hallo Speed
      was terrific". Seen fr an angle of about <5 degrees looking down
     fr the plane. Crew all experienced North Atlantic fliers Lt F.W.
     Kingdon, Lt AoL. Jones, Lt G.E. Bethune, Lt N.G.P. Koger, Lt
     J.M, Moyer, all saw object over a period of fr seven to eight mln.
     Plane flying at 10,000 altitude.


    ACTION 8   OIN
                ADDED DIST?    AHIfY,           STATE, CIA,                     O3D(SDLO)o JCS
     CAP IN«    97532                           (10 Feb 51)                                      MEL/rof
                                               GO WIDENS Mi-

                                                                                         COPY No.
               THE MAKING OF AN EXACT COPY OF THIS MESSAGE IS FORBIDDEN
                                                                   16-56892-2
^M 0-309 B                      U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
                      February 23, 1951


    Mr, Jimmy W, Short
    910 Caddo Street
   ^Arkadelphia, Arkan


                Your letter dated February 14, 1951, has been
    received.
               Hhile I appreciate the concern which prompted
    your writing in this regard, this Bureau does not have
    available for distribution any material concerning
    so-called "flying saucers,n It was thoughtful of you
    to bring your observations in this connection to my
    attention,

              I am enclosing sone material which I thought
    you might like to have,
                               Sincerely yours,
                                J. Edgar Hoover

                               John Edgar Hoover
                                   Director

    Encl
    List of courses of study
    SA and Clerical Job Sheets
    25 Years of Identi
    Personnel and Services of Lab

       NOTE: The only record located in Bufiles indicated that
       correspondent requested and received descriptive material
/C ^'^iiduplG^ted,
   IJ lco^^ernin9 the bureau in 1949, Data presently enclosed is

33liSnk3d:^
                 to


     a®


     s‘         .^^WV HmJ
                            tfClOB


          Q'A
33^^^ .
<9?^. M ^>/
4
                                                      IHS SECT!
                   This image contains all the
                 information on the document.


          WASH    7     FROM NEWARK                               9-20-51
                                                             URGENT
                                       j   a wxt,\%
      ^UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT OBSERVED SEPTEMBER TEN AND

          ONE IN VI CI Nin                 . MONMOUTH, NJ.        INDIC     ON SEPTEMBER TWENTY IN- 1
          STANT, ANDREW J. REID                  G-TWO FT. MONMOUTH, NJ, PROVIDED FOLLOWING RE'
          PORT OF UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT OBSERVED BY RADAR AT ABOVE 4MY
          INSTALLATION.              QUOTE ON SEPT. TEN, FIFTYONE, AN AN/MPG DASH ONE RADAR
          SET PICKED UP A FAST MOVING LOW FLYING TARGET, EXACT ALTITUDE UNDETER-
          MINED AT APPROXIMATELY ELEVEN TEN A.M., SOUTHEAST OF FT. MONMOUTH
          AT A RANGE OF ABOUT TWELVE THOUSAND YARDS.                        THE TARGET APPEARED TO «
          APPROXIMATELY FOLLOW THE COAST LINE, CHANGING ITS RANGE ONLY SLIGHTLY
          BUT CHANGING ITS AZIMUTH RAPIDLY.                       THE RADAR SET WAS SWITCHED TO FULL
          AIDED AZIMUTH TRACKING WHICH NORMALLY IS FAST ENOUGH TO TRACK JET AIR
          CRAFT, BUT IN THIS CASE WAS TOO SLOW TO BE RESORTED TO.                         TARGET WAS
          LOST IN THE N.E. AT A RANGE OF ABOUT FOURTEEN THOUSAND YARDS.                         THIS
          TARGET ALSO PRESENTED AN UNUSUALLY STRONG RETURN FOR AIRCRAFT BEING
          COMPARABLE IN STRENGTH TO THAT USUALLY RECEIVED FROM A COASTAL SHIP
          THE OPERATOR INITIALLY IDENTIFIED TARGET AS A SHIP AND THEN REALIZED
          THAT IT COULD NOT BE A SHIP AFTER HE OBSERVED ITS EXTREME SPEED.
          SEPTEMBER TEN, FIFTYONE, AN SCR FIVE EIGHT FOUR RADAR SET AT THREE
          FIFTEEN PM TRACKING A TARGET WHICH MOVED ABOUT SLOWLY IN AZIMUTH NORTH
          OF FT. MONMOUTH AT A RANGE OF ABOU
          EXTREMELY UNUSUAL ELEVATION ANGLE
     CQ
co        APPROXIMATELY NINETYTHREE THOUSAND A!                           DE.3 ON SEPTEMBER ELEVEN
          FIFTYONE, TWO SCR FIVE EIGHT FOUR RADAR SETS AT TEN FIFTY A.M. PICKED

£ « UP-----------------------------------------------------
         THE SAME TARGET NORTHEAST OF FT.                   a—MONMOUTH     AT AN ELEVATION
                                                               —--------- ■------------ i  ANGLE
PAGE TWO
OF THREE HUNDRED FIFTY TO THREE HUNDRED MILS AT A RANGE QF APPROXI­
MATELY THIRTY THOUSAND YARDS, APFROXIMATE^LTITUDE THIRTYONE THOUSAND

FEET.        THE SET TRACK AUTOMATICALLY IS AZIMUTH AND ELEVATION AND WAS
AIDED RANGE TRACKING AND CAPABLE OF TRACKING TARGETS UP TO A SPEED
OF SEVEN HUNDRED MPH.           IN THIS CASE, HOWEVER, BOTH SETS FOUND IT IM-
POSSIBLE TO TRACK THE TARGET IN RANGE DUE TO ITS SPEED AND THE OPER­
ATORS HAD TO RESORT TO MANUAL RANGE TRACKING IN ORDER TO HOLD THE
IARGIh         THE TARGET WAS TRACKED IN THIS MANNER TO THE MAXIMUM TRACK­
ING RANGE OF THIRTYTWO THOUSAND YARDS.                           THE OPERATOR SAID THE TARGET
TO BE MOVING AT A SPEED SEVERAL HUNDRED MPH HIGHER THAN THE MAXIMUM
AIDED TRACKING ABILITY OF THE RADAR SETS.                            THIS TARGET PROVIDED AN EX­
TREMELY STRONG RETURN ECHO AT TIMES EVEN THOUGH IT WAS THE MAXIMUM
-—.   J   ■——^w—Ml—————■ 11II   I   —^«M—^»— I   ir— Um—II I |<J*"


RANGE, HOWEVER, ECHO SIGNAL OCCASIONALLY FELL OFF TO A LEVEL BELOW
NORMAL RETURN.        THESE CHANGES COINCIDED WITH MANEUVERS OF THE TARGET.
on September eleven, fiftyone at about one thirty p.m. the target was
PICKED UP ON AN SCR FIVE EIGHT FOUR RADAR SET THAT DISPLAYED UNUSUAL
MANEUVERABILITY.        TARGET WAS APPROXIMATELY OVER NAVESINK, NJ., AS IN­
DICATED BY HIS TEN THOUSAND RANGE, SIX THOUSAND FEET ALTITUDE AND DUE
NORTH AZIMUTH.        THE TARGET REMAINED PRACTICALLY STATIONARY ON THE
SCHOPE AND APPEARED TO BE HOVERING.                        THE OPERATOR LOOKED OUT OF THE
VAN        PAREND THE VEHICLE HOUSING THE RADAR SETA PAREND IN AN ATTEMPT
TO SEE THE TARGET, SINCE IT WAS AT SUCH A SHORT RANGE, HOWEVER, OVER­
CAST CONDITIONS PREVENTED SUCH OBSERVATION.                            RETURNING TO THEIR OPER­
ATING POSITION THE TARGET WAS OBSERVED TO BE CHANGING IN ELEVATION
AT AN EXTREMELY RAPID RATE, BUT CHANGE IN RANGE WAS SO SLOW THE OPER-
END OF PAGE TWO
PAGE THREE
ATOR BELIEVED THE TARGET MUST HAVE RBSEN NEARLY VERTICALLY.     TARGET
FIXED ITS RISE IN ELEVATION AT AN ELEVATION ANGLE OF APPROX. FIFTEEN
HUNDRED MILS, AT WHICH TIME IT PROCEEDED TO MOVE AT AN EXTREMELY RAPID
RATE IN RANGE IN A SOUTHERLY DIRECTION.   ONCE AGAIN THE SPEED OF THE
TARGET EXCEEDED THE AIDED TRACKING ABILITY OF THE SCR FIVE EIGHT FOUR
SET SO THAT MANUAL TRACKING BECAME NECESSARY.   RADAR TRACKED THE TAR­
GET MAXIMUM RANGE OF THIRTYTWO THOUSAND YARDS AT WHICH TIME TARGET
WAS AT AN ELEVATION ANGLE THREE HUNDRED MILS.   THE OPERATOR DID NOT
ATTEMPT TO JUDGE THE SPEED IN EXCESS OF THE AIDED TRACKING RATE OF SEVEN
HUNDRED MPH.   THE WEATHER WAS FAIR WHEN THE OBSERVATION WAS MADE SEPT­
EMBER TENTH AND CLOUDY FOR THE SEPTEMBER ELEVENTH REPORT.     UNQUOTE.
ABOkJVE INCIDENT OBSERVED BY THREE WITNESSES WITH EXCEPTION OF FIRST
INCIDENT ON SEPTEMBER TEN.   ABOVE INFO FURNISHED BY REID AFTER AP­
PROVAL OF G-TWO, GOVERNORS ISLAND, NY, WITH REQUEST THAT INFO BE CO­
ORDINATED WITH AIR FORCE.    REID ALSO ADVISED IN CONFIDENCE THAT ABOVE
REPORT RECEIVED BY HIM AFTER CONSIDERABLE UNACCOUNTABLE DELAY.
MC KEE


END AAD PLS                                     G
NK R 7 WA AS
DISC
^f v™ rn f rm own
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


                                     UM • UNITED :                   GOVERNMENT

TO         :    DIRECTOR, FBI (62-8389U)                        DATE: March 21, 19^2

FROM        ;   SAC, CHICAGO (100-18999)

SUBJECT:        FLYING DISCS
                KAKt/MQUIST, INFORMANT

                Mr. KARL NYQUIST, an artist living at 2417 North Burling Street,
                Chicago, Illinois (telephone LI-9-1479) advised SA MIRON H. TRETER
                on March 11, 1952 that he saw a flying disc at 9*00 AM on March
                6, 1952.

                NYQUIST stated that he was looking out of a window at his home
                which window faces south, when he saw a flying disc at approximately
                7,000 feet above Fullerton Avenue. The angle of elevation of the
                disc above the horizon was about 45 degrees. The disc came out
                of a cloud in the east, stopped and hung motionless in mid-air
                for a split second, then flew due south at great speed.

                He described the disc as approximately six feet in diameter, circular
                white in color with a bluish tinge. The disc, he said, appeared to
                have been constructed out of a metal similar to aluminum. He also
                stated that he saw no exhaust, lights, or heard no sound connected
                with its movements. He noted nothing on it as to how it could maintain
                its even flight and believed it to have been radio controlled. He
                said it disappeared out of sight in approximately three seconds,
                estimating the speed at 600-700 miles per hour or more. He said it
                went so fast it appeared to flutter, When the disc disappeared from
                sight it was about the size of a golf ball on the southern horizon.

                NYQUIST made a sketch of the disc and the sketch and the above
                information were furnished to the local office of the Office of
                Special Investigations.


                MHTiBJB


                                           RECORDED - 79

                                           '"DEXED • 79
       On 10 September 1951 as AN/MPG-1 radar set picked up a fast moving
  ow flying target (exact alt undetermined) at approximately 1110 hours SE
 of Fort Monmouth at a range of about 12,000 yards. The target appeared to approx­
 imately follow the coast line changing its range only slightly but changing
 its azimuth rapidly. The radar set was switched to full aided azimuth
'tracking which normally is fast enough to track jet acft, but in this case
    s too slow to be resorted to. The target was lost in the NE at a range
 of about 14,000 yards. This target also presented an unusually strong return
 for an acft being comparable in strength to that usually received from a
 coastal ship. The operator initially identified the target as a ship and
 then realized that it could not be a ship after he observed its extreme
 speed.

     On 10 September 1951, 1515 hours, an SCR 584, aerial no. 433 tracked
a target which moved about slowly in azimuth N of Fort Monmouth at a range
of about 32,000 yds at the extremely unusual elevation angle of 1350 mils.
(Altitude approximately 93,000 ft)

      On 11 September 1951, 1050 hours, 2 SCR 584 serial nos. 217 and 315
picked up the same target NE of Fort Monmouth at an elevation angle of
350 to 300 roils at a range of approximately 30,000 yards. (Approximate
altitude 31,000 ft) the sets track automatically in azimuth and elevation
and with aided range tracking are capable of tracking targets up to a speed
of 700 mph. In this case however, both sets found it impossible to track
the target in range due to its speed and the operators had to resort to
manual range tracking in order to hold the target. The target was tracked
in this manner to the maximum tracking range of32,000 yards. The operators
judged the target to be moving at a speed several hundred miles per hour
hi^ier than the maximum aided tracking ability of the radar sets. This
target provided an extremely strong echo at times even though it was at
maximum range, however the echo signal occasionally fell off to a level
below normal return. These changes coincided with maneuvers of the target.

      On 11 September 1951 at about 13 0 a target was picked up on an
SCR 584 radar set serial no. 315 that displayed unusual maneuverability.
The target was approx, over Navesink NJ as indicated by its 10,000 yard
range, 6000 ft altitude and due N azimuth. The target remained practically
stationary on the scope and appeared to be hovering. The operators looked
out of the van in an attempt to see the target since it was at such a short
range, however overcase conditions prevented such observation. Returning to
their positions the target was observed to be changing its elevation at an
extremely rapid rate, the change in range was so small the operators believed
the target must have risen nearly vertically. The target ceased its rise
in elevation at an elevation angle of approx 15001mils at which time it

once again the speed on the target exceeding the aided ptr^9king ability of
the SCR 584 so that namual tracking became necessary. ' Tire radar tracked the
target to the maximum range of 32,000 yards at which time the target was at
an elevation angle of 300 mils. The operators did^ncTtaVt^Tnpt’^          the
speed in excess of the aided tracking rate of 700 mph.
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


 Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
to              Director, FBI                              date:   1*—3—£2
FROMp^c, Memphis (62-0)


SUBJECT:        UNKNOWN SUBJECT? Flyirg Objects,
                Nashville, Tennessee
                INFORMATION CONCERNING

            Lt. Commander MELVIN MICHAEL KUHN, U* S. Navy, temporarily residing
     at 1900 Graybar Lane, Nashville, Tennessee, advised SU CHARLES J. HOJETOR
     of the Nashville Resident Agency on March Hi, 1952, at approximately 2il$ p*m.
     of the following incident*
            Mr. KUHN stated that approximately 10#20 p*m. on March 13, 1952,
     while standing in the back yard of 1900 Graybar Lane and looking toward
     the moon, which was then in the southwest section of the sky, he observed
     an object which appeared approximately 20 degrees above the horizon.
     Lt. KUHN described this object as being circular in shape, approximately
     one-half the size of the moon, deep bright blue in color, very vivid blue.
     He stated the object had a slight reddish fringe on the aft end. The
     object appeared to be moving from the northwest to the southeast* He
     stated that the object was not in his vision more than three seconds.
     It made no sound. Lt. KUHN stated that at the time he observed this,
     there were no clouds in the sky, the stars were out, and the moon was
     full. Lt. KUHN stated that the only way he could describe it was that
     it appeared to be a very high powered spotlight on a cloud, but he did
     not believe this could have been the cause of that which he had seen
     because he had not seen any spotlight or any strong search lights there
     during the evening*
           The above is being furnished for your information, and no action is
     contemplated by this office unless advised to the contrary*


     CJH:AJ
         S&C-d     :>’?/.«                                       JF.i ,r<#3«iC                 or
                                                          (0-&>) aJtn®^ <0*2’

                                           ,«t3stdC 5rA^ ??0aUtU? Waste             iTMiau*
                                                      Agee snaof . e F£jvriz&'>
                                                       oomwto KCIT^X.W


  antlbt’m ^2^5*1 ccna-t iXwM .3 »V ,’OiX JXAHJT.M HIVJ^ ^.tk’W.mqO .dj
  x-'/T^GK .;. 8&IJUH3 A;d baarr*^ ^asaaannsT vdXL'riapy ,sn6d indtStG 00?I da
.q ’^X:S ^la.N^ii-xo-xqgs Jr tS?ox ,41 dm^;.- «? qonsa^ teabii'M ©IXivrigE? aJJ ic
                                                       .teatiuni sHtedloi cut tc


      bxBrcJ grtlalooX Sits artsl xad^iO 00^1 to bre^ ^osd edi al snibnsta jlxrk-
   bavtaado ad t^s ^dd lo noidsaa Jawrfduca and Hi nW saw rioirfw «aocsi arid'
            .tiesHa: add avals aaaxsab 02 ^XateariafOT^qs' batsaqqa riold* Joa^.o km
     ^I^^lzcri'c,c taq3rfs al xilzatio m tM as tea^rfe airt? badbioaeb HHl i «tl
  ♦ ax-ftf b^lv qraV ,‘xolbo ri ante idqlid qsab ,no<Mn add- to asia *it Ixiri-aao
          viT .fan® tlr xU nc e^j-tl dai. Syi ti&iia a bad toatdc arid bait^e a'
          sH .iaa'aithjca adi 0$ ih3t»''iy x<yt g»Q ar^l ^uivan ad ct tmaaqos iaatdo
          .abtf^oea a^xif ns# aroci hoiatv aid Hi Ion asw tfoafcdo adi isrkt batede
          ,8irtd b-jirraatfc -a "wuxi >nt te terT hateia ^nt”< .dj • boa oh ci obfndl
          gw ctoor Md bns ,teo «*iaw Crete Mt tipfc o/j- ni ebaolo on at aw atarid
        .tedd saw ti adinoBob hjtaos M ^ ’£lno add tedt b®tete WRU - ,il *Hoi
        bib ori ted thxfqXo a ho SxtaifJo^ bareweg if^trf vi^' 6 ^ °? bsraaqqa ti
           naa8 barf cd rioh^ terid to aerso arid noM overt bteoo eirii aval loo den
      rradi aMiil dotfita ’^•ette yas to ti^iltocp v^s naaa ten bad M eanaosd
                                                                  ♦saitfeva odd gri taiib

 at Holtes cn te ,:w1j jcm/ini lucnj tel batiainixii ?niM az avods ant
                .•^‘ri.tico arid ot baa^bs aaalnt eaillo 8X1# xcf baj&Iqrateoo


                                                                                  LA • H L J


              ^s^ Ji i.djo $ p
                1 j
                   OJAIjjjji

           & Hd & g          Im

                 S-dNOr UH
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


 Office Memorandum                            UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO                     Branigan                                DATE:   April 17, 1952
from       : e. H. Mossburg
                                                                                    Tolson_______

SUBJECT: FLYING DISCS                                                               Laid_________
                                                                                    Clegg
                                                                                    Slav I r._______
                                                                                    :.lc:.ol~__
                                                                                    Roser.________
                                                                                    Tracy
                            For record purposes, it is desired to point out         Karoo________

              that the April 7, 1952, issue of "Life" magazine contains an          salmon t______
                                                                                    Kohr
              article on page 80 entitled, "Have We Visitors From Space?"           Tele. Roox_

              written by H. B. Darrach, Jr., and Robert Ginna relating to           »•'«*»•______
                                                                                    Gandy________
              the captioned matter. For further reference purposes, a copy
              of this issue of "Life" magazine is maintained in the Bureau
              Library.


              EHM:rd,


                  5 7 Ap^2 81952
                Date:      May 7, 1952
                To:        Director of Special Investigations
                           The Inspector General
                           Department of the Air Force
                           The Pentagon
                           Washington 25, D, C,
                From:      John Edgar Hoover, Director
                           Federal bureau of Investigation
                Subject:   FRED J.<EEHHOUT

                          On May 5, 1952, Fred J, Eekhout called at this
                Bureau and advised that he is General Manager of Mouton and
                Company, Printers, 5 Herderstraat, The Hague Netherlands,
                He resides at 49 Stadhouderalaan, The Hague   He is residing
                at the Victoria Hotel, New York City, until May 16, 1952
                when he will return to Europe,
                          Mr, Fekhout advised that he haa a considerable
                interest tn electronics and has been very much interested
                tn reports circulated during the past year or two concern-
                ing the existence          ^saucers* ^e feels that there
                have been enough uncdnFra "c^eareports concerning such
                devices to indicate that they may exist in fact, He is also
                of the opinion that if they do exist they can be produced
                only by the United States or Russia or perhaps b^ theg »
                Republic of Argentina,
                          Mr, ekhout indicated that he has given eiz^pnsiye
                thought to the manner in which these devices cou^d^^'
                operated. He has concluded that since the disk eba.p^ i$
                not suitable for conventional aircraft it would fie ueegv
                only because it would provide the greatest posable lining
                surface. It is his opinion, therefore, that one of ^h^e
Tolson____      devices could be operated only by reducing the air pressure
udd________ _   above it which would cause it to rise in the air, He
Nichols         concedes that conventional machinery to cause such a reduction
Belmont_____
Clegs_______
                of pressure would be so bulky that its weight would prevent
Glavln
                the device from leaving the ground, He concludes, therefore
Harte
Ros an          VHB:rdm
Tracy_____
Mohr________
Tele* Hm._
Nease
Onqy


66MAY 171951
that power to accomplish this end would have to be derived
from the cracking of an atomic fuel such as heavy water.
           In that connection he states that the ionosphere
surrounding the earth radiates positive ions toward the
earth's surface. Many of these are dissipated by combining
with particles in the atmosphere with the result that positive
ions are more concentrated near the earth's surface than
higher above it. He reasons that a disk could be raised
 in the air by emitting a great quantity of negative ions
through its upper surface and causing a decrease in pressure
which would result in the pressure underneath the disk
forcing it upward. He indicates that somewhere between
the surface of the earth and the ionosphere this pressure
would equalise at which point the disk could go no higher.
It could then be moved horizontally by emitting negative
 ions in the direction tn which it is desired to move.
          Mr. Eekhout stated that he did not feel such a
device could be remote controlled since it would probably
not be possible to maintain radio contact with it. He
feels, however, that the occupants of such a device would
be fully protected since according to the electrical theory
demonstrated by Faraday's Cage the current involved tn the
propulsion of such a device would concentrate itself around
the edges of the disk.
          The foregoing is furnished for your information.


(NOTE ON YELLOW: Eekhout was interviewed at 2:15 p.m.
 5-5-52, by Supervisor V. H. Bailey by reference from Mr.
 Nichols’ Office. Bureau files contain no data identifiable
 with him.)


                           -   2   -
INDEXED- 46                                 May IB, 1952
 RECORDED ■ 46


          Mr. W. R^Burgess
          Box~~147
          Black Mountain, /forth Carolina
          Bear Mr. Burgess:
                    Your letter dated May 7, 1952, has been
          received and I appreciate the interest prompting
          you to bring your observations to my attention.
                    Since the natter you mention may be of
          interest to another governmental agency, I am
          referring a copy of your letter to The Honorable,
          The Secretary of Defense, The Pentagon, ftaehington,
          D. C., and you may wish to write him directly in
          this connection.

                                  Sincerel y yours,


                                  John Edgar Hoover
                                      Di rector
                                                Box 147
                                                Black Mountain, N.C
                                                May 7, 19 52

Mr. S’. Edgar Hoover
c/o U. S. Dept, of Justice
Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Hoover:

The motive of this letter is a sincere effort to help avoid
useless waste of life, time and money.  It is written with full
respect to your pressing work, and to the ability of this
country’s scientific experts.

Although your responsibilities may not be directly connected
with the intended text of this letter, I sincerely hope that
you will consider the possibilities, and forward the suggestions
to the proper authorities concerned.

For the past five years the general public has read, and bally-
hoed newspaper articles related to theL’"Flying Saucers”L and
following the same trend of^Wght_have'TgW§^scmit:^
ports made by persons of undisputed experience and intelligence.

The possibilities of this earth being visited by ships from
outer space have been lightly suggested by some, while others
believe the “objects" belong to some nation on this earth.
Granted that some such objects do even belong to this country,
it is obvious that we, nor any other nation possess and fail
to use, in time of war, such useful means as have been re­
ported by the balloon experts connected with General Mills, Inc.

I am sure that these suggestions will bear scientific inves­
tigation and that they are entirely probable.  Similar to
Columbus and the egg - they may not have been given due con­
sideration.

These "objects” oi undetermined origin” (not to be confused
with our controlled wither balloons, etc.) are in all prob­
ability operated by the absorption^ compression, and con­
trolled emission of the sun’s energy (basically electricity).
As such, they irobably carry a potential charge which is past
our imagination.  An earthly object approaching too close to
the O.U.O. would have the samp effect as grounding a high-
tension wire, with the total destruction of both objects as
a likely result.           ;

Assuming that some of t^e^e abAgets are from outer space, we
would certainly benefit c#nsrderaDl,^-“,by establishing contact
with them, where as, if such agnation as Russia should ac­
quire this knowledge before' ils'we would certainly suffer as
a result
Whatever means of power these objects possess, thay may attain
speeds .far in excess of our latest rockets. It will be futile
to give pursuit, or to attempt any forceful approach.

From reports, we have no reason to believe these objects have
anything but friendly intentions, also, they may be restrict­
ed as to the distance they may approach the earth without
danger.  It is also my belief that given an opportunity, they
will approach an earthly object, at high altitude, as close
as possible without danger to either themselves or the object.

If my theory approaches the truth, then these strange objects
will be unable to establish contact wth the earth without
our assistance.

Taking the earth at an age of two billion years, having suff­
ered worldly catastrophies, and set-backs, we may be as
children compared to a planet of four billion years, or of
equal age without catastrophies.

Our scientific laws have worked well for us, however, they
probably do not hold true for all planets.  Lacking water
and trees in the beginning we would have been an entirely
different world, perhaps even further advanced.

My background induces a good foundation in high-altitude
flying, and in the field of electricity.  Although I am well
established in business, it is my desire toenter the field of
research related to this subject.

My name is not for publication.

                                       Very truly yours.


                                       W. B. Burges^
                         FEDERAL BUREAU OF iwr-.’
                           U. 3. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
                                                                               rZ' '17
                          co?.:
                                                                                 Mr. Harbo___
                              MAY 12 1959                                    Mr. Rosen


                                                                              Mr. Lamtl
                                                                              Mr. Mohr
                                                                              Tele. Room
                                                                                 Mr. Holloman___
                                                                              Mias Gaudy____ .

          AVANNAH                            5-12-52         7-58 PM                             WED
 FBI
       ECTOR   FEI                           URGENT


 SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT, ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION. FLYING DI
 APPROXIMATELY TEN FORTYFIVE PM                     MAY TEN LAST FOUR EMPLOYEES OF
 DUPONT CO       EMPLOYED ON SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT NEAR ELLENTION
 SAW FOUR DISC SHAPED OBJECTS APPROACHING THE FOUR HUNDRED AREA FROM
 THE SOUTH      DISAPPEARING IN NORTHERNLY DIRECTION.                  AT APPROXIMATELY
 ELEVEN FIVE PM       ABOVE MENTIONED EMPLOYEES SAW TWO SIMILAR OBJECTS
 APPROACH FROM SOUTH AND DISAPPEAR IN NORTHERNLY DIRECTION                               T
 APPROXIMATELY ELEVEN TEN PM ONE SIMILAR OBJECT APPROACHED FROM THE
 NORTHEAST AND DISAPPEARED IN SOUTHWESTERNLY DIRECTION                       ONE MORE
 OBJECT SIGHTED ABOUT ELEVEN FIFTEEN PM TRAVELLING FROM SOUTH TO NORTH
 EMPLOYEES DESCRIBED OBJECTS AS BEING ABOUT FIFTEEN INCHES IN DIAMETER
 HAVING YELLOW TO GOLD COLOR                 ALL OF THESE OBJECTS WERE TRAVEL                    AT

 HIGH RATE OF SPEED AT HIGH ALTITUTE WITHOUT ANY NOISE                       EIGHTH
 WHICH APPROACHED THE FOy^HUNDRED AREA FROM NE WAS TRAVELLING AT
 ALTITUDE SO LOW IT HAD TO RISE TO PASS OVER SOME TALL TANKS IN FOUR
 HUNDRED AREA        THIS OBJECT WAS .                                             PEED AND WAS
                                  RECORDED
...NOISELESS     WITNESSES STATED OBSERV                                           LEFT TO RIG
PAGE TWO


BUT SEEMED TO HOLD GENERAL COURSE.   ALSO STATED DUE TO SPEED AND
ALTITUDE THEY WERE ONLY VISIBLE FOR FEW SECONDS.   SAVANNAH OFFICE IS
NOT ACTIVELY CONDUCTING INVESTIGATION IN THIS MATTER AND IS FURNISHING
THIS INFO TO BUREAU FOR WHATEVER ACTION THEY DEEM ADVISABLE.


SCHLENKER
ACK AND HOLD
9-03 PM OK FBI WA SS
DIRECTOR, FBI                   URGENT                 x                   I


SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT, ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION, FLYING DISC.        AT     I
APPROXIMATELY TEN FORTYFIVE PM, MAY TEN LAST FOUR EMPLOYEES OF             I
DUPONT CO., EMPLOYED ON SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT NEAR ELLENTION, S. C.,
SAW FOUR DISC SHAPED OBJECTS APPROACHING THE FOUR HUNDRED AREA FROM        I
THE SOUTH, DISAPPEARING IN NORTHERNLY DIRECTION.     AT APPROXIMATELY
ELEVEN FIVE PM, ABOVE MENTIONED EMPLOYEES SAW TWO SIMILAR OBJECTS
APPROACH FROM SOUTH AND DISAPPEAR IN NORTHERNLY DIRECTION.     AT
APPROXIMATELY ELEVEN TEN PM ONE SIMILAR OBJECT APPROACHED FROM THE         I
NORTHEAST AND DISAPPEARED IN SOUTHWESTERNLY DIRECTION.     ONE MORE        I
OBJECT SIGHTED ABOUT ELEVEN FIFTEEN PM TRAVELLING FROM SOUTH TO NORTH.
EMPLOYEES DESCRIBED OBJECTS AS BEING ABOUT FIFTEEN INCHES IN DIAMETER,
HAVING YELLOW TO GOLD COLOR.     ALL OF THESE OBJECTS WERE TRAVELLING AT   |

HIGH RATE OF SPEED AT HIGH ALTITUTE WITHOUT ANY NOISE.     EIGHTH OBJECT
WHICH APPROACHED THE FOUR HUNDRED AREA FROM NE WAS TRAVELLING AT           |

ALTITUDE SO LOU IT HAD TO RISE TO PASS OVER SOME TALL TANKS IN FOUR
HUNDRED AREA.     THIS OBJECT WAS ALSO FLYINC AT HIGH RATE OF SPEED AND WAS
NOISELESS.     UITHNESSES STATED OBSERVED OBJECTS WEAVING FROM LEFT TO RICH


END PAGE ONE
  RECEIVED               COP    ATION-LIAISON
                               F. -
;mi3 W2“w"j'             U.S. DEPT. O' JUSTICE

 t RHAL St
                         to ! 3 3»WK             . ^
       , iir   justice
PAGE TWO


BUT SEEMED TO HOLD GENERAL COURSE.   ALSO STATED DUE TO SPEED AND
ALTITUDE THEY WERE ONLY VISIBLE FOR FEW SECONDS.   SAVANNAH OFFICE IS
NOT ACTIVELY CONDUCTING INVESTIGATION IN THIS MATTER AND IS FURNISHING
THIS INFO TO BUREAU FOR WHATEVER ACTION THEY DEEM ADVISABLE.


SCHLENKER
ACK AND HOLD
9-03 PM OK FBI WA SS
&Hd*s£       e;a-u
goiisr.r jo'wo-s c

Nosivn- noi.lv ^aos
                                       URI


                              Mau US, 1963
                              Director of Special Investigations
                              The Inspector General
                              Department of the Air Force
                              The Pentagon
                              Washington 35, D. C.
                  Trons       John Edgar Hoover, t trector
                              Federal Bureau of Investigation
                  Subjects Q\LIIMG_JJJ^R£PORT£LLI SEEM
                              1N VICIHITF Jf^AVAriMAH RIVER PLAMT
                              ATOMIC KURUCX COMMISSION


                             The Savannah Office of this Bureau has been
                   informed that at approximately 10145 p.m, 'lay 10, 1952,
                  four employees of the DuPont Company employed in the
                  Savannah River Plant near Ellenton, South Carolina, naw
                  four dink ehaped objecte approaching "the four hundred
                  area" from the south which disappeared in a northerly
                  direction. At approximately HtOS pynjon the same date
                   the above-mentioned employees saw two similar objects
                  approach from the south and disappear tn a northerly
                  direction. At approximately llilQ r^.n^ similar object
                   was seen by these employees approaching from the north­
                  east and disappearing in a southwesterly direction. A
                  similar object was also sighted about 11115 pm traveling
                  from south to north by the same employees.
                             The disks were described by the above-mentioned
                  employees as bstng approximately fifteen inches tn diameter
                  and yellow to gold tn color. All of the objects were
                  allegedly traveling at a high rate of speed and at a high
                  altitude without any noise. The disk shaped object
                   referred to above which approached "the four hundred area"
                  from a northeasterly direction was reportedly traveling at
Iol»«l________
Udd__________
                  such a low altitude tt had to rise to pass over sone tall
Michels_______     tanks which are tn "the four hundred area." The employees
B»l«cnt___^_
Clegg_________
                   referred to above advised the objects were weaving from left
Slavin________     to right but seemed to hold a general course. According to
Barbo_________     these persons because of the speed at which the objects were
Bonen_________
!*#e,__________
                   traveling they were only visible for a few seconds.   >
Laughlin___
Bohr___________
Tele. Ra.___

Hollcoan______                   SECOR IT.
Gand)_______ __


                  EHM:awy ,                  ^'f 1 5 1952
                                              MAILED 26
           The about data, which waa preutoualy furntehed
to your office through thio Bureau'* liaiaon repreaentattue
la being furntehed for your infomation and any action you
deetre to tahe tn thia natter. Ho tnueettgation in being
conducted by thio Bureau.
cc - Aaatatant Chief of Staff, 0-2
     Department of the Army
     The Pentagon
     taehington 25, D. C.
    Attention/   Chief, Intelligence Divtaion
co - Director of Naval Intelligence
     Department of the Navy
     The Pentagon
     Naahington 25, I. C.
cc - Captain John A. tatere
     Director of Security             BI SPECIAL MESSENGER
     Atomic Energy Commiaaion
     Room &OSB
     333 Third Street, N. W.
     Naahington, D. C.


          SECURITY INFORMA TION - -£tW*fM*fft£-
RE FLYING. SAUCERS, INFORMATION CONCERNING. THREE WOMEN SAW ASTRANGE
OBJECTS FLOATING IN SKY OVER ASHLAND , KY. AT EIGHT FIFTY PM, EST,
MAY TWENTY FIVE LAST FOR TWO OR THREE MINUTES. OBJECTS DESCRIBED AS
LOOKING LIKE LARGE OYSTERS WITH FISHTAILS FLOATING LOW LIKE A CLOUD.
THEY WERE OVAL IN SHAPE AND ACCORDING TO OBSERVERS COULD HAVE BEEN
BALLOONS. THEY CAME IN OVER ASHLAND FROM THE NORTH, CIRCLED AND WENT
BACK IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION. ABOVE INFORMATION FOR BUREAU. NO
                     DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                   HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
                            WASHINGTON 25. D. C.


                                                                18 BAY W
24-18$

Honorable J* Edgar Hoover
Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation
U. S. Department of Justice
Washington 25, D. C.

                               ATTN:    Hr. N. V      c ox, Li a is on

                                RE:     Unidentified Aerial Object Sighted
                                        General Area Ritchie Highway, South
                                        Baltimore, Maryland, 10:45 PM, 29
                                        Mar 52 by Donalc^^t ewart, 2241 Warren
                                        Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland

Dear Sir:

      There is attached for your information a copy of a report by Special
 Agent Boyce Royal of this office dated May 12, 1952, in regard to the    /
 captioned subject. Your attention is invited to the statement of Mr*
.Donald Stewart as reflected on page 4, paragraph 7, of the report, to the
 effect that, at the time of the alleged sighting of this object, he had'
Jin his possession a Thompson sub-machine gun* A copy of this attachment*
Tias also been furnished the Treasury Department.

     Mo further inquiry into this matter is contemplated by the Office
of Special Investigations.

                                       Sincerely,
            V fJ


1 Ind                                  GILBERT R. LEVY       0
  Rpt by SA Royal dtd 12 Kay 52        Chief, Counter Intelligence Division
                                       Directorate of Special Investigations
                                       The Inspector General


                                 RECORDED -129

                                  i©a® •129

                                                                    DECLASSIFIED
                                                                         Authority:
                                                                         NND 90986
                       UNITED STATES AIR FORCE                          FILE NO.                                 DATE

                 * -    The Inspector General.
                  OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
                                                                                                                   MAY1 2 1952
                                                                        REPORT MADE BY
                 REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
                                                                        REPORT MADE AT


             UNKNOWi SUBJECT:                                           PERIOD
             Sighting o? Unidentified Aerial                            10, 11, 12 May 1952
             Object, Ritchie Highway, SO.                               OFFICE OF ORIGIN
             Baltimore, Maryland, 29 March 1952                         Hq. OSI
                                                                        STATUS

                                                                        HUC
 CHARACTER
                                                                                                 Unauthorized disclosure of information
 ______ SPECIAL INQUIRE____________________ ___________                                          contained in this report Is prohibited
 REFERENCE
                                                                                                 and will bo considered a violation of
                                                                                                 APR 205-1 and AFR 205-6. paragraph IL
 ______ Telephono niessage 01 Division Hq, j^^9_Ma^^
 SYNOPSIS

       Investigation requested by Rq. OSI predicated on information received from
       Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson AFB that DONALD STEWART
       and (FNU) TILER had observed unconventional type aircraft on 29 March 1952
       in the vicinity of Baltimore, Maryland. Information relayed to Air Technical
       Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson AFB by ULIUS LOUIS AMOSS who received
       it from LOU CORBIN, a news ©amentator, employed by station MF3R, Baltimore,
       Md. CORBIN interviewed, furnished information that D AL'? '      T?, 224 Warren
       Avenue and GEORGIA ‘YLER IH, 112 East Montgomery St., Baltimore, Md., had been
       interviewed by him ^n 24 and 27 April 1952 and had reported sighting a diso-
       liko aircraft at approximately 2045 hours, 29 March 1952 on Ritchie Highway
       near the intersection of US Route 301; that automobile engine stopped and paint
       cracked as aircraft hovered 200 feet above car. STEWART interviewed and re­
       lated substantially the same story which he had given CORBIN previously. SAT
       FOX, Engineer, Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Baltimore, Md, interviewed,
       advised ho had made complete examination of STEWART1 s vehicle at request of
       CORBIN > including examination with geiger counter and determined no unusual
       defects. AMOSS interviewed, stated had no direct knowledge of incident and
       had merely relayed information furnished him by CORBIN; advised that several
       residents, Gibson Island, Maryland had hoard unusual noises but none had observed
       any such aircraft. TILER interviewed and confirmed statement given by STEWART
       however, upon reinterview, admitted that he had not been with STEWART at the
       time of the alleged sighting, and had not seen any such aircraft; advised
       that STEWART had asked him to tell that story and that he had dene so. Inter­
       views conducted along Ritchie Highway in vicinity of location where aircraft
  DISTRIBUTION                               ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO                          FILE STAMP


   Hq. OSI (action)
   File


                                             APPROVED


                                                         Colonel, USAF
                                                                         District Commander.

AFHQ FORM
15 IAN 49    0-208 Replaces AFCSI Form 4,23 Jul 48, which may be used.                                      16—57744-1   U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
SYNOPSIS (Cont’d)
was allegedly sighted Indicated no knowledge of any such craft. Ame
Arundel County Police Department had no record of reports of described
aircraft. STEWART in reinterview reaffirmed sighting and that TYLER
had been with him at the time and had seen the aircraft. File checks
re STEWART at local police agencies negative. FBI, Baltimore Field
Office records reflect STEWART fired from employment at Baltimore,
Maryland, for placing a decal bearing Communist Insignia on a truck
belonging to the firm by whom he was employed. FBI check re TYLER,
CORBIN, AMOSS negative.
. . sec fl KM-r
DETA IRS:
      1. This investigation was initiated upon a request from Head­
quarters 081 on 9 Hay 195? from I.t. Col. LUCKS L. FREE, predicated
upon information received from Lt. Col. RAY v. TAYLOR, Air Technical
Intelligence Center, Aright-Patterson Air Force Base, to the effect
that Col. TAYLOR had received information regarding an unidentified
aircraft which was reported to have been seen at 22h5 hours, 29 March
1952, on Ritchie Highway, south of Baltimore, Maryland. Air Technical
Intelligence Center advised that the information had been received
from (TIP'S LOUTS AMOSS, a civilian.
     2. This 1b a joint investigation of Special Agents CLIFFORD P.
Jones, OLIVER R. WEATHERHOLT, and the writer.

     AT WASHINGTON, D. C.
      3. On 10 May 1952 Lt. Col. MICTm L. FREE, Headquarters OSI, was
interviewed and furnished the writer with a copy of a TAI received from
the Air Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB. Information con­
tained in the TWX is summarized as follows:
          The TWX represents a copy of a letter to the Commanding General,
Project Blue Book, from ULIT’S LOUIS AMOSS, Gibson Island, Maryland,
dated 2h April 1952. The letter stated that one DONALD STF ART, residing
at 221:1 Warren Avenue, Baltimore 30, Maryland, had observed an uncon-
vential type aircraft on 29 March 1952. Present with him at the time of
this observation was one FNU TYD R, believed to be a seventeen year old
(17) high school student. The aircraft was allegedly observed while
STEUART and TYLER were driving north on Ritchie Highway, approaching
Baltimore, Maryland. It was described as shaped like a large pancake
and was alleged to have havered over the automobile, killing the engine.
The letter also advised that STEWART had been Interviewed by a LOU
CORBIN, a radio announcer of ' FBR, Baltimore radio station. CORBIN
was described as a reserve CIC officer. The letter also stated that a
   RG^lUSON and son, J ' \^ason, alleged to reside on Yacht Club Road,
Riviera Beach, Maryland, ha^also seen such an aircraft. A NKT^ON
STRIEKCIRUT and wife, and a Mrs. SALLY SYMINGTON HENDERSON and Judge
and Mrs. HENDERSON were all said to have heard an aerial noise on 19
April 1952 at approximately 2300 hours. The Glenn Hurnle Police were
said to have had many similar Incidents reported but laughed then off.
     AT BALTIMORE, MARYLAND

     h. On 10 . ay 1952 *. WP «T KEITH, U. S. eather Bureau, Inter­
national Friendship Airport, Baltimore, Maryland, advised that the
weather map for 2226 hours, 29 March 1952, indicated clear sky, NNW
winds - eight (8) miles per hour; at 2256 hours, 29 March 1952, partly

                               2

      SECURITY WSW-                         d a i ^ Mil'll
                                                             w
    .    SBOlhlN^

. cloudy, NN5 winds - twelve (12) miles per hour; winds aloft at one
  thousand (1000) feet, NOT - sixteen (16) miles per hour.
        5. On 10 May 1952 Mr. LOUIS E. CORBIN was interviewed at radio
  station WFBR in Baltimore, Maryland, and stated in substance as follows:
           Mr. CORBIN advised that he had received information in the
  latter part of April to the effect that a DONALD l^BTE-ART, residing
  at 22h/Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, had, while accompanied by
   r. GE RGE sXTTLER III, observed a strange appearing aircraft on
  29 March 1952. Mr. CORBIN indicated that ths source of his information
  had been a newspaper reporter for one of the local newspapers, whose
  name he did not divulge. CORBIN related that he had for some time been
  interested in the "flying saucer situation", and that it had been his
  intention to write a documentary program for broadcast concerning that
  subject. He said further that inasmuch as the above incident was the
  first one to be brought to his attention within that area, he determined
  to investigate it.
            On 2b April 1952 CORBIN interviewed Mr. DONALD F. STEWART and
  ascertained that he was employed as a clerk by the Baltimore & Ohio
  Railroad. He further ascertained that the date of observation was
  29 March 1952; place, Ritchie Highway near the harness track; time,
  10:1*5 PM; weather, clear; moon and stars out; approximate length of
  observation, two (2) minutes; estimated altitude, two hundred (200)
  feet. CORBIN obtained the details of the Incident and set them down
  in a chronological order. A photostatic repreduction of the Information
  obtained in that interview is being forwarded as an inclosure to this
  report. CORBIN also interviewed Mr. GEORGE S. TYLER III relative to the
  above incident and made a similar writing, a photostatic repreduction of
  which is being forwarded as an inclosure to this report.
           CORBIN advised the writer that he was acquainted with the
  editor of a civilian Intelligence bulletin, r. LIUS LOUTS AWS8, to
  whom he connuni Gated the above Infomation. Mr. CORBIN further advised
  that he would not release any of the information publicly and did not
  intend to do so until such time as the authorities completed investiga­
  tion of the incident. CORBIN related that when he had called the Anne
  Arundel County Police they had informed him that they had had numerous
  reports of that nature but had passed them off as harmless. CORBIN
  stated that he had had a friend of his, RAYMOND FOX, conduct a scientific
  examination of STEWART'S automobile for the purpose of determining any
  unusual characteristics which might have been present. C ~ IN advised
  that he was not a reserve CIC officer; however, he related that he had
  been an intelligence officer with the staff of General GEORGE S. PATTON
  in Europe and that he presently holds an inactive reserve com.:ission as
  lieutenant colonel, 0—375086.
         Mr. CORBIN, during the course of the interview, made no
mention of QE9RGE or JOHN MASON, and when specifically questioned with
regards to the two above individuals, he said that he did not recall
either*
     6* On 10 ’Jay 1952 the records of the FBI Field Office^Jaltlm-are,
Maryland, were reviewed and reflected that DONALD FRANKLIMBTEWART,
224 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was questioned for illegal
wearing of the Navy uniform in July 1948. Records also reflect that
ST1-ART was a member of the U* S. Naval Reserve and the investigation
was discontinued as no violation* These records also reflect that
STEWART was fired from the Baltimore Supply Company, Baltimore, Maryland,
for placing a decal of the hammer and sickle and red star on the door of
* Baltimore Supply Company truck* This act was committed on 30 July
1948. The FBI Field Office records reflect no records of ULr S LOUIS
AMOSS and no derogatory information on LOUIS E. CORBIN, No information
concerning reports of unconvential aircraft sighted during the past
two (2) years were on record at the FBI Field Office.
     7# Mr« DONALD FRANKLIN STEWART was interviewed at his residence,
224 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, on 10 fey 1952, and with
reference to the incident in instant case, he related in substance as
follows:
         STEWART, accompanied by his friend, GE ROE TYLER, were returning
to Baltimore from Glenn Bornie, Maryland, via the Ritchie Highway, on
29 March 1952. They wore in a 1949 Anglia Vampire, an English car, and
were proceeding in a northerly direction, having just left a Howard
Johnson Restaurant adjacent to the intersection of Ritchie Highway and
U. S. Highway #301. While approximately opposite a harness track five
hundred (500) yards north of the above named Intersection, ST) ART
related, he observed a strange looking aircraft a- pearing on the horizon
ahead of his automobile. STEWART described the aircraft as being a
flat disk with a cupola or dome in the center of one side, de described
the dome as having what appeared to be a small porthole on one side
and the shadowy outline of what appeared to be a "hatch, similar to
those found on a ship". He stated that this craft approached his
vehicle from a northeasterly direction and hovered above his automobile.
          He further described the object as being of a luminous silver
color and emitting bright lights around the edges similar to neon
tubing of hif^ brilliance. He stated that at the time the incident
occurred he had in the rear seat of his vehicle a Thompson sob-machine
gun with which weapon he left the automobile and walked around the car
several times debating as to whether or not he should fire upon tlie
aircraft. He advised that his companion, TILER, remained in the auto­
mobile and had pleaded with him not to discharge the weapon for fear of!
retaliation from the aircraft.    r* STErART declined to comirent as to /
the origin, jareaent whereabouts, or owner of the above named weapon. ■

                              4

      SEIM IMATION-^raDffl#
     SECURE INFORMATION -Wfiit

         STEWART stated that when the aircraft came to rest above his
automobile, it appeared to be "at least fifty feet (50) in diameter,
and wavered slightly." hile in sight the aircraft gave off a sound
similar to that of a vacuum cleaner. STE ART averred that the aircraft
maintained its position above the automobile for approximately three
(3) minutes and then turned on its edge, thereby presenting its flat
surface to his vision, and appeared to roll across the sky at a terrific
rate of speed, greater than that of a jet plane. STEWART estimated the
horizon to the southwest of his vision, towards which the object was
traveling, as approximately three and ore-half (3$) miles from his
position, and that the object as it disappeared across the horizon was
approximately the dimension of a five (5) inch disk held at arm's length.
He advised that when the object first appeared, it appeared to be at an
angle to the horizon of fifty (50) degrees, and as he was proceeding
north it appeared on the northeast horizon on the crest of a hill, lie
also advised that during the period the object was in his vision he
noticed no sign of activity within it and discerned no odor from it.
         STERART advised that during the time of the above observation
of the aircraft there was only one other automobile in the immediate
vicinity. Ite described this to be a 19US Pontiac convertible, yellow,
with 1952 Maryland license plates, the first three (3) digits of which
were six-zero—zero (600). Ite related that the car was apparently oc­
cupied by a man and a woman and that the man had dismounted his auto­
mobile and was looking at the aircraft, but that upon being hailed by
ST UART, had returned to his automobile and driven off rapidly. It
was Mr. STEUART'S opinion that he did so upon seeing the aforementioned
Thompson sub-machine gun. Mr. ST iRT informed the writer that he was
not addicted to or a casual indulger of any form of alcoholic beverages
and was not under such influence at the time of the sighting. He further
advised that he wore glasses only for purposes of reading and that the
only obstruction to his observation of the above described aircraft was
the windshield of his automobile when first sighted; however, when he
emerged from the automobile he was able to observe the aircraft without
any trouble.
         STEUART contended that the above Incident had a singular effect
upon his automobile in that it killed the motor and apparently magne­
tized Its wiring. He also stated that the above incident had resulted
in the paint on his car cracking.
         AGENT'S NOTEi An inspection of STK^ART's automobile revealed
         that it had been recently painted.
         It was ascertained from STEWART that his hobbies were the
collection and handling of weapons, American History, and that his
avocation was politics. He stated that he had been active in the
political candidacy of a senatorial contestant of the State of Maryland
and was currently leader of the political club supporting the above
mentioned candidate In his ward. He advised that on the night of the

                               5

    SECSTY OB«W                      ----------------------
above incident he had been engaged in distributing campaign literature
with reference to the above campaigning in Glenn Burnley Maryland) and
was returning to Baltimore when he observed the aircraft. During the
course of the above interview STEWART appeared calm and answered all
questions without hesitation and when subjected to requestioning, did
not change his statements in any particular.
     AT BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
      8. Mr. LOTTIS GT TEOS, 228 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was
interviewed on 10 May 1952, and stated that he has known STEWART all
his life and has found no fault with him. GITEOS advised that STEMART
comes from a good family and he would recommend him for a position of
trust. GITBOS stated that he does not believe ST ART has ever been in
trouble with the police.
      9. Miss MARY fl'.' VER, 226 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was
interviewed on 10 May 1952 and stated that STEUART "shoots a lot of bull",
usually bragging about himself and his accomplishments. Outside of
talking too much, HOOVER believes that STEWART is honest, makes a good
impression, does not drink, a good worker, and loyal to the government.
She would recommend STUART for a position of trust, but stated that
she did not believe he could keep a secret.
      10. Mrs. LC IS GITEOS, 228 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was
interviewed on 10 May 1952 and stated that SWART talks too much and
likes to exaggerate, other than that, Mrs. GITEOS would reconrerd
SW-ART for a position of trust. She considers him honest, loyal, and
a good boy.
     11. '.'r. RAYMOND FOX, Project Engineer, Engineering Department,
Radioactive Detection Division, ’Vestinhouse Electric Corporation,
Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed at the Maryland Yacht Club on 10
May 1952, and advised that during the latter part of April 1952 he
examined the automobile described in the above paragraph with a geigor
counter and could detect no radioactive reaction. He also stated that
he examined the engine and all working parts of the automobile and was
unable to detect any unusual defects or characteristics. He stated
that the automobile had been repainted and that he was inclined to dis­
believe the Incident as it was related to him.
     AT FERNDALE, MARYLAND
     12. On 10 May 1952 Officer J. L. GAVIN, Anne Arundel County Police
Department, Ritchie Highway Sub-Station, advised that the only report
relative to instant investigation that he was aware of as being received
by the department was purported to have been an observation during the
latter pert of March by the bridge keeper, Curtis Bay Bridge, Curtis ’My,
Maryland. Officer GAVIN volunteered that the proximity of that area to
the Aberdeen Proving Grounds resulted in frequent noises of explosions
                               6


         SE® TY »®1W
. and that ths police department had many calls of inquiry but that
  they all, with the above exception, wore reports of noise and not of
  the sighting of any such aircraft. Officer GAVIN stated that in hie
  opinion it was highly unlikely that an automobile could stop for a
  period of three (3) minutes on a Saturday night, as during the time
  of the alleged incident, without several other vehicles passing by.
  He gave as his reasons that Ritchie Highway was an arterial highway
  for several outlying districts of Baltimore as well as being a por­
  tion of the north-south route from Baltimore to the Potomac Bridge,
  and that traffic was usually frequent at all times, and especially
  so during that part of the evening on weekends.
      AT GIBSON ISLAND, MARTIA ND
      13. ULI’ S L "is a?->ss, Colonel, USA, Retired, residing at 8
 Cotterhill Road, Gibson Island, Maryland, was interviewed on 11 May
 1952 with reference to his knowledge of above alleged sighting of an
 unconventional aircraft. He stated in substance that his knowledge
 was third-hand and therefore he was not in a position to give detailed
 information. He advised that he was Informed of the above Incident
 by CORBIN who, in addition to the information set forth above, had
 told him that a GEORGE MASON and his son, JOHN MASON, purported to
 reside on Yacht Club Road, Riviera Beach, Maryland, also had informa­
 tion with reference to instant incident.
          AMASS stated that the residents of Gibson Island frequently
 heard noises in the night, reported like that produced by a large
 formation of conventional aircraft. Col. AMOSS described this noise
 as of a magnitude and intensity similar to a major bombing group of
 at least one hundred (100) planes. He advised that Mr. and rs.
 NELSON STINCHCOMB (whom he previously reported as STRIEKCIRUT), and
 Judge and Mrs. HENDERSON, Sr., and Mrs. SALLY HENDERSON SYMINGTON
 had all reported loud noises of the above type on the night of Saturday
 19 April 1952, and that he had included this information in his letter
 to General ACKERMAN only as miscellaneous data. He related that the
 noises occurred nightly but were particularly intense on Thursday
 nights.
          Col. AMOSS Informed the writer that he had attempted to locate
 GEORGE and JOHN MASON but had been unable to contact them. He stated
 that there was no street designated Yacht Club Road at Riviera Beach,
 Maryland, and that the nearest approximation of that name was Club Road
 He further stated that there was only one residence on Club Road and
 that residence was presently occupied by a Mr. GE ROE REA, whom he was
 unable to contact.
      lb. Attempts by the writer to interview individuals named in the
 preceding paragraph met with negative results.
     AT GLENN tJJRNIE, VARYU ND
      15» Mr. R .'BERT MEAD VS, Proprietor of a Shell Service Station,
located at 1501 Ritchie Highway, approximately three hundred (300) yards
north of the Intersection of Ritchie Highway and U. S. Route #301, was
interviewed on 11 May 1952, and advised that to the best of his recollection
he had been on duty in the station on the night the above incident was said
to have occurred, and that to his knowledge no such incident took place.
MEADOWS related that had the aircraft traveled in the direction as alleged,
he would surely have observed itj or if he had not been on duty that night,
he would surely have been informed of the incident by the man who had
been on duty at the time. MEADOWS informed the writer that it was highly
unlikely in his opinion that any three (3) minute period could elapse
without the passage of several automobiles at the time the above incident
was alleged to have occurred.
      16. Mr. WILLIAM ROELECKE, Jr., employee of .toward Johnson Restaurant,
located at the Intersection of Ritchie Highway and V. S. Route 301, was
interviewed on 11 May 1952 and advised that he had no knowledge of the
above Incident.
     AT CURTIS RAY, MARYLAND
     17. Mr. WAHLEN HOLLINS, Drawbridge Operator, Curtis Hay Bridge,
was interviewed on 11 May 1952 and advised that he is the regular draw­
bridge operator on the Curtis Bay Bridge on the 1600 hours to 2h00 hours
shift. HILLTMS stated he was on duty the evening of the 29th of March
1952 and that he had not observed, nor ever observed, any unconventional
aircraft. HOLLINS further advised that he did not make a report to the
Anne Arundale Police Department of such an incident.
     AT BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
     18. On 11 May 1952 Mr. GEORGE S. TYLER III, aged sixteen (16),
112 E. Montgomery Street, Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed at 1030
hours and repeated the same story as he related to CORPIN. One variance
in the story was that the car engine did not stop until after STEUART
and TYLER had gotten out.
     19. GEORGE S. TILER, Jr., father of GEORGE S. TTL8R ITT, was inter­
viewed on 11 May 1952 and stated that STEWART is "off the beam" and "not
normal"; at times he is smart, but "too smart". TYLER said his son is a
little careless with the truth and he believes the story is made up.
TYLER stated STEWART is a peculiar person, and he has known him for sev­
eral years. TYLER thinks STEUART made it up to get his name in the
papers. TYL® also stated that Ritchie Highway is very crowded and more
than one person would have seen it. ' r. TYLER thinks that if his son
had seen it he would have discussed it with him or some other member of
the family, but he did not do so.
              0                       ---- 0
     20. On 11 May 1952 LOTTS F. TILER, uncle of TH£R III, 230 Edge—
ville Road, Baltimore 25, Maryland, was interviewed and stated that he
does not believe his nephew’s story. Ite stated that TYLER TH can
dream up fantastic stories at times* lie believes it is a hoax and
thinks his nephew was talked into telling the story.
      21* At approximately 121$ hours, 11 May 1952, G < RGB S. TYV R III
was reinterviewed in the presence of his father and mother, at which
time TYLER stated that STEWART had seen the ’’saucer" prior to the time
of meeting him and that all the Information which he had given was in­
formation that STUART told him. TYLiR advised that he did not see
a thing and had reported the description of the aircraft as STOART had
told him. fe stated that STEUART had told the sighting of the aircraft
to him as they returned from Glenn Burnie, Maryland, to Baltimore, and
asked him (TYLER) to affirm tho report because he feared that no one
would believe his story* TYLER advised that he called the newspapers,
the Sun and the Post, to find out if anyone else had reported the in­
cident, and was informed that several reports had been received. TIT R
further stated that at first he believed the story STL TART had told himj
however, he naw believes that STEWART made it all up. TYLER averred that
he had been in Glenn Burnie visiting friends and was waiting at a bus
stop to return to Baltimore on the night of 29 'larch 1952, when he met
STEWART who had been in Glenn Burnie posting campaign posters; that
STL /ART had offerred to give him a ride back to Baltimore and he had
accepted; that it was on the trip back to Baltimore that STEUART bad
related to him the sighting of the strange aircraft earlier in the
evening.
         TYLU stated that they left Glenn Burnie at approximately
2230 hours and had driven to Baltimore without incident; that they
had made no stops along the road; that he did not see any sub-machine
gun in the automobile as reported by STEWART.    ,____ _____________
     22. STi^ART was reinterviewed at approximately 1315 hours, 11 May
1952, and stated that TYLER was with him an 1 had witnessed the incident.
STEWART denied emphatically any falsehood in the story and stated that
the whole thing was the absolute truth.
      23. On 12 May 1952 Special Agent OLIVER R. /SATHERHOLT interviewed
Mr. HAROLD B. ISENLOCK at the Griebel Motor Company, Light and Hen­
rietta streets, Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. ISENNOCK stated that work was
performed on STEWART’S car on 8 "ay; that the work performed was ad­
justment of brakes, installation of clutch, adjust generator, repairing
or taping the wires leading from the generator, change oil, and lubri­
cation. He stated that the car needed only routine repairs and there
was no indication of any unusual repairs.-
         Mr, ISENNOCK advised that ST 7ART had traded at the garage
regularly and that he considered him a "screwball". Review of the
                              9


        SECURITY IMFORiffl-WB
         SECUHTY INFORMATION-®&

'records at the garage reflected that the car had been serviced on 23
 April, 8 December, 18 Dece mber 1951; and 31 January, 20 .“arch, and 8
 May 1952. The records reflected that the car had been brought in for
 routine check-ups and repairs. There was no indication in the records
 that the car had been repainted. Hr. IJ ^N'^CK stated that the car was
 still the same green color; however, he could not state as to whether
 it had been recently repainted. He did state he knew the car had not
 been repainted at his garage.
     2h. On 12 May 1952 records checks at the Baltimore City Police
Department, Baltimore County Police, and Maryland State Police reflected
no records of STEWART.
                        INCLOSURES
FOR HEADQIARTERS OSI
     1. Photostatic reproduction of information obtained from STL APT
by CORBIN (with sketch).
     2. Photostatic reproduction of information obtained from TYLER
by CORBIN.


                           CLOSED


                              10


      SECURITY INFORMATION-                             1
    <    ^!ll_:i22^1^                          *            :___224j?arren avenue


ThlEIEON?: NUMBER: SAratoga 1423                                           __ .
——--------------------- _— ___________ ,____________ AGE:

" . JLOYM’MT:         B. and 0. Hailroad-------           Clerical   ork


DATE C - OPS R^riON;            March 29, 1952              IL^: Ritchie Highway- Harness Track


3^1———_l^L^il 11^^                     **M*           .      --Ti R: Clear----- MOON and STARS OUT


APTR OXI MATE LENGTH 0? OBSERVATION: T-0 ...INUTES


ESTIMATED ALTITUDE: 200 FEET


DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:


                        At approximately 10:45 P.M. on Saturday, March 29, 1952, near
the Harness Track oh Ritchie Highway, The above in company with a Mr. George

Tyler of East ^Montgomery Street in Baltimore,’ witnessed the following-

                        A souno similar to a vacuum cleaner attracted attention.
Upon investigation,while traveling north toward Baltimore, a strange object

was proceeding in the aky in an approximate north-south direction.                       It appeared
to be moving very slowly (considerably a lower than a commercial airliner) .
TITL'TSP         :TT-’ ATTACHED-------------

This object was estimated to be at least as large as a two motored transport

plane.      It hovered directly over th-- highway and over the automobile.                   After

approx a'lately two minutes, it .-                 -nly timed perpendicular with a whirring

                             roll         t - R:-y with fantastic speed like a rocket.


Best Possible Image
it.' 1 ------        * X/? ,         .    .   *          su


                 ,.hen| the object was over the highway the car engine died

suddenly and remained dead until it departed.       A yellow Pontiac convertible

traveling south along the highway experienced the same situation.           Occupants

in all cars were very frightened.   The automobile, A British Ford was taken to
Griebel                                                          , _ .
&£’£&&&£ Motors on Li^ht St. They over-hauled the entire car.    A friend,

Mr. Kenny Johnson, ah electrician, in a repair shop said something about

wiring being magnetised.       Mr. Johnson had previously been an aviation Jet

mechanic during the war.        Mr. Stewart is not sufficiently familiar with the

technical sit lation to recall his exact explanation.

A check with the Glenn Burnie Police on this date April 24th, indicated that

several times during this year the Headquarters at Glenn burnie Police were

notified concerning a curious object in the sky.           The Police have always
considered the soured of such objects as being Aberdeen Proving Grounds. In all

events the Police have not conducted a detailed investigation as a result of

any such call to their headquarters.


  general summary of an apjraisal made by         "R.F."


                  Several checks of the automobile apparently indicated a

   negative reaction.....s£fe to conclude that something was observed in the

   sky.   A thorough examination of the witness suggests that it’s unlikely he

   could have made up a sjory.       His reported observations are aero-dynamically

   possible and fall into a logical sequence.        Impossible at the moment to

   identify object or its origin. .... U G JU. 2 1011:        lossibly "ours".
:    INTERVIEW # 2              U^AY            APRIL 27, 1952          -^ "PROJECT EYEFUL”
       ————----
                                                                        y •---------------------- —
     NAME; MR. Jeorge 5. Tyler                         -■9:   - ■- East Montgomery St.          BaltO,


     TELEPHONE N'MBER;    BL■-. :■< f.L'-                      AGE:    17


     EMPLOYMENT      Southern Highschool ------- Third Year


     DATE OF OBSERVATION March 29, 1952           PLACE: Ritchie Highway -- Harness Track


     TIME Or OBSERVATION ; 10-45 P.M.             WEATHER-     Clear


    APPROXIMATEJ^NGTHOF^SERVATION ;                a   Minute or so 2


    ^TIMATEDALflTUDE: Maybe a hundred feet or so


    DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:


    (FEIS WAS A TELEPHONE INTERVIEW ------- THE YOUNG MAN WAS REQUIRED TO REMAIN AT

     HOME TO WATCH HIS SISTER.         HF WAS UNABLE TO COME TO STUDIO AS PLANNED EARLIER.)


                     Attention was first attracted while driving north along Ritchie
    highway toward Baltimore.          In company wit). Mr. Lonald Stewart, a friend, a

    slowly-moving object was observed just ahead of the automobile.                         it was

    approximately 10;45 P.M.         The engine in the car seemed to die and car drifted

    to a stop, the driver pulling slightly off the road.                    The object was

    approximately over the-car and had no forward motion.                    It seemed to be tilted

    slightly and was giving off a yellowish-greenish Ugh? which faded and then

    grew intense and then fade again.            The outer edges of this object which seemed

    to be round with a thickness toward the center, seemed to have what Mr. Tyler

described 9s St. Elmos fire.                5® said that he could not say for sure whether
he had observed anything that looked like a port hole.                        He stated he wasn’t

"z* either whether there was another car in the exact location, but there might
|---------------------------------------.        V' -.    ^ ■                 A_
I      ^' ’             . . .
                  •     i               ''• 7:1:7 sot: of where he was.     He IndiCRted that he was
•L Ite " st-^indcd" rt wh-’            v* r -’.      He indict’         1 that he was slightly scared

1 -or fear people wtu2            think he and hl          frier 3 had made up the story just to

^et some publicly, but felt better win. the newspapers had told their that

 other:, had reputed a strange object Ln the shy.                             As a note of Interest, the

: young man ;o,            - h xt sin-- he go-           .cm    -   '   er hate that hatdrday evening

 his parents had confined him to the premise;.                            He wasn’t allowed to go out

I With the bdys         for awhile.          PERbONAL OBSERVATION -------          Mr. Tyler seemed a

ugood deal more conservative than his fr’ -d, hr. Stewart.                           He is on the LaCrosse

Jr-.-am at Southern Highschool.                 lie seemed (at least over the phone) to be fairly

  intelligent.         He stated that Mr.            tawart was in his opinion a great deal more

  excited about it than he was.

                        There were several after-thoughts occuring to him during the

  conversation.         Some of these are as follows;                     The object Then it departed

  increased in altitude             and then sped off with a dazzling speed.... faster than

  anything he had ever —r before.                     He else said h - t its highest altitude was

  s', ill considerably lower than most commercial planes he has seen over his hc-e.

  As it was increasing in height just, prior to leaving he thought he could

  detect a       highly polished surface which resembled a chrome plate.                      As it sped

  away it seemed also V              have a short yellowish-greenish exhaust.                All the time

  it was hovering, he stated the object was wavering slightly.
                         He adu this toward the -.1 of his stop................. I know this doesn’t

  make sense, but .'d swear the engine on that car started up on its own.                               To bln

   ti e car seemed to run all right the rest of the way into Baltimore.                          He admits j

   the car engine stertiuL up has hi:.-; be fl?eg.                      But he said definitely that it

  wasn’t started by his friend.                    Re c. bed.... it doesn't make sense.           In closing

   t^e conversation he uidel e- i                        ,’H    -t t ;: to my story....we saw sor’-Wng

   and you can be sure we didn’t make this up to get pub"’-io ity.
Office Memorandum • united states government
     A, H.                                    DATE:   June 10, 1952
                                                                      Tolson—__
                                                                      Ladd_________
                                                                      Cioffi._______

     WILLIAM ALBERP^RHODES                                            Glavl:;_______
                                                                      Hlchols______
     MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING                           ROST,
                                                                      Tracy________
                                                                      Harbo________
     FLYING DISCS                                                     Belnont______


                                                                              RoOB__


     PURPOSE
                To recommend that Bureau Liaison contact
     OSI to determine whether photographs allegedly taken
     by the captioned individual of a flying disc in 1947
     were .furnished by OSI to the office of Drew Pearson
     BACKGROUND
               Bureau files reflect that on August 29, 1947,
     a Mr, George Fugate, Jr,, called at the Phoenix Office
     exhibiting credentials reflecting he represented A-2,
     Fourth Air Force, Hamilton Field, California, He asked an
     Agent to accompany him to interview William Rhodes who
     previously reported the photographing of a flying disc in
     Phoenix on the afternoon of July 7, 1947,

               The Phoenix Office contacted SAC Harry Kimball of
     the San Francisco Office and Mr, Kimball verified the fact
     that Fugate came to Phoenix as a representative of Colonel
     Donald Springer of Hamilton Field, and it was suggested the
     Phoenix Office assist Fugate not in investigating the matter,!
     but in simply talking with Dr, Rhodes,

               By letter dated September 4, 1947, the Phoenix
     Office set forth in four pages the results of this interview
     and stated Fugate had requested the negatives from Rhodes who
     did not have them in his immediate possession, Rhodes
     stated, however, he would deliver ^ihem to the FBI the following
     morning for transmittal to Fugate at Hamilton Field, California,

               On the morning of August 30, 1947, Rhodes delivered
     the negatives to the Phoenix Office at which time they were
     accepted with the understanding they were being given to Mp,
     Fugate, a representative of the Army Air Force Intelligence,
     United State a Army, and that there was little^ if anlh chance
     of his getting the negatives back, Mr, Rhodes turned the
     negatives over to the FBI with the .full understanding they were
     being given to the Air Force and he would not get them back
                            (62-83394-80, page 4)

     EHM:elw
                                    REC’ D BELMONT


                    7£IW^ ^H

                    "osw’wu^
 .-                            Vv

 30 ”  ‘-teat   .    -
"osm^Non/ u01
             On April 17, 1950, Mr, Rhodes advised the Phoenix
 Office that True Magazine would like to secure the photographs
 which he had made available to Air Force Intelligence, At
 that time Rhocies was referred_to^I, Fourth Air Force Base,
 San Francisco, California! since they had been made available
 to this agency by the Phoenix Office on August 30, 1947,

              By letter dated June 8, 1949, the Phoenix Office
 advised the Bureau that on the previous day Mr, Lynn C,
 Aldrich, OSI representative, Phoenix, Arizona, called the
 Phoenix Office stating he had been requested by his superiors
 in San Francisco to obtain detailed information concerning the
 negatives since Rhodes had requested their return.' Aldrich
 pointed, out that Fugate's recollection on the matter was "hazy,"
 OSI requested and was given with Bureau approval a.memorandum
 setting out essentially the information related above Concern­
 ing this matter,    (62-83894, Serials 80, 184, and 225)
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
               On June 4, 1952, Mr, FrecNJflumenthal, in the office
  of Drew Pearson, called and talked with Special Agent Wibk,
  Blumenthal stated Pearson had been in contact with the captioned
  individual concerning photographs which Rhodes had taken of
  flying discs in the Phoenix area in July of 1947, Blumenthal
  stated the subject told Pearson the FBI borrowed his negatives
  and when he asked for their return the FBI told him the
  negatives were not available, Blumenthal inquired whether there
  was any truth to Rhodes ' statement and what the Bureau knew
k concerning him, It appeared that Pearson was interested in
  using the photographs on his television program and was desirous
  of borrowing them from the Bureau or having them returned to
  the subject,

             Mr, Blumenthal was advised by Wick that the FBI
 did not have in its possession the negatives referred to by Mr,
 Rhodes and in fact Rhodes knew full well the FBI turned them
 over to Air Force Intelligence representatives, Fourth Air Force,
 Hamilton Field, California, on August~30, 1947\_ with the und*r-
 standing he might never have them returned,

             Blumenthal was advised the FBI did not investigate
 this matter, did not investigate Rhodes, and had no interest
 whatsoever in the matter other than to accompany the representative
 from Hamilton Field while interviewing Rhodes, Blumenthal was
 told that for these reasons, of course, we had no information
 concerning the reliability of Rhodes,


                             - 2 -
             Blumenthal was most appreciative for receiving
 this information and, said he would contact the office of Special
 Investigations of the' Air Force for what assistance they might
 be to him. He said also he would straighten out Rhodes, informing
 him the FBI only as a courtesy to the Air Force representatives
 received the negatives from him and irdnsmitfed them.
             It has been reported that Drev^earson, on his
 television program of June 3, 1952, demonstrated photographs
 of flying discs. It is not known whether the photographs displayed
 by Pearson on his television program are those referred to in the
 captioned case.
 RECOMMENDATION

              In order to bring our file in this matter to an
 up-to-date status and to resolve the question raised by the
 subject, it is recommended liaison contact O&I and determine^
 whether the photographs displayed by Pearson on his television
 program of June 3, 1952, are the photographs obtained from the
 subject in-this case. Inasmuch as Blumenthal indicated he
would contact the OSI concerning this matter it is believed
 highly probable that is where the photographs of flying discs
 were obtained 'by Pearson 's office.


                           - 3 -
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO         :     MR. A. H. BELMONT        ^               date:   June 17, 1952
FROM       :     7. P' KEA^p^^
                                                                             Tolson_______
SUBJECT:         WILLIAM ALBERT^RHODES                                       Ladd_________
                                                                             ci«a______
                 MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING                      OUvir._______
                                                                             lacnois
                                                                             Roser.________
                 FLYING DISCS                                                Tracy________


               Reference is made to the memorandum captioned       '“^—
     as above dated June 10, 1952, from Mr. Branigan to Mr. Belmont^TH"
     which requested that OSI be contacted to determine if they    ““-,—
     turned over negative's of photographs of flying discs taken
     by the above-captioned individual to Mr. Fre^Blumenthalffi>
     who works for Drew-Pearson.                               r

               Lieutenant Colonel Leroy Barnard and Lieutenant
     Colonel E. M. Neville of OSI were both contacted and both
     advised that no inquiries had been received by OSI from
     Blumenthal.                                      \\ \ ‘
              The Bureau's Air Force Liaison Representative then
    contacted Colonel C. M. Young of Air Force Intelligence (A-2)
   who likewise advised that no inquiries had been received by
   the Office of the Director of Intelligence from Blumenthal or
   anyone in Pearson's office. It is noted that matters involving
   flying discs are handled by A-2.   Colonel Young advised that
    it was possible that any inquiries made by Drew Pear son * s office
   would be 7nade in the Office of the Public Information Officer
    of the Air Force. However, Colonel Young contacted the
   Public Information Office, and he was advised that no inquiries
  ,had been received from Drew Pearson's office regarding
   flying discs and no photographs or negatives of photographs
    of flyin9 discs had ever been furnished to Drew Pearson's
    office.
                Colonel Young advised that ordinarily when information
     regarding flying discs is received by Air Force representatives
     in the field, the information is referred to the Air Technical
     Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton,
     Ohio, for research and correlation.

     ACTION:
                       None.   The foregoing

                               ^lJUKDLD - 7B
     NWP:hke                      INDEXED -T«

61 JUN 27 Wb.
   REC’D BELMONT

         " justice
Jun 17   II us AM’52


                       SPtO^E
 Eye-witness Herr Linke himself directed the artist to produce this vivid impression of the flying saucer as he saw   They saw the Flying Saucer: Oskar Linke and his
       it in the clearing: beside it stand the two members of the crew, who took off in it shortly after.                        12-year-old step-daughter.


                                                                                      Are ‘Flying Saucers’ a Russian invention?
                                                                                      Western intelligence officers are now trying
                                                                                      to answer this question following sensational
                                                                                      reports by 48-year-old ex-Mayor Oskar Linke,
                                                                                      who escaped from the Soviet zone. Linke has
                                                                                      sworn an oath before a judge that he and
                                                                                      his daughter saw two metal­
                                                                                      clad figures and a ‘50ft saucer
                                                                                      with a 10ft conning tower’ take
                                                                                      off from a forest clearing four
Here is part of the signed, sealed, official deposition which Herr Linke made in
           Berlin, telling the whole story of his fantastic experience.
                                                                                      miles inside the Russian zone.
     Sunday Graphic, July 6, 1952


                                                                                                                       .                                                                                                                  g       Sunday Graphic, July 6, 1952


         THE WORD FOR
         TOFFEE
                                                       MIGHTY MO                                                                                                                                   SHAVING BRUSHES
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              50 YARDS AWAY I SAW TWO MEN
 COPYBOY


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TAKE OFF IN A ‘FLYING SAUCER’
            MAKES
  THE BIG TENNIS
  NEWS OF YEAR
   By HAROLD LAWRENCE
   aureen connolly, the
M   17-year-old San Diego copy­
boy (she fetches reporters' tea                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    From ANTONY TERRY, Berlin, Saturday                                                                                                                                  disappeared, still gaining
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        height over the hills and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Duch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Sat,

and they call her “ boy ”), gave                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        forests towards Stockheim.’         Ddkt
her Californian newspaper its                                                                                                                                                                                                                     RM ED with a sensational affidavit swot         an eye-                                                                                                                                 Several other people in the
biggest story of the year when                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          area later' told Herr Linke
she joined the great few who                                                                                                                                                                                                                  n intelligence officers in West Berlin are to-3ay investigating pne                                                                                                                       they had seen something which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Erw

have won Wimbledon at their                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             they took for a comet. One,
first attempt.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of the most amazing “ Hying saucer ” stories ever Reported.                                                                                                                               a shepherd, Georg Derbst,
   Playing   a  perfectly - timed
tournament and reaching her
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Evidence that a weird contraption—*like a 50ft. warming pan with­                                                                                                                      who was about a mile and a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fortt
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Motl.
peak form when most others are                                                                                                                                                                                                              out a handle, and with a 10ft. conning tower”—took off with a crew of                                                                                                                       half away, said he thought a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        comet, had “ bounced ” on the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Th. -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Garr
too nervous to reproduce their                                                                                                                                                                                                              two from a forest clearing in the Soviet zone is being studied at the                                                                                                                                                           7.30
best, Little Mo defeated three-                        Duchess of Kent presents the men’s doubles cup.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  earth.                              Meet
times winner Louise Brough 7—5,
6—3 in 70 minutes yesterday.                      game. Before we had time to            with outright winners. But with                                                                                                                    highest level. It is hoped to answer the big question: Are “flying                                                                                                                            a sawmill watchman told           Gk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Herr Linke he had seen what
   American champion at 16 and                    congratulate ourselves on our
                                                 foresight. Maureen sent back
                                                                                         Maureen hitting at the lines, it
                                                                                         was only a slight delay before
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            saucers ” a secret new                                                                                                                                                                      he thought was a ‘ low-flying
virtually world champion 11                                                              Louise finally put a low back­                                                                                                                     Russian invention?                                                   I                                                                                                                      comet ” flash away from ' the       Gold*
months later is no fluke, for                    four of Louise's best services with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        7.30
Maureen has been working for                     “ an outright winner ” label            hand into the net.                                                                                                                                   Man who first brought to                                                                                     . Ji                                                                         hill where Herr Linke saw the        Blu
years with this one ambition in                  attached.                                 Maureen had to wipe tears ot                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 object.                             Hayr
mind.                                                                                    Jov from her eyes before she re­                                                                                                                   light this remarkable story                                                                                                                                                                                                     Wed.
                                                    At tliis stage, witli Louise still   ceived the famous trophy from                                                                                                                      (reported briefly in later            ®^                                                                                                                                                                                        Wat;
                                                 full of confidence, it was great,
     Coming back                                 tennis thoroughly worthy of the
                                                                                         the Duchess of Kent, who chatted
                                                                                         with her quite a while on the                                                                                                                      editions of the Sunday                                                                                                                                                                           Hole in ground                 Her
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            7.45
                                                 occasion which strangely enough         court                                                                                                                                              Graphic last week) is grey-             ;                                                                                                                                                   After appearing before the            Tf
  We may as well get used to                     is a rarity at a Wimbledon final.                                                                                                                                                          haired, 48 - year - old ex­                                                                                                                                                                                                     Hipp
Maureen’s successes for she is a
lone youngster stepping into the
                                                    Then the former champion was
                                                 being pulled up for foot-faulting.
                                                                                                So excited                                                                                                                                  Mayor Oskar Linke, of                                                                                            I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     judge, Herr Linke told me:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     would almost have believed
future when her once famous                      Her sureness began to waver and            ” I was so excited that I can’t
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Glei m e r s h a u s e n, near                                                                                                                                                           that my daughter and I had             Nev.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Thu.
compatriots are past their best.
  “ Ritra   T’m    hnTninrr      honlr   Into
                                                 for the first time we all knew—
                                                 and I think she did—that a suc­         remember what the Duchess said                                                                                                                     Meiningen. He had escaped             -1. - . "                                                                  I        Airborne, the strange craft whirls off at terrific speed,      dreamed    the whole episode
and lots of times,” she said. “ I                cessful come-back, the toughest         I wish I could.       She was so                                                                                                                   from the Russian zone with                                                                                       I        soon to be out of sight. As it left the ground the central     were it not for one thing:             Old
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Sat.
think Wimbledon is wonderful.”                   thing in sport, was not to be           sweet.” Maureen told me.                                                                                                                           his wife and six children.                                                                                                                                                                  “ When the thing had gone,
   It lias not been an easy debut                                                          Neither the women’s nor the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     tower rose again.                                                                Genu
                                                 hers.                                   men’s doubles titles changed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I went to the place where it           Fala
for the young American. Two                         Louise         two-love       the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    roughly a foot and a half from truding from the bottom and had been standing, I found a
                                                                                         hands for both Doris Hart and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Wed
days before Wimbledon began she
was forced to scratch from a
                                                 second set but it did not blind
                                                 us from the Inevitable for she          Shirley Fry. and Ken McGregor
                                                                                         and Frank Sedgman were too
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Men in metal                                                                                                 the next.                        standing on the ground.          circular depression, evidently        8.20

London championship final with                   was now having to battle-against                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      “ Out of the metallic object     “ The warming pan, with freshly made,, where the earth              Palk
flbrositis. In spite of the pleas                two opponents—herself as well as        strong for their opponents.
                                                                                           The outstanding player of 1952
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I can now reveal that in                                                                                              rose a black cylindrical con- its glowing outside ring of had been driven down.                         8.45
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pete1
of her coach to scratch from
Wimbledon. Maureen carried on.
                                                 little Miss Confidence.
                                                                burnt - out firework     and one of the finest winners                                                                                                                      the company of West Berlin                                                                                              ning tower,’ about          feet flame, was now some feet off       “ This was exactly the shape           &
                                                    Like                                 since the war is Frank Sedgman,                                                                                                                    officials, Herr Linke, with            The Saucer begins to take off: the outer disk whirls                             high.’’                                                          of the ‘conning tower’; 1 real­        Pioct
   Most of us expected Louise to                 which throws out that last burst                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the earth.                                                             6.0.
at least win the first set and we                of the old sparkle. Louise saved        who followed his Friday singles
                                                                                         success bv taking the triple
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            his 11 - year - old step­              faster and faster, rising up the centre “ conning-tower,”                           Linke went on. 1 was now         “ Then I noticed that the ised then that I had not been
were encouraged when she broke                   three match points In the eighth        crown back to Australia for the                                                                                                                    daughter Gabriele, last                               which remains stationary.                                         alarmed by a call from my whole object was rising slowly dreaming.’'                                    Priit
 Maureen’s service in the fifth                  game of the second set, mostly          first time in history. Results:                                                                                                                    week swore this solemn and                                                                                              daughter, who had remained from the earth. The cylinder            He continued;      'I never            6..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pari,.
                                                                                           Women’s Singles—Final: Miss M Con­
                                                                                         nolly bt Miss L Brough 7-5. 6-3.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            formal affidavit before a             machine toward Hassel-                      the ’ deer ‘ cautiously. 1            some distance back. The sound on which it had rested had naw heard the expression ’ flying              Sadi
                                                                                           Men’s Doubles — Final: K McGregor                                                                                                                judge:—                               bach, Gabriele pointed to                   was now about 60 yards                must have reached the two disappeared inside the centre saucer ’ until I escaped to                     Seas
                                                                                         and F A Sedgman. holders, bt V Seixas
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              “ I was riding home on my           something about 150 yards                   from                                  figures, for they rushed back and reappeared again through West Berlin from the Soviet                  St. .15
                                                                                         and E W Sturgess 6-3. 7-5. 6-4.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            to the object, clambered rapidly the top.                                                               5.30
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            motor-cycle, with Gabriele            away. At first sight, in the                                                                                                                       zone.                                  2.30.
                                                                                            Women's Doubles—F’.nal: Migs S Fry
                                                                                         and Miss D Hart, holders, br Miss T.                                                                                                                                                                                                        then realised that my           up the side, of the ‘ conning      “ The rate of ascent now be­    “ When 1 saw the thing first,
                                                                                         Brough and Miss M Connolly 8-6, 6-3.                                                                                                               mi the pillion, when a tyre           half light, I took it for a                 first. impression had been            tower.’ and disappeared inside. came much greater, and at the I thought it was a new Russian
                                                                                            Mixed Doubles—Semi-final: E Morea                                                                                                                    linear the village of            young deer.                                 incorrect. The thing I had                                             same time my daughter and I war machine.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       vnicn Twin has the Toni                                                rirt*-/J   «T.a.o   togIIv    Own                                      heard a whistling sound, rather    “I was terrified tor “•-’­
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Soviets do not a^ one as*
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       and which has the EXPENSIVE PERM                                          “ They appeared to
                                                                                                                                                              WINNING SMILE from Maureen Connolly and “Well                                                                                                                   clothed in    a kind                  limn fli
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    lamp            “IS and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               E °5 on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           flashed      Chest.oftThe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ar   cental position, swerved a wav                                       Stra?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              shimmerin;                                                               towards a nearby villlg/S        much$eltn^ f0r kn°wmg too          2.30
                                                                                                                                                              done! ” from Louise Brough. America’s Little Mo had
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              stance, and wmetallic sub-            regular intervals             at                                                                       ' Ant
                                                                                                                                                              just beaten Louise 7-    ■3 to win the women’s singles.                                                                                                                       ?re bending             ■wJmVX inSwhi°ci H                                                                                     Stm
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              down and studying'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Hung on the ground. some-             glow. We‘e SUnk now sorted6 to     • FOOTNOTE FROM VICKERS CHIEF DESIGNER
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    greet11®
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Ur      fet seemed M, f^to 's^about^^^                        tor Vickers Aircraft,   Vaud
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fri.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 a warming pan’                                                                                                             & 8.


                                                                                                                                                                 PHOSFERINE                                                                                                                                                                                      then changed to red inStheV^n ttyi^d saucers? / don't know ^ucer              !ast night:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ^5.55® same time I heard a                                                                         Wesl
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             withinW°aboudt 3oy f^t of   ?hS 5  ht?1.-  A s  the glow  and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 the ' con-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        in5 thf^er । was retracting                                                                         Whit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        into the centre of the ‘ warm        &nP'11“                       “Sf?',’!’ “ '‘^ Smar- 2.30
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ofc, ki^^                   rvS>^n'' an^ the whole object bett?f f^an a conventional aircraft? at         “    lCer do that is   Relt
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        lose slowly from the ground                                                                        ^Viiei
                                                                                                                                                                               If you are feeling nervy and des.                                                                                                            about 40 to 50 feet acr^                                        machine iTdesigned c^nTfrt071    accurate it may be that the   Th.    •
                                                                                                                                                                               pondent take PHOSFERINE.                                                                                                                                                      i “T the swirling effect       from his comment on i s              ^lcme- ^ ^ould appear 8.15.
                                                                                                                                                                               Tired nerves lead to an upset                                                                                                                                                ^'fmg ‘ exhaust,’ I got the                                      ^at X Scuses a fet jSt
                                                                                                                                                                               digestion, loss of appetite and a                                                                                                            exactly. it looked like- a impression that the whole designed to proviL ver ^
                                                                                                                                                                               feeling of exhaustion, signs                                                                                                                 huge oval warming pan      object was spinning like a top obviously have to retract into
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            resistance.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                a T-h? ' cUliudet ’ would
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                act into the body’ in order to tirevent Acacfe
                                                                                                                                                                               that you need PHOSrERINE.                                                                                                                       ^^ere were two                 seemed to be resting                                                                         dados
                                                                                                                                                              ’"HdsFERi                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Could be n
                                                                                                                                                              . (IWUB>)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            «m«f.sas!ya had                                 J^ece wTiich protect^ciotldng fmmlsTinhltm^^                                of only.'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Carr
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   through the centre
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of the object and was now pro- .impossible about tile st^y alth^                 There     nothing 4.3(.i,
                                                                                                                                                                                    for SLEEPLESSNESS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Cheri
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Carlo
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Perfs.
                                                                                                                                                                                   If you’ve been sleeping badly you’ll find that                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Domi
 Australia’s Ken McGregor     (left)  covers    Frank                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
 Sedgman The world’s greatest doubles pair easily won
                  another title.
                                                                                                                                                                                   as PHOSFERINE restores your appetite and
                                                                                                                                                                                   strengthens your nerves you will begin to
                                                                                                                                                                                   enjoy peaceful, natural, night-long rest.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              More women choose Toni than                                                      I Hat snowman again                                                      1 QUICK look AT THE HEWS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Nelh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Empi,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ivan!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          E He StX' S«“„"|                        gj.-""’™"'1                                                                                           Gaum
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            all other home perms combined!                                                                                                               Brother
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Un tar


                                         RUPTURED                                                                                                                                     1 f0
                                                                                                                                                                                       I Uw"
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Available in Liquid or
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Tablet form
                                                                                                                                                                                                        io drops equal 2 Tablets.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             were found, around IS,500ft. DOMINATION 'papers harp
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             “P. by the Swiss expedition   East hv^Por in tthe Dundee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             e ■     me B.B.C. s “ The \I Government
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Minister. sata am, new
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          would be forced
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        WU Hm ^‘’a-mme’. Ernest I to continue his oil policy^
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Tech.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Leic.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Scarh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Lon.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     To-d
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Hairstyles by a famous coiffeur            which got to within 900ft. of
                                                but unworried!                           WINNER’S ACTION—Little Mo (left) all out for a                                                                                                                 Because they’’ve proved a Toni                                       Mount Everest’s summit.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Parlwm^?^ lor ^e Worla
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              5as. remanded on bail ONLY ONE of the Quadruplets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Edward^ Iarty candidate,\ at Tewkesbury.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Thie


                                     Have you ever considered how wonder­                return.     LOSER’S REACTION -Louise Brough all in                               THE GREATEST OF AU TONICS                                                     looks perfect from the         perm                               I ^™1J^-Dunant- leader of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Eawaid Graham MacFarlane BiSteLE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           The party has 42 memhels                 Presentation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   was
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          born to Mrs. Eileen Bennett               Marbt
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Untar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Tech.
                                                                                           after thg match. Mo and the heat were too much.                                                                                                                                                                               I ^«5edjlon' sa’d in New Delhi ARnma^UKER’ ‘mmber one         made      yesterday       Garry      was                 Wallasey,
                                     ful it must be to have your Rupture                                                                                                                                                                                                        first day                                                                                              Garrad, of Ilford. ,winner   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    e ,last nW-      The            New .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    of Be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I about aD? ‘hat the Pri«ts~                                                                     child, a girl of nb. uoz i5 ™
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       a Sunday Graphic                                                               Doo?
                                     safely held, in absolute comfort . . .                                                                                                                                                                            Because they’ve proved a Toni perm                                I lOUn i±e °£ them-were                                       hon at the State? competi-         an oxygen tent.          ”
                                     and free from that constant awareness                                                       MUM                                                 End-of-the-paper smile                                            stays perfect for months and months
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I with „3nS an? 61in’ brM^
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           “om ‘her ™£een dismissed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     post as Foreign   Barkingside          ‘ Cinema, BOY of 15, Bob Fletcher, yester
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Odeon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Impor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Earne
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        f              marks. No living    Minister—Bucharest radio. “   1^(hSS^DE^’ teUins Persia       dav swam
 This, the famous                    of being ruptured ?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                J animal was encountered.       8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Windermere          ■mile Lake           Odeon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Dipion
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        \A<Clc?ctonDthIra Tldbank off ACCUSED of Having assaulted!        ah^Sadca^ yesterday that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         nine  minutes over the record
                                                                                                                                                                                                             shop                                                                                                                                                                        Jtadresigned as Prime
 BROOKS APPLIANCE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ^ rigfU^ haS the T^^her
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       mter Lila has the expensive perm   .                             I steamZ theEond°n pleasure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         He fives in Rotherham, Yo?kl

 The Brooks Rupture                                     can do for YOU!                                                                                                               'rSPACE
 Appliance is not a gadget,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |     SfA^                      >»«
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Whole Head Refill                                                                                  25*                                                                                                  Ritz.
 but an appliance scientif­                     Send for full details                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Vadis
 ically evolved during 40                                                                                                                                                                                 'suits.                   If y©u have                                                                                                                                                                                                                       To
 years’ experience; no                                                                                                                                                               forbok.                                                        ’ cur,ers„buy the Whole HmH                                     rK1^5^ yWhich coab 48                                                                                                                          Studu
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ^^/i                                                                                                        ■ lives at Zvnckav in East
 other with as good fea­
 tures. It has the wide            POST.TODAY                                                                                                                                                                                       c -           ’ ^^ ^Ul Kit with Midget
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Spin Carters - 91.. End Cur| Refi|| _ ^                                           totW^has halted in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Guam

 approval of doctors, and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             mSgr" S’ g %£
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bronzt
 is always made to individ­          BROOKS APPLIANCE COMPANY LTD.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Franci
 ual     requirements.               London : BO Chancery Lane, W.C.2.               I                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    p™££"f^^                                                                                                                                Warner
 Complete satisfaction               Manchester : Hilton Chambers, Stevenson Square |                                                                                                                                                                                                                               :     human health.”
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  In My
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Progs.
 guaranteed.                         Liverpool : 66 Rodney Street.                  ।
                                     Name                                            I                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  BGHKPa » nChichester, Dr.
 Appliances supplied under the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         wit?’™ Pel1' was Presented
      NATIONAL
    HEALTH SERVICE
                                     Address.
                                                                              9JOA
                                                                                                                                       Printed and Published bv KEMSLEY NEWSPAPERS. Ltd.. Kemsley House. London. W C.l
                                                                                                                                                        (’Phone: Terminus 1234.1 SUNDAY JULY 6. 1952
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Home Perm                                                           card bv thh wo5ary member’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         PublicyFmnif'atlOllal Urien of      ®S6^
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         r uoiic Employees at Uckfieldl                                                                                                            3.B'
                                 JOHN ROBERTSON’S CRICKET ROUND-UP
'HEAT RES
^sadors. EVwL
   Tu. & F. 2.30
    My Fashfon.
 10. Twice Ni.ly.
30 and 9.0.
Excitement'
turn.    Mn-Fr.
. W. 2.3Q. Sat.
                          TWIN DAY FOR
                          PVEN the gasometers winked
                               broadly and the bars buzzed


                               BEDSERS
  & 8.30. Call
4* Madam.                 with hilarious bowler-hatted
11 card* n,              gentlemen of South London as
    7. Mat. Sat.          the mighty Yorkshire crashed
    Sadler’s Wells        with an unholy crash at the
     Ballet.
 rion. 7.30. TU.
                          Oval.
   2.30.      Th*           Latecomers could not believe
 ng Elizabeth.           that the cocky, so-often omni­
r Lane. 7.15.            potent Yorkshire could be out determination needs only such a captain’s left-hand deliveries all
      Sat.. 2.30.
  iiih Pacific.          for a meagre 137, and among stimulus.                                       over the place.
 ess. 7.30. Th.,         the      early    slain.  England’s    In a memorable day lor Surrey           Griffiths and an unusually
      2.30.   The        captain, Len Huttom                 the captain, Stuart Sunidge. restrained                 Trevor Bailey naa a
 ep Blue $ea,
                            The crowd of Test match pro­ deserves a meed of praise.                  prolific stand and both men were
                                                                                                 He out
• of York’s.7.30          portions — over 25,000 people took three cheap wickets and the had in                 the eighties. Ray Smith
   30. 8.30. Th.
J. The Trap.              crammed into the ground—were       slip    catch  by  which  he dismissed         previously  hit a half-century
                          happy with the sunshine, the Halliday was a ” gem of purest and                  Dicky Dodds, 75 before lunch,
 ms    Hail     Eva.                                                              He held it one- showed that he is the most fear­
     Zd      st. 5-       thirst It engendered, and Surrey’s ray serene/’                            less opener in the game—some­
 inch in the              magnificent bowling achieve­ handed and very low down.                     what reminiscent of George
     Rockies.             ment.                                                                      Gunn.       Our Dicky’s first scoring
in*. Murder in              The toast over the tinkling                 Catch    disallowed          stroke    was  a six.
 ■y. Evs. 7.30.           glasses was the Bedser twins, who
 fc $. 6 & 8,30.
                          had celebrated their 34th birth­                                              Dozens    of  people drowsed on
iCk, Mon.-Fri.                                                  Yorkshire left-handers, slow- the grass near George Parr’s tree
. Sfit., 5 A. 8.
                          day the previous day.              bowler Wardle, and tall Wilson, as Indian batsman Roy plodded
   Mr. Callaghan.                                            saved the side from dire disgrace his weary way from noon till the Frank Lowson, Yorkshire’s opening ba
        Comm. July                Test-match style           though Wilson, who scored 50 end of a weary day.                                for a big sweep to leg here—the result
a. Tile Glob*
      Revue.                 Brother Alec, In his fiercest, exactly,
                                                             when seven.
                                                                         was lUCky not to be out        Roy batted all day for 142 and
                                                                                                     took over five hours jor his cen­
                          most magnificent Test match


                                                                                                                                                                                              Oxford slow i
tra         C r * e n»
    Th., Sat.2.30.
                                                                Constable made a wonderful tury
                         style, took hie Yorkshire wickets attempt
 * for a Boy.             fur just over ten runs apiece,                  to catch him with his
 larker.        7.15.    a ml the equally massive Eric. hand          on the ground. Wilson was                 Page to rescue
 , Sat.. 2.30.            Who has come into his own us an walking to the pavilion until                 When     the Kent bowling looked
  rs of the Moan.         opening batsman, scored 67 and recalled            The umpire had dis­ like being          severely mauled at
 Majesty'*. Evs.          is still there to worry tile York­ allowed     the  catch.                 Coventry young Page brought
     Wd. St. 2.30.
  r Innocents
                          shire attack 1. tomorrow.             Was      Denis   Compton  ’s  hand ­ about a Warwick collapse and the          By ROLAND ALLEN                   for the loss o
                            Surrey—134 for three at the some face Hushed and hot under champions were out for 304 alter I was the spin of Robin took J. E. B
 •drome. Evg®.*
                         close—could not. In their wildest the sunburn at Colchester as having been 231 for three. Page                                                          hours to gat
  -0 and 8.45.
  1 Your Life.           dreams have believed that they Essex ran to 402 tor 8— and then played only twice for Kent last                       Marlar. bowling his accurate runs.
                          would be only three runs behind declared—after he had put them season but is obviously an on breaks up the hill in the Oxford
                                                                                                                                                                                          I
                                                                                                                                                                                    Colin Co
       7.30.     Tu,,                                                                                                                                                                       bats
    . 2.30,       The     Yorkshire on the first innings in hi?                                      acquisition.                          1‘nheisU.y match at Lord’s yes-
   IHionan ^5.            the first day of a match. And the     it was the biggest cricketing           That solid opener and elegant terdny, which worried Oxford’s know,               has a w
Vie. 7. Thurs..          Oval wicket though It needed gaffe of the season for th6 piton wicket-keeper. R. T. Spooner, had better batsmen much more than only occasion
      aO, The Two         watching, was never anything was never anything but docile. given Warwick a great start by the high speed of rhe two Cam­ us                               In a dour
 CmSD o£ Verona
                          remotely wicked-                   Young amateur Colin Griffiths scoring a century. Godfrey Evans, bridge Test l> 0 w I « r S, Cuail took                     him 175
  t. ifvfis. 7.30.          Yorkshire have a Job on to rubbed salt into the Compton promoted in the batting order, McCarthy and John Warr.                                         He was in
      Bat.. 5.0 &        save tins match but Yorkshire wounds by clouting the Middlesex gave Kent some confidence.                            Oxford baited all day for 233 fore       he got h
      Zip Gots A                                                                                                                                                                 He struck s
     Minion,
 (Num. 6,.15 &
                                                                                                                                                                                 them cover
     Weds., 2.40.            oke than the world’s best                                                                                     among the ”25 to 1 others”? It the cricket
       Lind Hayes
  Mary Healy.            M    athletes will he tested in the
                             l!m Olympiad, due to start at
                                                                                                                                           Shouldn’t.      The Hon. Michael
                                                                                                                                           Scott was 55 when he won the from Bush,
                                                                                                                                                                                    We also r
 tHlly, 7.30, St         Helsinki on July 19. The Games                                                                                    amateur title.                        matter or wo
 a.So w. a.30.           themselves will he on trial.                                                                                                                            these two g
\e Gay Dog,                                                                                                                                   Saracen could be a tough fair            share o
 e       of   WaHf.
                            We British, who have so loyally                                                                                proposition at 50. il’s 20 years in a partners
L5 and 8 50
                         believed in and tried to live up                                                                                  since he won the championship ing rate thro
     to Piccadilly.      to the ideals which inspired the                                                                                  and he modestly claims he hasn’t 30 an hour.
  r’» Wells.Opera.       Games will know if we have seen                                                                                   come over to win but to “ meet
  n. Ev#s., 7.0.         right in our faith. Or if we have                                                                                 some old pals and show the
                         been sentimental fools,             restored the Olympic Ideal to Ite the world will be focused on youngsters how.” At 25 to 1 Gene
jniM’s. 7.30 8.
  and 8.30. W..             This Olympiad will probably pedestal. Remember, we were them closer than ever before.                          seems a nice bet for “ showing
                                                                                                                                                                                    Dead-ba
  winter Journey         resolve itself into a titanic duel even harder up then than we are             Be frank about It. There can how ”          to      more     than   the     it did no
rfartin's, 7.30          between America and Russia. No now.                                         be sharp practice, unfair tactics youngsters.                               that for near
  .30. Sat. f.3o         need to go Im to what those two        We struggled through some*                  bad sportsmanship even in                                            it dropped a*
  J. Penny Pl a in
 8t 2 w-Ks.
                         great nations think of each other how. Our arrangements may not and         the Olympics. A bump or a                                                   an hour,
                         in the world of politics.                    been as good or luxurious nudge can mean the loss of a                                                       Beyond the
        Evas. 7.30.
                            Will this inremMionai political have                                                                              PORTS FRONT FLASHES: Bob had
 n.tiurivc Valuta
•d, 7.30. Th..
                                                             na     the   Berbn    or Los
                         rivalry be carried into the sport­ Olympiads. But we showed the
                         ing arena and justify the cynics world the real spirit of the
                                                                                             Angeles title.                                      Maitland (Birmingham) not from to
                                                                                                        WUl good sportsmanship still picked for Helsinki, beat all attack was
                                                                                                                                                                                          Sduck
                                                                                                                                                                                        Warr,   t
  Bat. 5. 8.15.          who allege nationalism la ram- Games. And the world went shine forth at Helsinki among Britain's                              Olympic riders in much more.
   SO To Bed.            oant in the Olympic Games?                                                  athletes who detest each other’s London-Leamington road cycle                  The Camb
  ham HilL7.30
                                                             awav happier than before                political creeds? The British say race . . . he rode 34 miles In 3hr. better than
                                                                                                     it can and should                     26min. 24sec. . . selectors having sometimes th
    Sat.. 2.30.
 Ing But The
   Truth.
                                   Nazi vulgarity                                                                                          second thoughts?                      impossible t
evljit.    Mon.*
  .30. 8at.5 45          O   LYMPIC prestige slumped             ittle
                               when the 1W? Gamc& were magnificent          L
                                                                             nnUnd.     with   only
                                                                    Ouo.Q'JO people, bus put up u                                   Age lengthens odds
                                                                                                                                              Wolves made £10.609 profit that the b
                                                                                                                                           last season. .£”21.993 season before admittedly
                          held in Berlin. This Olympiad of                    show In the staging        HEY lire tillering ^3 to 1 . . _ fans will still pay more next worthy of so
 SO, Wed 2.45.
 •et Madness,
 ninstcr. 7.30.
                         wa« used hr Germany to boost
                         their particular political creed id good
                                                                  t he Games The Finns will be
                                                                       hosts. There will be no                                 T
                                                                                                          against little <;mr Sarazen time.
                                                                                                         wfouing the Open golf cham­ American                Private
                                                                                                                                                                                 so much neg
                                                                                                                                                                        Stanley even dead-ba
   « 8,15. Th.           that era.                           repetition of Berlin.                   pionship, which begins at Koval Dudas, here               from Germany,        Towards t
   Dini ‘W lor              Of course the staging and           it’s down on the track where Lytham and St. Anne's to* misses open golf championship Blake                               and W
  Mu rdtr.
                         organisation was spectacular and the Olympic Ideal will be upheld morrow. Gene is 50. Age 11 ti­ because R. and A. never received their                        bats fre
 hall. 7.0. Th.
                         efficient. But the whole boastful —or trailed in the dust of doubOdty has hiiluenced the his entry . . . tough luck, espec­ pened                       profitable pro
  Sat,, 5.15. 8.’
                         affair was vulgar and turned national and political aspira­                 odds    offered  against him.         ially as  Antonio     Cerda  (Argen ­         later th
 ctant Heroes,                                                                                                                                                                   reckoned    it s
 ham's.     7.15.        British stomachs.                   tions, The Americans and the               Does topping the half century tine) was admitted although his
 .30. Sat. 5 &              The 1948 Games at Wembley Russians should know the eyes of necessarily put                         goner out entrv was late.
    The Love of
ir Colonels.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                GI
 INEMAS
:my. Los OM*
    <x). Adult*
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   GILLINGHA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      their fif
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Harold Ki
  30,6.50.8.37                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     hall from Hu
  -POly,   Fron*
        Caroline
                                 Surrey v Yorkshire                                  Essex v Middlesex                                 Sussex v Glamorgan                                       Leicester v Hampshire                                Other socce
? x. Adults only                                                                                                                                                                            At: Leicester:                                         Driver. Ipswi
                            At the Oval.                                      At Colchester;                                     At Hovo.                                                                                                          forward,   LO
41. Carrie (A).                   Yorkshire—First innings                             Essex- Fi rut InxUftgS                           GhmwrgiHi —First Innings                                   Hhntwhlre—First Innings
  4,30 & 7.10.           L Hut i<m b A Bedser .....................    8      C Dodds c and b D Compton                   75   E Davits b James ..............................       17   N H       Rogers lbw b Palmer ,.................         Coupland. B
                                                                                                                           4     Clift  b Wend ......... .........................    7   J R       Gray b Spencer . ........... .             6   back, to Carli
 non. Walt 'til          F A Lowson lbw b Laker ..........             8    E A Stanley ret. hurl .....................        P
                         J V Wilson c McIntyre b A Bedser             50    P A Gibb run out .................            39   G Parkhous* lbw b James ................              22   A D Inckby-McKenzle b Palmer ... 48                        Another ea
  Sun    Shinai                                                                                                                                                                       O   L Harrison   b   Palnirr ..........................  0
 « (u). Tech,            .. Halliday v Surridge b Lock .,
                         H                                            12    R Hgrsiali c Brown b Young .....              11
                                                                                                                          14
                                                                                                                               B Hedy'S e Ou km an b James ....,
                                                                                                                               A Watkins b Cornford ....................             64     W H Rayment c Walsh b Spencer                      5     ctlc in S
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   castle
                         w Watson c McIntyre b Surridgc                     D J J mole b Young ...................                                                                                                                             0   beat Eastern
 a. From 4.30.           N W D Yardley C McIntyre b Surridge           ft   T E Bailey c Rubcrtson b Young                82   W Jones c Suttle b Oakes . ..............             45   E D R Eagar h Palmer ......................
 or. Tech. up.                                                              R Smith lbw b Bennett ............            50   W Woolier c Webb b Wood ..........                     3   D Shackleton b spencer .......................      13     John   Wa
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


                                           UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

                  Mr. Tolson                             DATE:     June 4   1952

FROM              L. B. Nichols
                                                                               Nichola.
                                                                               Behnont.
SUBJECT:          WILLIAM ALBERWRHODES                                         Cl«gK
                  INFORMA TI ON ■'CONCERNING                                   OUvln_

                   LYING PICKS—                                                Harbo
                                                                               Rosen
                  BUREAU FILE 62-83894, Serials 80, 184, and 225
                  During my absence at^l:50 A.M. today, Fre^-MIumen-
       thal, in theo    rec of Brew^earson, called and talked with
       wfck. Blijm^nthal stated J^arson has beer! in contact^with
       Dr. W. A.J^hpdes (Phoenix telephone number 5-0048)
       photo'gr^phs which the above captioned took of flying
       the Phoenix area in July of 1947.
                 Blumenthal states that Dr, Rhodes told Pearson
       that the FBI borj?.Q^&Ju^^             t]ie!fl]J%ng_£j^
       asked for their return the FBI told Rhodes the negatives were not


                  Blumenthal asked, whether there, is anu truth to this
       sto.tement of Rhodes and what the FBI KnewaJibout him..

                 It appears that Pearson is interested in using the
       photographs on his television program and is desirous of borrowing
       them from the Bureau or having them returned to Dr. Rhodes.

       ZACKG-ROUND:
                 Bureau files reflect that on August 29, 194?, a Mr.
       George Fugate, Jr., called at the Phoenix Office exhibiting
       credentials reflecting he represented A-2, Fourth Air Force,
       Hamilton Field, California. He asked an Agent to accompany
       him to interview William!'Rhodes who previously reported the
       photographing of a flying disc in Phoenix on the afternoon of
       July 7, 1947.

                 The Phoenix Office contacted SAC Harry Kimball of the
       San Francisco Office and Mr. Kimball verified the fact that Fugate
       came to Phoenix as a representative of)Colonel Donald Springer of
       Hamilton Field, and it was suggested^he Phoenix Office assist
       Fugate not in investigating ^EfS^I- but in simply talking with
       Dr. Rhodes.                RFCDPnm ' Z ) _ ^ ^/^ ' J J  A
                 By letter dated September 4, 1947, the Phoenix Office
       set forth in four pages the results of this interview and stated
       Fugate had requested the negatives from Rhodes who did not have
       them in his immediate possession. Rhodes stated, however, he
       would deliver them to the FBI the following morning for t
       mittaf to Fugate at Hamilto'n Field, C< lifornia.


       cc - Mr. Belmont
       REW:md
Memorandum to Mr, Tolson                         June 4, 1952


          On the morning of August 30, 1947, Rhodes delivered the
negatives to the Phoenix Office at which tim? tHey~ were accepVe’d"
with the understanding they were Yexng given to Mr, Fugate, a
representative of the Army Air Force__InftelTigence, Un itedTStates
Army, and that there j^ls little, if any, chance''of. his getting the
negatives back, Mr. Rhodes turned the negatives over to the_FB1
with the full understending they were being given to the Air Force
and he would not get-them back-. T62-33394-80, page’ll

          On April 17, 1950, Mr. Rhodes advised the Phoenix Office
that True Magazine would like to secure the photographs which he
had made available to Air Force Intelligence, At that time Rhodes
was referred to OSI, Fourth Air Force Base, San Francisco, Cali­
fornia, since they had been made available to this agency by the
Phoenix Office on August 30, 1947,

          By letter dated June 8, 1949, the Phoenix Office advised
the Bureau that on the previous date Mr. Lynn C. Aldrich, OSI
representative, Phoenix, Arizona, called the Phoenix Office stating
he had been requested by his superiors in San Francisco to obtain
detailed information concerning the negatives since Rhodes had reque
their return, Aldrich pointed out that Fugate's recollection on the
matter was "hazy." OSI requested and was given with Bureau approval
a memorandum setting out essentially the information related above
concerning this matter,
ACTION TAKEN:                                       Q:

          Mr, Blumenthal was advised by Wick that the FBI did not
have in its ppossession~~^7ie~ negatives referred tocpljy l(r^.Rhodes and
In^faHt~Rhodes knew full well the FBI turned them over to Air Force ]
Intelligence representatives, Fourth Air Force, Hamilton Field,           /
California, on August 30, 1947, with the understanding he might
never have them returned.

           Blumenthal was advised the FBI did not investigate this
matter, did not investigate Rhodes, end had no interest whatsoever
in the matter other than to accompany the representative from
Hamilton Field while interviewing Rhodes. Blumenthal was told
that for these reasons, gf course, we had no information concerning
the reliability of Rhodes,

           Blumenthal was mgst,^               for receiving this inf or
mation and said he would contact i athe - off ice of Special Investi “
gations of the Air Force for what assistance they might be to him,
He ^ aid "triwv 'tie q)VUld''tt^      Rhodes,, informing him the FBI
d~hTy as a courtesy to the Air Force representatives received the
negatives from him ana transmitted them


                               - 2 -
                                                     This image contains all the
                                                   information on the document.


    Mr. Tolson                                        June 4, 1952

    L. B. Nichols
     WILLIAM ALBERT RHODES
     INFORMATION CONCERNING
     FLYING DISCS
     BUREAU FILE 62-83894, Serials 80, 184, and 225

          During my absence at 11:50 A.M. today, Fred Blumen­
thal, in the office of Drew Pearson, called and talked with
Wick. Blumenthal stated ^earson hos been in contact with
Dr. W. A. Rhodes (Phoenix telephone number 5-0048) coneerning
photographs which the above captioned took of flying discs in
the Phoenix area in July of 1947.
           Blumenthal states that Dr. Rhodes told Pearson today
that the FBI borrowed his negatives of the flying discs and when
asked for their return the FBI told Rhodes the negatives were not
available.
          Blumenthal asked whether there is any truth to this
statement of Rhodes and what the FBI knew about him.
          It appears that Pearson is interested in using the
photographs on his televi sion program and is desirous of borrowing
them from the Bureau or having them returned to Dr. Rhodes.

BACKGROUND:
          Bureau files reflect that on August 29, 1947, a Mr.
George Fugate, Jr., called at the Phoenix Office exhibiting
credentials reflecting he represented A-2, Fourth Air Force,
Hamilton Field, California. He asked an Agent to accompany
him to interview Millian Rhodes who previously reported the
photographing of a flying disc In Phoenix on the afternoon of
July 7, 1947.

          The Phoenix Office contacted SAC Harry Kimball of the
San Francisco Office and Mr. Kimball verified the fact that Fugate
came to Phoenix as a representetive of Colonel Donald Springer of
Hamilton Field, and it was suggested the Phoenix Office assist
Fugate not in investigating the matter, but in simply talking with
Dr. Rhodes.

          By letter dated September 4, 1947, the Phoenix Office
set forth in four pages the results of this interview and stated
Fugate had requested the negatives from Rhodes who did not have
k>e$ in his immediate po. session. Rhodes stated, however, he
      deliver them to the FBI the following morning for trans-
       to Fugate at Hamilton Field, Ci lifornia.
         Ladd
         Belmont
Memorandum to Mr, Tolson                       «une 4, 1952


          On the morning of August 30, 1947, Rhodes delivered the
negatives to the Phoenix Office at which time they were accepted
with the understanding they were being given to Mr, Fugate, a
representative of the Army Air Force Intelligence, United States
Army, and that there was little, if any, chance of his getting the
negatives back, Mr, Rhodes turned the negatives over to the FBI
with the full understanding they were being given to the Air Force
and he would not get them back, (62-83394-80, page 4)

          On April 17, 1950, Mr, Rhodes advised the Phoenix Office
that True Magazine would like to secure the photographs which he
had made available to Air Force Intelligence, At that time Rhodes
was referred to OSI, Fourth Air Force Base, San Franeisco, Cali­
fornia, since they had been made available to this agency by the
Phoenix Office on August 30, 1947,
          By letter dated June 8, 1949, the Phoenix Office advised
the Bureau that on the previous date Mr, Lynn C, Aldrich, OSI
representative, Phoenix, Arizona, called the Phoenix Office stating
he had been requested by his superiors in San Froncisco to obtain
detailed information concerning the negatives since Rhodes had requested
their return, Aldrich pointed out that Fugate's recollection on the
matter was "hazy," OSI requested and was given with Bureau approval
a memorandum setting out essentially the information related above
concerning this matter,
ACTION TAKERS

          Mr, Blumenthal was advised by Wick that the FBI did not
have in its possession the negatives referred to by Mr, Rhodes and
in fact Rhodes knew full well the FBI turned them over to Air Force
Intelligence representatives, Fourth Air Force, Hamilton Field,
California, on August 30, 1947, with the understanding he might
never have them returned,

          Blumenthal was advised the FBI did not investigate this
matter, did not investigate Rhodes, and had no interest whatsoever
in the matter other than to accompany the re ore sentative from
Hamilton Field while interviewing Rhodes, Blumenthal was told
that for these reasons, of course, we had no information concerning
the reliability of Rhodes,                             ^

            Blumenthal was most appreciative for receiving this infor­
 mation and said he would pontact        the office of Special Investi-
   ;ions of the Air_3groeror what assistance th^y eeight be to him.
 He said nlso he would straighten out Rhodes, informing him the FBI
[only as a courtesy t^ the ‘Air Force representatives received the
\negativ- s from him an., transmitted them,
                                  July 15, 1952


          Mr, Thad W, Calmer II
          Post Office Box 99
          Robinson, Illinois
          Dear Mr, Culmer
                         Your letter of July d, 1952, has been
          received.
                    While I would like to be of service, the
          subject matter of your communication does not relate
          to an activity within the investigative jurisdiction
          of the FBI, I have, however, taken the liberty of
          referring a copy of your letter to The Honorable, The
          Secretary of the Air Force, Department of Defense
          Building, The Pentagon, Washington 25, D, C,, who may
          be able to be of assistance.
                                              Sincerely yours.


                                              John Edgar Hoover
                                                  Director


          Copy of incoming to Secretary of the Air Force^b^form letter


Vlchols

Btlsont

Clegg
          TEB:pa
OlAvln


Rosen


Mohr


           COMM-F^I       ^CP^   w*’r M‘,n>
HoJlwun
Candy
          JUL 1 6 1952
           MALED 18
,-c-ii-M ~ '^:.:&:-   -5':   ?..''     s^.o i oA v^np:onl \o vest’d


                                                             00.: ATS
                                      •iW^C 9| >
                                     aoitsnr jo use st
                                           I83
                                     WOOM 1IVW 1W139#    ^PLUpASS

                                                         fit 03JAM
                                                                               Mr. Tolson’__
                                                                               Mr. Ladd—
                                                                               Mr. Nifholst''-
                                                                               MrTTWnm
                                                                               Mr. Clegg------
                                                                               Mr. Glavin___
                                                                               Mr. Harbo------
                                                                               Mr. Rosen.
                                                                               Mr. Tracy____
                           July 8, 1952
                                                                               Mr. Laughlin-
                                                                               Mr. Mohr____
                                                                               Tele. Room__
                                                          Thad W. Culmer II<   Mr. Holloman?
                                                          Post Office Box 9$   Miss Gandy__
                                                          Robinson, Illinois

Mr* J* Edgar Hoover, Director                \   \ . \
Federal Bureau of Investigation                    J
Washington, District of Columbia

Dear Mr* Hoovers

Perhaps this is a little out of your line of endeavor, however, I feel that per­
haps you or your organization might be able to give me some infomation concerning
the following matter.

From the first time it was written up in the press I have been keenly interested
in strange celestial phenomena such as the flying disks popularly called “flying
saucers.*

Now out of all the thousands of people who have reported sightings not all of
them have had too much to drink, nor could they have been victims of optical
illusions, retinal retention, or hallucinations. Some of the objects sighted
could not have been jet craft, guided missiles, or rockets, neither could they
all have been weather instruments* Unretouched and. undoctored photographs have
given evidence that someone must have seen something*

It seems that both civil and military authorities are most willing to proclaim
what the objects are not. I feel there is more to the matter than meets the eye.
My decision to write you was based on the thought I would get straight answers.

Do you have any ideas or data on this subject? What are your opinions? If net,
where might I write for such information? Any kindness, consideration, or in­
formation which you can extend toward me concerning this matter will certainly
be most sincerely appreciated*
                            RECEIVED-NICHOLS
                                   . D. 1.

               MR. JONES    U.S. DEPT. OF JUSTICE

           MM 5^’5?         MIO 3 35 PH’5?
          - ..RECEDED
         *^      fr B TC:
        Jul W ofpj^ju^icE


O'/ <
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


                                                 UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

                  DIRECTOR, FBI                               DATE:   July 29, 1952

                  SAC, WASHINGTON FIELD 62-0

                  AERIAL OBJECTS
                  "Flying Saucers”
                  INFORMATION CONCERNING


                   On July 28, 1952, at the Weekly Intelligence Conference
         Captain WILLIAM DEEGAN, Office of Special Investigations, hth Air
         Force Base, Bolling Field, advised the representative of the FBI, f     '
         Washington Field Office, over the prior weekend, his office had
         received reports concerning the observation of aerial objects.-
         Captain DEEGAN referred to a phone call made to his office by’
         Special Agent LEONARD E. WEBSTER of the Washington Field Office,
         furnishing to OSI the identity of a woman who reportedly had observed
         an aerial object. DEEGAN praised the WFO for the expeditious neti-
         fication in this instance.

                   Captain DEEGAN, Colonel COLLINS, DEEGAN’s superior office
         and Special Agent JOHN M. deBETTFNCOURT, in a conference on July 28,
         1952, discussed the matter of immediate notification of OSI. This
         conference resulted in the request by Colonel COLLINS and Captain
       ; DEEGAN that in the event, whenever information is received by the FBI,
         in which it is alleged that someone has observed a "Flying Saucer",
         this information be immediately relayed to Captain DEEGAN* s office.
         It is to be noted that this office may be reached by dialing Code 1261
         and asking for Extension 509. Captain DEEGAN said this number should be
      | called under these circumstances at any time, day or night.

                    Captain DEEGAN stated that the Air Force is greatly concerned
         about this matter of aerial objects and said that the Air Force
         Intelligence would appreciate the execution of the requested procedure,
         mentioned above. It is suggested that the Bureau bring this matter
         to the attention of its night supervisors, since these night supervisors
         also receive complaints from persons outside of the Bureau and may
         receive' information concerning the observation of aerial objects.


         JMD:NPB                  ^            RECORDED - ^

                                  , । U i1’ TO 4
                                  J* . X        - <§>


    EP 241952
                                                                                              45 MRO^.fl^WZAia


    TMilMMWO                      3TAT2 UaTIMU              ♦ WsWw^lA

             ir
                                :STxa                                          'a                         OT

                                                                0 uJiO/l KO'        A‘                IZCJI^

                                                                             3T3.‘U1U JMHal       iToaiaaa
                                                                          ’’eieouaO smivXV
                                                                  OK!    \jr ' ^"AMHC^;?


               t9onr>Ti- ..nor’ sons ! J leJoi yl .a V and Jr <£,&/. <C£ yiul aO
                xir rdj < extol i*rJdP.3znj la.io»q3 io sri; !C t ;AC Hl ^'AilJlA nisddsp
                til. arid ic /•vxji-jnf'as'xq? 1 crK caelvts tolei* ^iJ. .c ^a^ a : ic
                   tr.J oolite air. j/ovJnsw ici'ic odd 'tovo pol'tlO bint'S ncJgn’::36»t
                   » 3dt       l^kIt:-.? K’ .n-irav .•■ride   -a; ■indp ' a J'? c m >;3 .Ms-
                   * J             sir oJ mir i ieq .■noria -- cd bvri ‘si        ■   si j: 3
                  ,5 il'^>          fiat nJ res odd ;c Hc.>-.'' .         id Jr'. !•: 3a~
            K va£a$tf.&j? Yij^dioatyx odw hhbow • lo -KJcnbi w^ • J <i an.dioi ; i


                       f LA-
                  mli'-c ■ :Q    ^^              , IIKK     mjuioO        yr Gisdar

                 31:0 .- 70 ^cxi-o/.r-rujidcf; sjsile.:’ Mo oodJr edd lea itm. it. t      .
*                 nisdqtsO twe SifUaDO IsnoloO yd deaoadn srid nJ bsiXunsT sags'iatqoQ
^           tIff5 end vc bOyioban: al noiiu.^cK-tK ^evoKa-ir tJhove sdj r:i dado^r •-. ?: u ;^
                t’^sovAi ^c.<yI;’ s bevioauc bsk ercoss-.a      bMpUr at Ji Aoicw i:i
Ox                                                 -                          ' C3
  Ic\i sbc3 grulsia yd b riosa'i od yc. sefno airid JsrU bad on ad p.j ai XT 2
 a ; .                                            noieii Jx/               ;s

i                           '                                                        J
g       JtotrxcpnGo ^IJ'am^ ai emos UL ark; J^'iJ uaisJa »i/^.!'j nxbJqsil ^
    —             eorc tIA edd Jfdd £!$;: ims aJbsi.Jo lalisr. ?b 'idddBff xnd j- j?
              wd-"   ••■■’■ ;'- y; 9~- 1 rtoidusaxs ew iStBjtoo-iqqs bloow sons’ ii
    *    < >1^''*®® "r^^ ^^^ CS3’i;j^ ^;■■,■ ‘ .id t3Jae;'--a ei JI .. voc* : jnci »n
      ;rc^'f^Wj,Gr^, Jd^^            eon.! ?, . expeiyif)'ri a Jrigir a. / io noUn-JJr aad d
    x         § tl's .rstOTA- id lo dbiaJw aoca xaq Aoil .'.:iylqsrr.a avisos^. ■ r £&
            3MHWdS&dB‘Q£&'ro£ :o fu-jernes u add 7 ifbisfenc o i^ijsro                av.’^"t
                         I      8 ®f
    o   ^         K
    0   ^     •


                                                     93;~"

                                             19 3 ws'vn
                                                          Hli'l         j03
                                        NS WH!' ’5> AVNbM

                                        ■t^iW^S ^ ^                                      «HS "3
                                            &W«c 1j
                                            Kiisnr      -
    O^ice Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
to       : Director, FBI                                DATE:   July 31, 1952

from     : SAC, Indianapolis (-'2-0)
    subject: WING SAUCERS SEEN NEAR THESSALON LAKE
           ONTARIO, CANADA JULY 27, 1952
           MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING


               _D r. JL>uJ:!.cINDOO, 820 West Walnut Street, Kokomo,
           Indiana, on July 30, 1952 advised Special Agent. JOHN P.
           &SR&TS that on July 27, 1952 at approximately 10:00 A.M.
           while fishing in the back waters of Thessalon Lake,
           Ontario, Canada, he noticed a formation of bombing planes,
           sixteen to twenty in number, in two groups flying south
           at a height estimated by him to be four or five miles.
                Dr. McINDOO stated that the planes went over the
           lake, suddenly dropped objects at first thought by him
           to be parachutes. He continued that these objects fell
           straight down for a short time, then suddenly spurted vapor
           and at a high rate of speed flew off in a southwesterly
           direction.

                Dr. McINDOO was unable to identify the nationality
           of the planes, but stated that they had twin trails of
           bluish smoke. He further stated that the objects which
           had been dropped from the planes had a single trail of
           bluish smoke.

                He stated that he had been accompanied on his fishing
           trip by PAUL GADDIS, Kokomo. Indiana. Dr. McINDOO had no
           further information concerning instant planes or the objects
           dropped by them.

                Dr. McINDOO was referred to the FBI by DONALD D. SMITH,
           President of the First National Bank of Kokomo, Indiana,
           who advised that Dr. McINDOO enjoyed a good reputation in
           Kokomo.

                 UACB, no further action will be taken in this matter,
           The above is being forwarded for the information of the
           Bureau in the event they desire to communicate this infor-
           /nation to the Air Force.
t
                                       RECORDED. 45
           HSK:bjk                                          AUG
           AIR MAIL SPECIAL DELIVERY     INDEXED1- 45   2
                                                             REGISTERED AIR MAIL


                  Dates      August 11, 1952
                  To:-       Mr, Glenn H, Bethel
                             c/o The Commissioner
                             Royal Canadian Mounted Police
                             Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
                  Prom:      John Edgar Hoover - Director
                             Federal Bureau of Investi gati on
                  Subject:   ELY I HO SAUCERS SEEM NEAR THESSALON LAIE,
                             ONTARIO, CANADA, JULY 27, 1952
                             MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING

                            Dr, R, E, Mclndoo, 320 test Walnut Street, Kokomo,
                  Indiana, on July 30, 1952, advised that on July 27, 1952,
                  at approximately 10:00 A.M, while fishing in the back
                  waters of Thessalon Lake, Ontario, Canada, he noticed a
                  formation of bombing planes, sixteen to twenty in number,
                  in two groups flying south at a height estimated by him to
                  be four or five miles,
                              Dr, Mclndoo stated that the planes went over the
                  lake and suddenly dropped objects, at first thought by him
                  to be parachutes. He continued that these objects fell
                  straight for a short time, then suddenly spurted vapor
                  and at a high rate of speed flew off in a southwesterly
                  directi on,
Tolson                       Dr, Mclndoo was unable to identify the nationality
Ladd
Xlchols
                  of the planes, but stated that they had twin trails of bluish
Bstaont           smoke. Re further stated that the objects which had been
«•«
Olavln
                  dropped from the planes had single trails of bluish smoke,


Laugh 1 • n____
                  EAB:mes / •
                  cc - Foreign Service Des
                                     FBI
Candy

   —                     1       11 1952
                              MAILED 30
c^^^   ft


            ^^19 11.^
            j jiistif JO Jdau’s 6
                   19 J
             HO(i>» T7W'iSAm™

                                        ^Jj/V   -if, ^ '3   -   O'O'


                                    |    C€ 03JIAM   I
                         He elated that he had been accompanied on
                  hie fishing trip by Paul Gaddis, Kokomo, Indiana.
                  Dr. Mclndoo had no further Information concerning
                  instant planes or the objects dropped by them.
                        The above is furnished for your information
                  Ho further inquiries are contemplated.


Tol»on________
L*<M__________

IM»to_______
Belaont_______

cues_________
Olavm________
Barbo_________
Roten                                        - 8 -
Tracy__________
Uuehlln_______

Rohr
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


                                                UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO                 MR. A. H. BELMO.                      DATE:   July 29, 1952
FROM               V,
                                                                            Tolson_______
SUBJECT:           FLZLW.SAUCERS

      PURPOSE:
              To advise at the present time the Air Force has
    failed to arrive at any satis/act ory~lM>nalu^^                        Halftone

    its~research regarding numerous reports of flying saucers and -—
  r flying discs sighted wFotighout the United. States.          ^22Z
      DETAILS:                                                                              <
                 Mr. N. W. Philo ox j the BurzajllsAyrForcp^^^      1
      Representativej made arrangements through the off ice of
      Major General John A. Samfordj Director of Air Intelligence,
      U.S. Air Force, to receive a briefing from Commander Randall
      Boyd of the Current Intelligence Branch, Estimates Division,
      Air Intelligence, regarding the present status of Air Intelligence
      research into the numerous reports regarding flying saucers
      and flying discs.
                 Commander Boyd advised that Air Intelligence has
       set up at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, the Air
       Technical Intelligence Center which has been established for
       the purpose of coordinating, correlating and making research
       into all reports regarding flying saucers and flying discs.
       He advised that Air Force research has indicated that the
       sightings of flying saucers goes back several centuries and
       that the number of sightings reported varies with the amount
       of publicity. He advised tha±._immediately if publicity appears
       in-newspapers, the number of sightings reported increases
       considera^lyand that- citizens immediately call in reporting
       sightings which occurred several months previously,. Commander
       Boyd stated that these reported sightings of flying saucers
       are placed into three classifications by Air Intelligence:
                  (1) Those sightings which are reported by citizens who
                  claim they have seen flying saucers from the ground.
                  These sightings vary in description, color and speeds.
                  Very little credence is given to these sightings
                  inasmuch as in most instances they are believed to be
                  imaginative or some explainable object which actually
                  crossed through the sky.
                  (2) Sjcghtings reported by commercial or military
                  pilots^ These sightings are considered more credible
                                      RECORDSD-136
       NWP: hke
     >6 AUG 8 1952
                                                                                        RECEIVED -NICHOLS

                                                                                        U.S. DEPT. OF JUSTUS
                      X                                                    ^■-JuJI 12 53 PM’5?
                                                                            NO

                 S. DE?         .UH.h

             ,AJue Z9     i 21 mV’52 *■                              -a
                                                                  .> G !


                          'Ji                                  r’ >!2

                          CC;.I,L                n   j.


                                                                              J     J


                                    rv       <


    G
                                  J.b    J


                                . : J.' ..
    J.   J
                                                          J.
r             M.r..
                                                                  c
                                                                              l.<
                I

      by the Air Force inasmuch as commercial or military
      pilots are experienced in the air and are not
      expected to see objects which are entirely imaginative.
      In each of these instances, the individual who reports
      the sighting is thoroughly interviewed by a representative
      of Air Intelligence so that a complete description of
      the object sighted can be obtained,
       (3) .Those sightings which are reported by pilots and
      for which there is additional corroboration, such as
      recording by radar or sighting from the ground.
      Commander Boyd advised that this latter classification
      constitutes two or three per cent of the total number
      of sightings, but that they are the most credible
      reports received and are difficult to explain, Some
      of these sightings are originally reported from the
      ground, then are observed by pilots in the air and then
      are picked up by radar instruments, He stated that in
      these instances there is no doubt that these individuals
      reporting the sightings actually did see something in
      the sky, However, he explained that these objects could
       still be natural phenomena and still could be recorded
       on radar if there was some electrical disturbance in the
       sky,
             He stated that the flying saucers are most frequently
  observed in areas where there is heavy air traffic, such as
  WasTxihgton, B,C,, and New York City, He advised, however, that
  some reports are received from other parts of the country
  covering the entire United ^dtes and that sightings have also
  recently been reported as far distant as Acapulco, Mexico;
  Korea and French Morocco, He advised that the sightings
  reported in the last classification have never been satisfactorily
  explained. He pointed out, hjQinejlsr, that it is still possible
  that these objects may be a natural phenomenon or some type
  of atmospherical disturbance, He advised that it is not
  entirely'impossible that the objects sighted man possibly be
  ships from another planet such as Mars, He advised that at
  the' present time there is nothing to substantiate this theory
  but the possibility is not being overlooked, He stated that
  Air Intelligence is fairly certain that these objects are not
I ships or missiles from another nation in this world, Commander
  Boyd advised that intense research is being carried on presently
  by Air Intelligence, and at the present time when credible
  reportings of sightings are received, the Air Force is attempting
   in each instance to send up jet interceptor planes in order to

                               - 2 ~
obtain a better view of these objects. However, recent attempts
in this regard have indicated that when the pilot in the j'et
approaches the obj'ect it invariably fades from view,
RECOMMENDATION:
          None,   The foregoing is for your information,


                              - 3 -
     68-83894
RECORDED ^

     Dates             8. 1958
EX-129,         Director of Sped
                The Inspector General
                Department of the Air Force
                The Pentagon
                Washington 85, D, C,
     From:      John Edgar Sooner - Director
                Federal Bureau of Inuesti gation
     Subjects   AJMAL OBJECTS!
                "FLYJ EG SAUCERS*
                MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING

               There are attached two copies of a letter dated
     August 1, 1952, from Florence Whitish, Post Office Boss 526,
     Charleston, South Carolina, regarding "Flying Saucers,*
                Miss thiti sh's comnunicatt on has been acknowledged
      and she has been informed of this referral.
                No investigati on is contemplated with regard to this
      matter.


                                                                        7^^
/^^X ^/^(^^^   htTiS /n
                                                             ■G^irF   ma.

          Date t        August 12, 1952
          To:           Director of Special Investigations
                        The Inspector General
                        Department of the Air Force
                        The Pentagon
                        Washington, D. C.
                 - ^3
          from          John Edgar Hoover, Director
                        Federal Bureau of Investigation
          Su bje ct:    FLYING SA UCERS

                    Attached are two copies of a letter from
          Mrs Ora A. Tygrett dated July 31, 1932, addressed to
          the War Department, c/o Federal Bureau of Investigation
          the contents of which are self-explanatory
                        Mrs. Tygrett's letter has been a cknowledged
          and she has been advised of this


          E


          Note On Yellow Only:

                    Preuious material concerning flying saucers
          furnished OSP.   (62-8389)1)

Tolson

Udd___    TOC:jd^^
Nichols
Bclnont

«>•««__
0Lavin
Harbo
Rosen


UughUn
Mohr
          3‘IP
Gandy
          $ 6 Mg 1
-midr -io iJ?e S’"

^OOM liv^   TAnoat


                     Hr
TRUE COPY
                                   R #.l,
                                  New Palesti ne Indiana
                                     July 31,/52

c/o Federal Reaura of Investigation
        The War Dept
           Washington D.C.

Gentlemen :

Since reading & hearing over Radio about the "flying
saucers," I am compelled to Write to you -

I am a strong believer in our almight God & Christ our Lord.
I have the faith Daniel had.

I feal that these Saucers are films from a secret Camera operated
by something like T.V.  I do believe. They are 0 peratinc through
the Comuniest Party right here in the, or our Unitid States, by
radar Evey Group of Saucers has a picture, the best picture
are kept for bombing purposes.

Why"we see th em just once & a while; They dont want the U.S. to
catch on.      To my opinion they have a way of causing them to be
inv is ibl e .

They can Lower them or send them high; When high they are
invis ihle; It could be from an enemie plaine, or from a tall
building in the Unit_ed States. It could be the Camera is
carried, in to cities and operated from tall buildings the
ones that some one seen with a tail of fire is the nicture that
is Kept;

So lets be on the look out for the next one and   follow their path.
Please Keep my Name confidently.
                       /s/ Mrs. Ora A. Tygrett

P.S.
When they were over Washington D.C. it could a been from the
Tallest building there.  You might Start from the first place they
were ever seen - trace back you might find the secret place.

And pray with out sceasing "And have faith" Our good Rood - says
do nit let our secrets be known, when praying d- trusting in God
pray secretly into him.
STANDARD FORM NO. 64


Office Memorandum                         UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO         : A, H. Belmon                               DATE:   July 31, 1952
from       : J, R. Higgins
                                                                            Tolaon______

SUBJECT:      UNUSUAL FLASHES DURING
                                                                            Cl«a._______
              ELECTRICAL STORM, JERSEY SHORE, PA.,                          Glavln_______
              JULY 28, 1952                                                 Nichols______

              HARRY FLINCHEST ER, COMPLAINANT                               Rosen________
                                                                            Tracy________


                             0 F/y/d/9 fro &■&£<:                           Harbo________
                                                                            Belnont______

                        At 2:15 Am on July 31, 1952, Harry H.               bo hr_________
                                                                            Tele. Roo=_
              Winchester, 315 Cemetery Street, Jersey Shore, Pa.,
              tel ephonically advised that in the early morning of
              7-28-52, during a severe el ectrical storm in the area
              of his resi denee, he had observed seven unusual flashes
              sky, each flash being accompanied by a loud report.

                        Complainant, who appeared to be under the influence
              of intoxicants, called as a result of recent newspaper stories
              regarding phenomena allegedly observed during past week in
              this country.

                        Bureau indices contain no information identifiable
              with the complainant.

              Action:

                        File.


                                                     J^SltSm


6 5 AUG 7 1952
                                          August 13, 1953


RECORDED ■ 35
                 Mr, Benedicto Romero
                 164? Park Avenue
          a-2b   New York City

                 Dear Mr, Romeros

                           I have received your letter of
                 July 31, 1953, The matter referred to in your
                 letter is not within the jurisdiction of this
                 Bureau and I have taken the liberty of forwarding
                 a copy of your letter to the Department of the
                 Air Force for appropriate action.

                                               Very truly yours,


                                               John Edgar Hoover
                                                   Director


                   ERM:kc

                   cc - 1 - New York        (Attachment)

Tolson             WE:                                       - . >
Ladd                Bureau files fail to reflect any i nf ormati on
Micholt
Belx>nt
                  that can be identified with Mr. Romero.
Clagg
Olavln


Rotan________                MAKfcV   3
Tracy_________


                            AUG 1 41952
                              COMM. FBI
Candy
                                       4-22a
                 SE^CH SLIP
    Supervisor


____Exact Spelling          Searchew^ 7
 A^Xll References           Ini tia±'V
--- Subversive Ref.         Date ^-y2-
____Main File
----Restricted, to Locality of


FILE NUMBER            SERIALS


                                 Initialed
                                      August 14, 1952


              Mrs, Fred Haufe
            O^.06 Valnu^ Avenue
          Y^L-^airmont, test Virginia
              Dear Mrs, Haufe:

                        I have received your letter of August 1,
              1952, and want to thank you for making the informa­
              tion contained therein available to this Bureau,
                        The matter referred to in your letter is
              not within the jurisdiction of this Bureau and I
              have taken the liberty of forwarding a copy of your
              letter to the Department of the Air Force for
              appropriate action,


                                               Sincerely .ours.


                                               John Edgar Haover
                                                   Director™


               EHM: kc

                cc - 1       Pi ttsburgh      (Attachment)

                KOTEI
                                 ^v       *   V'
Wlcbols                 Bureau ftikes ’fail to reflect any information
              that can be i        ed, with Urs. Haufe
n«sK_
Olavln
                                                                   \ kF'


mBumW
                coMMTFgrn
                U-G 1 4 1952.1

                WALED 18    I
                                           606   WALNUTAVENUE
                                            Fairmont, W. Va.
                                             RHONE 3765


                                August 1,1952


Hon.J.Edgar Hoover
Dept.F.B.I.
Washington,D.C.


Dear Sir;

     I have been hearing so much about the
objects callecr-F lying Saucers that I begin
ta speculate as to whether we are the only
Nation or county to witness such a display,
               r
      Of course it could be that those odd
objects are pest filled Rad^r controlled
waiting to be punctured.We heve been so
accused by another Nation that no doubt
they have devised some diabolical plan to
test on us.

       I am not inclined to pass those over
lightly,because I believe that those gadgets
can be made and controlled to the extent og
great numbers in groupings.

       Also,I believe  it is very unwise to
make public the locations of sightings as
many folk are prone to worry,and a state of
mind like this is exactly what our enemy is
seeking.

       Any one wise enuf to perfect such
would not only know their travel distance
but also their location,therefore no talk
or       ations could benefit us in that.
            • » RECORDED <1-
       I hope that someone has had the
                                                 _ ^L<7/
                                                      /
integrity and foresight to learn where if                  r
in any other country these ’things’ have
been seen      INDEXED-36 AUG 5 )952
       Thanking you in advance for the
courtesy of a reply,I remain           /

                        Respectfully yours,
flue II   4 29 PH ’5/

  PECO ESPIONAGE
      r n ;
" S OFri. :'r JUSTICE.


          <r
          ^
      STANDARD FORM NO. 64


 ’ Office Memorandum • united states government
      to          : Director, FBI                               date?   August 6, 1952

. ;   from       : SAC, Cincinnati (100-0)

      subject:       ANONYMOUS COMMUNICATION WRITTEN
                     IN GERMAN LANGUAGE RECEIVED BY
                     "CINCINNATI ENQUIRER" PERTAINING
                     TO'"FLYING SAUCERS"
                     SECURITY MATTER - X '

                Mr. K. DORIS of the staff of the "Cincinnati Enquirer" furnished
         the Cincinnati Office with the enclosed letter and envelope received
         anonymously at the "Cincinnati Enquirer" in an envelope postmarked 7-3-52
         at Cincinnati, Ohio«
                It will be noted that the enclosed letter is written in the German
         language, and I am also enclosing a rather loose translation of the letter
         as furnished by the "Cincinnati Enquirer."
                In view of the widespread interest in so-called "flying saucers,"
         I am forwarding this material to the Bureau, with the thought in mind that
         the Bureau may desire to have a careful translation made of the attached
         letter, and the results, if deemed advisable, made available to other
         Governmental agencies*


         Enclosures (3)

         EWY:LM
 . ^b:-^ "lexiL'pnb l^saaxonx-          . iXbX’ eru io bi^jc .H .3#
    havlooa-x eqolsvne imts TOttel beaoiana • .1 ridiw ioi'xT. ... rs.-niry ’. . ?j
-J-V eiiusrv loq Kjolevn® sis nt "is'i/tn'; idJ'^riiorJO” add Is vie- v^hu;
                                                        . bi tijs...b ■• -

^•^j arte Hi nuddi'n ai laJJel besol©::© ex# t^ J oodon ^d Ilir JI
t-J s. 70 .'.'irC ;:. ^ nool isrj-s’x s . .' ,r £o..e .' : • is £ ufls . ^ . ~'
                                                     B±0” Orii X^ b01*8

. jpoif"?: j,.:!’TV . u." Ten—-••. nt i::nsdni . »■   obiF 3..7 j 7?vi< iI
f bai^ ri Jd;^ 5? *                <• •
-..inidds end Ic    '4c r;o dsiF.nsid inlanso is. svari oi o'txaob v.'-rc -?..^ji -. .3
                           eb»/n t9Xdee±vb* bejnes    ' .                     , .
                                                          . ■oioasy       r:    'ic-vo^


                                                                     (O eexvaoIoHa


                                                                  N01SW0 ^oivaw1


                                                                  a^^ro           8 ^


                                                                     0aVVH-03A’333B
                             SEC, [ITY INFORMATION - COhfTDE^IAL


   BECQRD^S

                  Bates       August 13, 1952
             &&   To:         Director of Special Investigations
                              The Inspector General
                              Department of the Air Force
                              The Pentagon
                              Washington 25, D. C.
                  From.:      John Edgar Hoover, Director
                              Federal Bureau of Investigation
                  Subject:    ANONYMOUS COMMUNICATION WRITTEN
                              IN THE GERMAN LANGUAGE, RECEIVED
                              BY TEE "CINCINNATI ENQUIRER”
                              PERTAINING TO "FLYING SAUCERS”
                              SECURITY MATTER - I

                             There is attached for your information
                  and any action you desire to take in this matter
                  a Photostat of a letter, written in German, received
                  from an anonymous source, which was addressed to the
                    Cincinnati Enquirer    A Photostat 0/ the envelope
                   in which the letter was forwarded, is attached and
                   indicates it was mailed on July 31, 1952, at
                   Cincinnati, Ohio.
                            For your further assistance in this matter
                  a translation of the attached letter from the German
                  is attached.

                  At

                                  DECLAS

Tolson
Ladd
Michals,
Balmont
C1«BK_
Slavin


Uuehl ln__
Rohr

                                                     —
Hollomn.
Candi'


           58 AUG 29 1952
30®
W_ hs^ 'J^rh^- ^^ V-7^ WdcAA^^ -^C^-AZv ^7, ^
              ^^-< ^^^ JX^ tw^
                           »


                               FLYIMG SAUCERS


     Since 1944   there have beat experimental weapons which should now


be in production* The one about which there has been so much discussion


is a V-Weapon which has a disc-like round body, about 48*50 metres in


diameter and has by way of emission 45 to $0 automatic   —————          (word


not legible)* With the setting off of the disc these rotate around a sensitive


plexi-glass sphere in the center in which are lecated the ———— (werd


not legible) and guiding apparatus for distance flights* Inside the sphere


there is also enough space for high explosive atom bombs* These weapons


——•-      ——       — —.— (net legible) and show an effective range of


from 30 to 35,000 kilometres. V-Weapon Konstrus (Technician?) Riedel (or


Riedet)^Germany, says it is a typical V-Weapon on which he himself worked.


            I am positive that the truth is better than keeping the people


in ignorance •


                                           H.   Sch*


  This letter is written apparently by a not highly literate person with


undeveloped handwriting* It is my opinion that he is.net making up what
                                    2.


he has written. If I were handling this, I should turn his letter ever


t© the FBI or some other investigating agency to see if he knows anything


more.


                                         F.Y.


                                                August   19^2
S JUL 3‘
-":930PM
                      August 13, 1953


Mr, V, H. Jennings
3096 Haselmary
Zone 17
Pontiac, Michigan
Dear Mr. Jennings:
          I have received your letter of August 5,
1953, and want to thank you for making the informa­
tion contained therein available to this Bureau.
          The matter referred to tn your letter is
not within the jurisdiction of this Bureau and I
have taken the liberty of forwarding a copy of your-
letter to the Department of the Air Force for
appropriate action.


                           Very truly yours.


                          John Edgar Hoover    ^
                               Director        n        s
                                                   rn
 cc - 1 -   Detroit                                     CP

 Note for Detroit:
           Mr. Jennings advised the Bureau in hi^ Letter,
 of his theory regarding flying saucers. It-'was*
 Mr. Jennings' opinion flying saucers are manufactured
 by General Electric or General Motors Research Laboratories
 consist of aluminum tanks filled with helium gas under
 pressure, and work on magnetic principles.
 EHL^kc.,                                                    A
                                               -J   '   C?


       S1’®      '   5)0
®60 ^qc-n.^u 1(,jc

  llp^^-       ’Wo#
  ^M^’
                             1 8 ‘J
                           4owi38 o^y^. ,


                                     '-Muirr                 w.s
              . SERVICE UNIT!         4-22a
                  SEARCH SLIP
       Supervisor                     Room_____

Subj

--- .Exact Spelling       Searchers
JZ^All References         Initial
—Subversive Ref.          Date
____Main Filo
----Restricted to Locality of
          ^^^ ^     ^^__________


FILE NUMBER             SERIALS
                                                UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

               Director, FEE                                 DATE:   8/7/52
no
 , FROM   :    SAC, Philadelphia
  SUBJECT:     FLYING SAUCERS


                      At the weekly liaison conference held in the Philadelphia
     Office on August 5, 19J?2, Major H. B. ELIRIDGE advised that OSI is no longer
     interested in receiving reports concerning flying saucers

                      The above is submitted for the Bureau’s information


     JLK:ERG

                                Recorded - 7g
                    SAC, PHILADELPHIA                                 August 15, 1952

,REC0RDED-29        DIRECTOR, FBI            (62-83694)   . J^
                    FLYING SAUCERS
                    OSI LIAISON
                        Reurlet August 7, 1952, in which you stated that at
              a weekly liaison conference held in Philadelphia Major
              H, B. Eldridge advised that OSI is no longer interested in
              receiving reports concerning flying saucers.
                        OSI, as the official Air Force liaison agency, has
              agreed to accept reports regarding flying saucers and to transmit
              these reports to the Air Technical Intelligence Center at
              Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, where all information
              pertaining to flying saucers is coordinated. If Major Eldridge
              still insists that he does not desire to receive reports
              regarding flying saucers, you should advise the Bureau and the
              matter will be discussed farther with OSI Headquarters in
              Washington, D. C.


 Tolson
 Ladd
 Nichola__
 Belmont__
 Clegg
 Glavln
 Harbo
 Rosen
 Tracy
                           I   mailed   T—
 Mohr
 Tele. Ra..
 Nease                                           ,. ^ j£bi ot uunu.
 Gandy

               WG 2 01952'                        ycctUf&wv’F M®0W
 HtCElvet MA,L HOOM
      FBI
" S SEPT OF HIMIFf
   K


                                       August 5, 1952


  . Mr. Dewey   Wilson
 ^727 Maryland Avenue       P
£jfBaltimore Id, Maryland
   Dear Mr. Wilsont
             Tour letter postmarked July 30, 1952, has been
   received, and I appreciate the interest prompting you to
   bring your comments to my attention.
             Since your communication may be of interest
   to another governmental agency, I am taking the liberty
   of forwarding a copy of it to The Honorable, The Secret
   tary of the Air Force, Department of Defense Building,
   The Pentagon, Washington 25, D. C.
                            Since rely yours,


                            John Edgar Hoover
                                Di rector

   DIC:amk: mfo f^^   / C-^^

   CoCopy of incoming sent to the Secretary of the Air Force
     by short form.
             .■   :   . • . - £»'* ^ii R*«i >       •
           hj -<-<•-«.  r-         i'  ; ^4^J'j-.xa<» . hr


         : . ? \r M,. ^ts’Xc i^ W«fct-X^             TiJftif ^d*
         ..',?•..,;>.$.••. -^ t v\p8VH> *f‘U ”1 c ,
            Mt$ k 1 fic.vA, jAV ci ni ,w ^.7 a ijt
          •*$"'       ' $<  ?    '•-' •'h • U ;?t J>o        .
                              . ' .-•             . i,^     .3 ^

                         tK’,H4V ^l *'’ ■'■^ ■<$            ’


                                                                   O^ffl^ia^:?

&ono‘   nik saj Vo ^DtV^Oh.;. sXj oi frosa ^niwooni %e v’^yd ; .■


                                                    5. Nd Ot £ r nn
                                                   ■wK-nr jo use st
                                                   |MOpM lU"*      3513331:
                                          COPY


                                  2737 Maryland ave
                                  Baltimore 18 MD
J. Edgar Hoover                   July 28-1952
F,B.I.
Washn DC
Dear sir,

I would like to submit a theory that may lead to a solution
of what the Plying saucers really are-these objects could
be Lights, caused by Radio Television Beams illuminating
moist vapor, not unlike phosphous on rain soaked wood in
certain seasons-the northern lights "aurora Borealus" have
manifested themselves for years, setting up Electro magne­
tism & Earth potential which distorts normal Telegraph
Communications, The lights are somewhat like a Fan & can
be seen as far south as Equator-
It is my opinion that Flying Saucers are Electrically induced
currents onto a space (small clouds) and causing it to glow-
this cloud being charged Electrically and a magnetic polarity
being same as the interceptor it can never be overtaken, and
would if persued gradual!y grow Dimmer & dissappear giving
the impressi on that it out ddstanced the persuer with a great
Burst of speed,

This is submitted as a theory as I do not have the power
or facilities to prove or disprove, But I submit a suggestion
whereby a test could be made,
When these saucees appear again Have the TV & all Broadcasts
silenced from the air and check for results-thi s may not
change immediately, as other Elements in this Build up can
not be turned off or on at a given signal.

However I firmly believe that, if the idea as set forth in
 my crude way is submitted to more learned persons then I
some solution is inevitable,

                         /s/ Dewey T, Wilson
STANDAJi O FORM NO. 64


 Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO                W. A, Branigan                          DATE:   August IB, 195S
FROM              E. H. Mossburg

SUBJECT: ^FLYING DISKS
                                   K                                            Tolson
                                                                                Ladd______
                                                                                Clegg_____
                                                                                Olavin
                                                                                Nichols
                                                                                Rosen
                                                                                Tracy
                                                                                Harbo
                                                                                Belmont
                              There is attached a copy of a periodical          Mohr
                  entitled/\Sunday Graphic" dated July 6, 1953, received        Tele. Room
             •    by the Bureau from the Office of the Legal Attache,           Kease

                  American Embassy, London, England.                            Gandy


                             It is desired that the attached periodical
                  containing an article relating to the captioned matter
                  be filed in the captioned file.


                  Attachment


                  EDM: kc


  ^.va^                                RECORDED-4$ | ^      ^
                                        INDEXED-44 . AUG IS#8*
iaaa     ^3 > v ' ^17
       P «t   i
This might be a picture of flying saucers taken at night over Arizona or New Mexico. It was in fact taken in Dr. Menzel’s laboratory at Harvard University.


                 THE TRUTH ABOUT
                 FLYING SAUCERS
                 One of America’s leading astronomers goes into his laboratory
                 at Harvard and disposes of the flying-saucer myth. He adds sim­
                 ple instructions for making flying saucers in your own kitchen

                                                                 that I should be especially well         saucers could be thus explained. But others in
By Dr. DONALD H. MENZEL                                suppose
                                                     I qualified to write about flying saucers since      the group—including several well-known sci-
                        Donald II. Menzel is         I happen to be one of the few persons who has        entists-indicated that there was probably more
                        professor of astrophys­      actually seen one.                                   to the saucer story than that.
                        ics and associate direc­          My solar studies take me frequently to               E'ai ly that evening, I had my second attack
                        tor of solar research at     Colorado and New Mexico, and I was at the            of saucers. I was in the back seat of an auto­
                        Harvard University.          Holloman Air Base, near Alamogordo, N. M.,           mobile, being driven toward Alamogordo and
                        His work on flying sau­      at the height of the flying-saucer scare. That       admiring the full moon as it rose over Sacra­
                        cers was done in re­         very morning, I had glimpsed what seemed to          mento Peak toward the east. A few degrees
                        sponse to a request          be several saucers moving overhead—until I           north of the moon, I noticed what seemed to
                        from LOOK. The Air           focused my eyes more clearly and recognized          be a bright star, and then a second star not far
                        Force has expressed a        the objects as weather balloons. That after­         from the first. Casually, I assumed that they
                        lively interest in it.       noon, I expressed my belief that most of the         were Castor and Pollux in the constellation of
                                                                                                                                             CONTINUED

                                                                                                                                                        35
FLYING SAUCERS
                     continued


Orderly processes

of natural laws
explain saucers
                                                 These are the Lubbock Lights, as photographed Aug. 30,1951, over Lubbock, Texas, by 18-year-old Carl Hart, Jr.


Gemini. Then, very suddenly, I realized that         all the forces of nature. Gods blew the winds,       have unleashed forces we cannot control; many
Gemini was a winter object; the two stars had        threw lightning bolts and stoked the fires that      persons fear we are heading toward a war that
to be something else.                                belch forth from volcanic craters.                   will end in the destruction of civilization.
     Like most astronomers, I am always hope­             Brilliant showers of meteors have made                Third, people enjoy being frightened a
ful of finding a nova (exploding star) which         men fear that the end of the world was immi­         little. They go to Boris Karloff double features.
can be seen with the naked eye, so I rapidly         nent. The ancients have interpreted a solar                But such analysis should concern the psy­
opened the window of the car for a better look.      eclipse.as a dragon devouring the sun and re­        chologist rather than the natural scientist, so
I could bring neither of these objects into clear    joiced when their beating drums and weapons          let me hasten back to our flying saucers.
focus, although nearby Antares was sharp.            frightened the dragon away.                                First of all, we must recognize that “flying
Both hazy disks shone with a slightly bluish              How simple this type of science. No labo­       saucers,” in the public mind, cover a wide va­
light. They were, in a sense, “flying” simply        ratory experiment to prove or tost the hypo­         riety of objects and phenomena. Some of them,
because they were elevated. Suddenly, alive to       theses. No complicated mathematics to study          we can almost immediately dispose of, al­
the fact that I was seeing something unusual,        the details of the process. Nothing to argue         though the mere fact of their misinterpretation
I asked the driver to stop. We climbed out of        about here. For each new and unexplained             has been one of the chief difficulties men have
the car just in time to see the saucer • literally   fact, we invent a new god—or assume the exist­       encountered in getting at the basic truth.
fade away as mysteriously as they had ap­            ence of a superintelligence.                               A man sitting in the park on a calm sum­
peared. I reported the occurrence in detail to             How simple—and how wrong!                      mer afternoon scarcely realizes how intense
the Air Force.                                            Centuries of civilization have taught us        the winds aloft may be. Perhaps real gales
     I later found that an English meteorologist,    the futility of inventing mysterious forces and      exist, with speeds in excess of 60 miles an hour,
Edward J. Lowe, had recorded a similar phe­          superhuman beings. You could explain any­            different layers moving in opposite directions.
nomenon as long ago as 1838—similar except           thing that way. Such explanations, however,          Light, flat objects such as newspapers or kites
for the fact he saw four instead of two ghostly      arc completely useless and nature falls into         can be caught in an occasional whirlwind and
images flying near the moon.                         Chaos, subject to the whim of a pagan deity          lifted to enormous heights, where they may
     Perhaps you expect me to say, at this           instead of to the orderly processes of natural       fly for hundreds of miles before they again
point, that I can explain exactly what I saw         laws.                                                reach the ground. Weather balloons, which are
that evening. I am sorry to disappoint you. I                                                             often released in groups rather than singly,
cannot. I have certain ideas on the subject,                 "An Uncivilized Attitude”                    are not at all uncommon. Indeed, most such
but they are only hypotheses—reasonable but               As a scientist, I am not bothered if I can­     objects lose their true identity when viewed
not yet fully confirmed.                             not give a complete, iron-clad explanation for       against the sky. And it is extremely hard to
     I shall explain those ideas, but first let me   every phenomenon I meet. Unraveling the              recognize them.
say what I do Not believe. I do Not believe          puzzles of science is my business—as well as my            Occasional reflections from distant planes
that what I saw, or anything anyone has re­          pleasure. I find the world still full of unsolved    or even from the backs of high-flying birds
ported seeing, were missiles or messengers or        problems. I look for the explanations, but I do      account for some of the reports. The planet
vehicles from the moon or Mars or space. I do        not arbitrarily invent forces that make expla­       Venus has, on many occasions, produced its
Not believe they were missiles or messengers         nation unnecessary.                                  own series of sensations. Few people seem to
or vehicles from Russia or any other foreign              Why, then, have so many civilized people        realize that this planet, when at greatest bril­
country.                                             chosen to adopt an uncivilized attitude toward       liance, can be plainly seen in the daytime. I
     Indeed, how simple science and life would       flying saucers? I think there are three reasons:     floating cirrus clouds overlie it, the planet my
be if every time we encountered some seem­                First, flying saucers are unusual. All of us    give the illusion of being in rapid motion. Me
 ingly inexplicable fact, we could blame it on       are used to regularity. We naturally attribute       people find it difficult to focus their eyes o:
some outside force over which we have no             mystery to the unusual.                              distant object; hence, they see a bright blur
 control. Such a mode of thought is as old as man         Second, we are all nervous. We live in a        the sky and thus give rise to another flyir
 himself. Our prehistoric ancestors personalized     world that has suddenly become hostile. We           saucer story.


36
                                                         “costumes executed by


                                                         BROOKS
                                                         This familiar theater-program credit represents a $2,000,()()0-a-year gross
                                                         business, costuming everything from liroadivay stars to circus elephants

                                                            he 39-year-old Brooks Costume Com­          tumes. It comes from the 175-odd shows
                                                         Tresponsible
                                                          pany is the biggest in the business. It is Brooks outfits weekly for universities,
                                                                       for the eye appeal of 80 per drama clubs, church societies, junior
                                                         cent of Broadway’s current musicals. It        leagues, civic pageants, summer theaters
                                                         does a large part of New York’s TV-cos­        and municipal operas all over the country.
                                                         tume business and will open a TV service       Brooks has 135,000 costumes for rent, from
                                                         branch in Hollywood shortly. Brooks’ big­      $2000 ball gowns once owned by Mrs. Rob­
                                                         gest regular customer is the Ringling          ert Ogdon Goelet to Indian costumes from
                                                         Brothers and Barnum & Bailey circus, with      Annie Get Your Gun. For $10 a night, the
                                                         its annual $300,000 wardrobe. And for          lead in a Northwestern University play
                                                         $400,000, Brooks costumed Cecil B. de          goes on in a gown once worn by Maude
                                                         Mille’s movie about that circus. Arena         Adams, Bea Lillie or Mary Martin.
                                                         skating shows like Hollywood Ice Revue,             This is possible because of suave, sil­
                                                         Sonja Henie’s Ice Show, Holiday on Ice         ver-haired James E, Stroock’s policy of
                                                         run about $200,000 for costumes — three        buying back the costumes he was origi­
                                                         times most Broadway show budgets.              nally paid a fat fee to make. “He’s king of
                                                              The bulk of Brooks* business, how­        his own state,” says producer John Mur­
                                                         ever, does not come from its big customers     ray Anderson. Famous for his nicknames,
                                                         like Roxy and Radio City shows, Guys and       he calls Stroock. president of Brooks, “The
                                                         Dolls chorus lines, The King and I cos-        Pope,” “because he is so omnipotent.”
Routine sight at Brooks; a show girl hur­                Prodiiced by PATRICIA COFFIN                                                CONTINUED
rying off to try on her next new costume.


A wardrobe is born: designer Irene Sharaff with pro­     First, costumes are made in drab muslin, tried on for
ducers Ben Segal, Chandler Cowles in Stroock’s office.   freedom of movement. Later, best materials ae used.
conditions exist, flying saucers become likely
 spread out horizontally to,form a thin layer          air settles down from above, forming in effect              same sort of conditions which cause optical
 of smoke and haze. This ceiling occurs at the         a sort of supermagnifying lens or telescope.                mirages cause radar mirages as well, as any
 point of highest temperature. Smoke, dust and         This imperfect lens of air forms an image of                radai' expert, will hasten to tell you. They cause
 all kinds of general haze tend to collect in this     the balloon. And, as the lens changes its size              television mirages too. Everyone knows cases
 layer. From below or above, you may not be            and shape, the distorted image darts wildly                 where a television station, normally miles out
 aware of its existence. But as you pass through       around, with phenomenal speed -like a reflec­               of range, suddenly comes in powerful and
 it, you see a fine black line extending from          tion of the sun from a hand mirror.                         steady.
 horizon to horizon.                                         To demonstrate some of these effects —                      Also, the stress laid on the optical pecu­
       On that famous day in June, 1947, when          chiefly those associated with the luminous                  liarities of air over deserts should not be mis­
 Kenneth Arnold of Boise, Idaho, spotted from          night saucers-I prepared a simple laboratory                leading. The temperature inversions of which
 his private plane nine distant saucers moving         experiment, as follows: I filled a cylindrical              I speak are common over the desert (and over
 at “fantastic speeds” along the slopes of Mt.         jar half full of benzene and carefully floated              coastal waters) but they are not limited to
 Rainier, he may well have been flying not too         a layer of acetone on top. Gentle stirring pro­             such areas. They can appear anywhere, and
 fax- from one of these layers of inversion haze.      duced a narrow region where the chemical                    do, A bad smog, for example, is usually a sign
 His was the observation that touched off the          composition changed slowly upward. Benzene                  of a temperature inversion. But they are more
 saucer scare.                                         has optical qualities analogous to those of cold            frequent ovex- deserts, which explains in part
       Let us turn to the official Air Force release   air and acetone to those of warm air. I thus                the fact that sauccx' reports are more frequent
 and quote Arnold himself: “I could see their          reproduced in a small space what would ordi­                over deserts.
 outline quite plainly against the snow as they        narily require miles of terrestrial atmosphere.                  You, too, can have flying saucers in your
 approached the mountain. They flew very close         The liquids produce remarkable effects.                     home. Perhaps not as elaborate as the ones I
 to the mountain tops, directly south to south­              A beam of light, focused diagonally up­               have just described, but nevertheless adequate
 east down the hog’s back of the range, flying         ward from a small slide projector, would or­                to demonstrate some of the effects. You may
 like geese. I watched for about three minutes         dinarily strike the ceiling. But caught in the              simulate the gradual bending that causes a
 —a chain of saucerlike things at least live miles     “inversion layer,” the beam obediently curved               mirage by using a sharp reflection at a water
 long, swerving in and out of the high mountain        downward. Tiny globules of glycerine emulsi­                surface.
 peaks. They were flat like a pie pan and so           fied in the benzene scattered the light and made                  Fill the kitchen sink to the brim and set
 shiny they reflected the sun like a mirror,”          the beam visible. The original circular pinhole             up a candle or row of candles close to the edge
       In Arnold's own story, there are several        used in the projector was distorted into an                 along one side. A box with a scries of pinholes
 clues that should have pointed out the answer         oval shape and clearly marked with some pat­                illuminated by a light or candle is even better.
 long ago. Anyone familiar with mountains              tern suggesting a surface structure.                        Now face the lights from the opposite side of
 knows that the ridges, where ascending cur­                                                                       the sink, keeping your eye close to the water
 rents of air from opposite sides meet and mix,                  Laboratory "Saucers”                              surface and see the bright reflections. Now
 are subject to the most violent drafts. From the          Any motion of the liquid—produced as the                have someone gently stir the water and pro­
 Harvard and University of Colorado observa­           result of a rocking made the saucer slip about.             duce waves The lights will float and travel-
 tory at Climax, Colo., I have observed with a         Tlirhulenco,   cau^nd   by   a   dolioalo   ctirring of     anti oven ^,ow the disklike form character­
 telescope the blowing snow on the ridges of           the medium near the light beam, gave dozens                 istic of a reflection from the trough of a wave.
 14,000-foot peaks, and have noted the billow­         of flying disks. The color effects, resulting in            One can even reproduce the saucers with light
 ing gusts rage along the “hog’s back.” It is          part from the glycerine globules, were star­                reflected from the surface of coffee in a cup.
 indeed highly probable that the slopes of Mt.         tling and beautiful. Finally, when I replaced                     As I have said earlier, these experiments
 Rainier are equally turbulent. And, if their          the single pinhole with a row that simulated                are suggestive rather than definitive. More
 turbulence reaches upward into the haze, the          distant street lights, the resulting images be­             work is necessary to prove the phenomenon.
 warped layers would reflect sunlight and a            haved and looked like the Lubbock Lights.                   The analysis indicates, however, a cleai* plan
 progression of moves would make the crests                 These considerations do not explain every­             for future study and research. I believe that
 seem to move with phenomenal speed.                   thing. The green fire balls are still something             these experiments will eventually cause the
       And if you doubt whether mere bending           of a mystery, though many will prove to be                  saucer scare to vanish — most appropriately,
 or crinkling of a hazy layer could cause the          meteors. Prof. Fred L. Whipple of Harvard has               into thin air, the region that gave birth to it.
 bright reflection, note how a fold of a lace          called my attention to the fact that the color                                                            END
 curtain—or piece of cheesecloth—similarly re­         probably arises from the presence of magne­
 flects the light. The reflection is brightest wnen    sia n in me muicor liseil. ibis metal, well
 the curvature is sharpest. Most daytime saucers       known to be an abundant constituent of the                     The forces entrusted with the defense
 are a variant of this phenomenon. The mirage          rork meteors, emits green light when incan­                    of the U. 5, from the skies still must
 effect is here of secondary importance.               descent. The reported slowness of motion may
                                                       be due to great distance, associated with the                  look for "flying saucers." In its next
       The “ghost” balloons are perhaps the sim­
 plest of all mirage phenomena. The balloon            clarity of the desert skies.                                   issue. Look will tell the story of this
  itself is responsible. As it “punctures” some             This mirage-phenomena theory includes                     secret hunt by our aerial defenders.
  fairly high inversion, a large bubble of colder      tie flying saucers seen on radarscopes. The


 In normal air. light from the ground simply spreads out into space. Outside its                   With a temperature inversion, light bends in refracting layer of air.
                                                                                                   A ray of light will thus be seen in areas far distant from its source.
                                                              FLYING SAUCERS continued

                                                                                 Wherever certain well-known ai

                                                              conclusion justified? Or shall we accept tem­        lem of saucers. And, working on that assump­
                                                              porarily what seems to be a much more rea­           tion, I have been able to reproduce in the labo­
                                                              sonable alternative: that the flying saucers are     ratory most of the essential features of the
                                                              not material objects at all?                         saucers. Much more study, both theoretical and
                                                                  The one thing that can respond instan­           experimental, is necessary before we shall un­
                                                              taneously to force is a light beam. You can          derstand this complicated problem in all its
                                                              stand at the foot of a high mountain and with        details. I am confident, however, that we can
                                                              a hand mirror flash a signal from base to peak       eventually produce and observe the phenom­
    luminous by night. They may appear singly,                and back again, a distance of more than 10           enon at about any time we wish to.
    in clusters or fly in precise geometrical forma­          miles, in a tenth of a second or less. But, if we         Mirage. A mirage is fundamentally an
    tion. The best-defined patterns of this type              see something flashing over cliff and forest         image caused by a lens of air. Since air lenses
    have been called the Lubbock Lights, since                with a speed of 100 miles a second or accelerat­     are almost never perfect, the world we see
    their best-known appearance was in Lubbock,               ing with a force 1000 times greater than that        through them is distorted and unreal. Like
    Texas. They have, however, appeared else­                 of gravity, must we conclude that it is a            seeing through spectacles that do not fit your
    where. Next, we have the mysterious balls of              manned craft?                                        eyes. Or looking in one of those highly curved
    green fire. Are they or are they not related to                                                                mirrors in an amusement park.
    the luminous “Foo Fighters” that occasionally                      An Optical Phenomenon?                           And yet you see mirages every day, with­
    seem to accompany a plane or even engage it                    Let us, then, accept as a working hypoth­       out really knowing it. As you drive along a
    in a mysterious sort of shadowboxing? Finally,            esis the idea that saucers may be an optical         highway on a hot day, the dark asphalt in the
    there are the “ghost” saucers that seem to                phenomenon-though nonetheless real.                  distance seems to be covered with water—a
    hover suspiciously around a freshly launched                   To me as a scientist, this was the only         film that evaporates as the car advances. This
    balloon, and rush off at some unprecedented               course along which to proceed. And the hypoth­       is the ordinary mirage we familiarly associate
    speed—presumably to report their findings. At             esis that these were optical phenomena, tak­         with the desert: the thirsty traveler, the vision
    least four .-uch ghosts have been reliably re­            ing place primarily in desert regions, inevit­       of a receding lake, and only sand. The water,
    ported.                                                   ably brought the next logical consideration to       of course, is an image of the sky. projected
         Many of the records refer to some tre­               my mind.                                             against the distant landscape. The light rays
    mendous distance or speed. And here I ask this                 In the science of atmospherics, there is a      that produce the illusion traverse a path that
    question: How can an observer on the ground,              well-known condition known as “temperature           is concave upward.
    from a single station and with his eyes alone,            inversion.” It is simple enough. Normally, the            But give us a cool layer of air at the
    give a reliable estimate of all three figures:            air grows colder as one goes farther up from         ground, as in the desert at night, and light rays
    distance, size and speed? If you think that this          the surface of the earth. But sometimes the          will curve in the reverse direction, following
    is easy, try it sometime—-on the moon, for ex­            reverse is true, and a layer of warm air over-       along the surface of the earth.
    ample.                                                    lies layers of colder air.
         The reported saucers move at varied an­                    During the war, I was a member and later             City Lights Become "Saucers”
    gular speeds, either sideways or vertical. Their          chairman of the Wave Propagation Committee                Where the daytime mirage projects the
    unknown actual speed depends on how far                   of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, which conducted a      image of the sky against the earth, the night­
    away they actually arc. They may “veer”                   series of tests on the desert. We were studying      time desert variety projects the image of the
    sharply at any given moment. At times, the                radar images; but light behaves, in many ways,       earth against the sky. And hence, if we have
    images are extremely brilliant. Sometimes,                like radar. What we learned about the desert         distant lights-such as those of a city—these
    they show a trace of structure, which some                applies as much to light as to radar.                lights will appear to float in the sky. Moreover,
    observers have associated with “windows” or                    We learned that temperature inversions          if the intervening air contains waves or is tur­
    “portholes” of a space craft.                             were, as we had expected, extremely common           bulent to any degree, the lights will appear to
         They move without sound and hence seem               on the desert. During the day, the desert is ex­     move, riding in on the crest of a wave, like
    to be controlled without any normal forces of             tremely hot. At night (or even during the day        ripples of moonlight on the ocean. If the source
    power that we would ascribe to a craft on                 under certain cloud conditions), the ground          is a line of distant street lamps, the images
    earth. The objects are generally round or oval            rapidly cools off. But the air cools more slowly.    appear to fly in formation the Lubbock Light
    and bear no resemblance to any known air­                 Thus, the air cools more quickly where it actu­      phenomenon.
    craft already built or being built on earth.              ally is in contact with the ground, but for some          One further property of these temperature
         But are we justified in reversing these              distance continues to get warmer with h ght.         invorsionv serves to emphasize the effect and
    arguments and saying that, since no terrestrial           Then, well away from the ground, it begins to        undoubtedly contributes to the daytime sau­
    craft could have such properties and since no             become cooler again.                                 cers. Daytime inversions are fairly common,
    human beings could withstand the tremendous                    Scientists have long known that regions         but they usually lie higher than the ones that
    buffeting that the flying saucers seem to get,            of the atmosphere wherein the temperature            occur at night on the desert. You can often see
    the objects must perforce be space ships                  changes rapidly with height can cause a mi­          them—or at least recognize their existence,
    manned by beings of decidedly nonhuman                    rage.                                                     A column of smoke from a distant chimney
    characteristics? I ask again: Is this sweeping                 Mirage. That is the key to the whole prob­      will sometimes rise smoothly upward and then


The clear air of the desert, and the lack of buildings or of hills, make it     In the city, the angle of vision is small and the sky is full of smoke and dust. Thus,
possible to see long distances, increase the number of observed events.         even if conditions were perfect for “saucers,” fewer would be observed over cities.
                                                                                                                  Photographed by Arthur Rothstein


                                                                                                                  Dr. Menzel begins setting up his apparatus,
                                                                                                                  using a large glass jar, benzene and acetone.


'hcse “lights” were one of many sets of “saucers” made by Dr. Menzel in his laboratory. Note the “mother ship.”


         But by no means all of the objects can be       First, it would almost serve as a description of
   so dismissed. After we have eliminated the            the Lubbock Lights Second, my own theory
   false saucers and the erroneous reports that          of the Lubbock Lights was developed, and
   we trace to misidentification, there do remain        tested in my laboratory, before I found this             Acetone floating on benzene simulates air
   a number that we cannot completely write off.         account in Nature—and my theory directly as­             levels; lens effect distorts Dr. Menzel’s face.
   Such as the ones I saw myself.                        sociates looming mirages with the lights.
         The first question we are called upon to             The next question is quite natural: Even
   answer is this: If these objects arc natural          granting th^t these phenomena have a long
   objects, why did they suddenly appear for the         history, why. are they so much more frequent
   first time in 1947? An honest question and a          today than ip the past?
   basic one; for if it cannot be answered, we are            List the places where flying saucers have
   in difficulties. But the answer is simple: They       been seen, and you will notice that the great
   were seen in the skies long before 1947. Scien­       majority were reported in very hot areas, over
   tific literature is full of them.                     deserts—in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
                                                         Fo- years, these states were sparsely settled.
         England Had Durham Lights                            But since the war began, they are the
        Take, for example, the Lubbock Lights,           areas in which the most startling population
   which appeared in the sky near Lubbock,               growth has been tallied. Irrigation has brought
   Texas, last summer and were photographed.             faimers in. The dry heat has made tourist
   Similar phenomena have been long reported.            havens of Phoenix and Tucson. The air age has
   England was mildly excited over the Durham            made these flat, clear-skied areas the natural
   Lights almost a century ago.                          locations for great bomber and fighter bases.
        In 1897, our papers were filled with stories     Finally, atomic energy has chosen New Mexico
   about a mysterious cigar-shaped airship seen          as its headquarters.
   at odd places over the country. The lights and             In brief, there are more eyes to scan the
   men aboard were clearly visible. Finally, the         heavens. Hence, more is seen. The answer' is             A glass rod seems to bend as it passes from
   great inventor Thomas A. Edison himself dis­                                                                   one liquid to other. Light bends in this way.
                                                         as simple as that. The clear skies are themselves
   posed of the rumor.                                   a partial answer. Beyond two or three miles,
        Here is a quotation from the magazine            especially toward the horizon, the milky haze            A light shining through the liquids bends at
   Nature for May 25, 1893: “During a recent             cuts down visibility in Eastern areas. In the            the meeting point. Same is true in air layers.
   wintry cruise in H.M.S. Caroliyie, a curious          West, one is accustomed to seeing a mountain
   phenomenon was seen.. . . Unusual lights were         peak more than 150 miles away.
   reported by the officer of the watch. They ap­             Finally, the most important question of
   peared sometimes as a mass, at others spread          all: If the saucers aren’t superhuman or con­
   out in an irregular line. They bore north until       trolled by superhumans, what are they?
   I lost sight of them about midnight. . . . The             First, we must study the reports.
   globes of fire altered in their formation ... now          A careful analysis of all the available data
   in a massed group with an outlying light, then        indicates that—after we have subtracted the
   the isolated one would disappear and the others       balloons, papers, distant planes, Venus and the
   would take the form of a crescent of diamonds.”       like—a substantial amount of reliable but un­
        The account also mentioned a “looming            explained material still remains. This falls
   mirage,” of which I shall have more to say            into several definite patterns: ovals, disks or
   later. This report interests me for two reasons:      other patterns, either shining silver by day or
                                                                                             CONTINUED
                   6P-83894


                   Dates      August 11, 1953
                   Tos        Director of Special Investigations ^ Ft^ ^rGElrCltS
                              The Inspector General
                              Department of the Air force
                              The Pentagon
                              Washington £5, D. C
                   Front      John Edgar Hoover - Director
                              Federal Bureau of Investigation
                   Subject:   FILING SAUCER#'SEEM HEAR THESSALON LAFE
                                   .   CjUXM, J':.Y £7, 1J52
                              MISCELLANEOUS - INFOR ATION CONCERNING

                                  R. E. Mclndoo , 8£0 test Walnut Street, Nokomo
                   Indiana, on July 30, 1952. advised that on July 37, 1953,
                   at approximately 10x00 A. U. while fishing in the back
                   waters of Thessalon Lake, Ontario, Canada, he noticed a         I
                   formati on of bombing planes, sixteen to twenty in number,
                   in two groups flying south at a height estimated by him to
                   be four or five miles.
                              Dr. Mclndoo stated that the planes went over the
                   lake and suddenly dropped objects, at first thought by him
                   to be parachutes. He continued that these objects fell
                   straight for a short time, then suddenly spurted vapor
                   and at a high rate of speed flew off in a southwesterly
                   direction.
                              Dr. Mclndoo was unable to identify the nationality
                   of the planes, but stated that they had twin trails of bluish
                   8uoke» He further stated that the objects which had been
                   dropped from the planes had single trails of bluish
Tolson


Mlctwis,
Belmont,
                                     SECURETT INFORMATION
C1*8S
                                          HtUUHOED-86
aiavln
Harto
                   EABfm.es
                                                        AUG 13 ,1952
Liughlln______ _
                                   COMM     FBI         8$

                                   AUG 11195
                                    mailed 27
^ AUG 191952
               SICURITT INFORMATION - C&NFIDSNTIAL


          He stated that he had been accompanied on
his fishing trip by Paul Gaddis, Kohomo, Indiana, Dr, Mclndoo
had no further information concerning instant planes or the
objects dropped by them.
          No further inquiries are contemplated tn this
matter, However, if additional Information is received
by this Bureau, you will be promptly advised.


                                   -----------^r-r—^
                                                            August £1   1952


  RECORDED ■ m - ■ -                  { -
                                                                               i
                      Urs. Mallis T. Dull
                      Routs 3
                      Staunton, Virginia
                  i Dear Mrs, Dulls
                                I wish to acknowledge the receipt of
                      your letter dated August 12, 1932, addressed to
                      Air force Intelligence, the Justice Department,
                      and this Bureau.
                             A careful review ~of the contents of
                  i your communication fails to reflect that the
                  ' subject matter contained therein is within the
                    Jurisdiction of this Bureau.
                                             Sincerely yours,


                                             John Edgar Hoover
                                                 Director


                      cc - 2 - Richmond - with copy of i


                      KWDsreliTn.es
Toleon________
Ladd__________
Mlcbola_______
B»l»ont_______
Cl««£_________
                      No te s Bufiles fail to reflect any identifiable record
01* vl n              on the addressee.
garbo
Ro—n_________
Trap
taughtin______
MOW___________
Tola. Ra.______
Hollo— n

c*nd-’—_—
                                 AUG2ih®2              /l^^^J^y
                    ^^‘e ^^, e^i
.'<oos-- sicaiv**                        o%
                                         no


                     ^p°*‘   f   sr^s;
MWV^ iW^
^Zll^i   ;/^Z < ^iZt           r
^?UW/-yxy -V ^^ /^'


         £ f                                    ^^^^z^f
         ^^(.^jC   ^^r\   ^t^-'l^ ^ ^*^7^ ^^^'1^:^,^  ^

         ^^'la     ^^^7      /^^'t-z^4   ^ ^ ^a^tX ^

              RECORDED-61    _ /V/j ///     _Z    ~r      <7~
         A.z Ji®fX®^'5j-»'   e^f/y ^y/c^^f       ^yi/-ij: it i
/WK. /Ue//IE
                                           Staunton, Va,
                                           Route 3
                                           August 12, 1952

Air Force Intelligence
F, B, I.
Justice Dept,
Fellow Americans,

      I am writing the same letter to all three Departments.
On August 1st, I wrote a letter, and mailed it on August 2nd,
to the Air Force Intelligence telling my views of a flying
saucer. In about four days the physicist Noel Scott gave out
a report of findings identical to my report, Now if I have
hit upon the meaning of a flying saucer I would like to get
the credit for it, I have reason to believe my ideas have
been hi-jacked, It should be easy to find out. When did
Mr, Scott start his experiment? Which office did my letter
go through? Has my letter placed on file? It had a return
address, If you cannot find it that proves it was destroyed
and the information used,
      I have much better working proof of my theory than
Mr, Scott, which has been before me all along, until I hit
upon the idea.

      The solution should not have been published, There is
a great deal more to it than that, which I can explain, The
idea should have been worked out thoroughly and secretly,
Rainmakers could probably do a great deal of harm with the
answer, There is a possibility that it could mean an entirely
different type of air warfare, The Air Force could possibly
use it for defensive warfare, It could lead to man-made flying
saucers which the enemy could use against us,

      Man-made flying saucers possibly could be used in
conjunction with atom and hydrogen bombs or to destroy them,
Astronomers could use the information to predict about other
planets or planetary warfare, This information could be of use in a
trip to the moon,

      Does the Air Force wish me to keep my impressions to myself
or shall I give a statement to the press? My Country comes first if
the information should be kept secret,
      I signed my other letter "respectfully,"   Hhen a lady from
Virginia pays her respects to the Air Force she expects the Air
Force to pay its respects right back to her,

                                     Respectfully,
                                    Mrs, Nellie T, Dull
                                    Route 3
                                    Staunton,
                                    Virginia
             SERVICE UNIT             4-22a
    , „ #      SEARCH SLIP
    Supervisor                  Room 3^ 0(a


  Eyact Spelling         Searchers         .
  .All References        Initia1
  .Subversive Ref.       Date
  .Main File
__Restricted to Locality of


FILE NUMBER          SERIALS


                               Initialed
                                       August 8    1952


          Post Office Box 526
          Charleston South Carolina
          Dear Has thitish:
                    I wish to acknowledge the receipt of your letter
          dated August 1 1952
                    Since the matter referred to therein is within
          the jurisdiction of the Department of the Air Force I have
          taken the liberty of forwarding a copy of your letter to that
          Agency
                    lour interest and cooperation in furnishing this
          material are appreciated
                                           Sincerely yours.


                                           John Edgar Hoover
                                               Director

          KwDimes
          Dote: Bufiles reflect no record concerning Florence'^,>/ ^ti sh


           cc - 1   SAC   Savannah     (with cop          ncoming)


UlcholB
                                  RECORDED - 681
O1<< •

Olavln                                      68 AUG 13!


                          COMM   FBI

re- ■
          6 AUG 20 W.™
                          MAILED 28
              n HJ ^ C          II on

K           tousnr hu             $ •.
^I^ lc' I   ,    I P    3
^.      "   Wru^         ^i333v


l>)0^^                      .
