{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-17 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495420","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64018","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/420/mufon-5495420.json","updb_database_id":5495420}
{cak} 20+ triangles, 2 flying saucers, military helicopter, and white streak across the sky.

-I apologize for the cursing in the videos, I tend to curse when I get excited about things, and this mass UFO sighting was unlike anything I've ever seen on Youtube.-

This happened during St. Patricks day so I'm going to start first by saying my girlfriend and I were both sober the entire night. 

My girlfriend and I were sitting on the couch watching Gravity Falls together. I turned my head and saw about 8 red lights connected to a flying saucer-type UFO. It had 2 white lights on the bottom of it. This first UFO hovered directly over our apartment building, over the parking lot, and behind the building across the lot. We got up and watched it, thinking it might be a helicopter at first, but it was not. We ran outside, chased it behind the building, and in under 2 minutes it was over a mile away. This UFO was about 250+ feet long and about 80 feet tall. 

After observing this UFO flying away we noticed about 3 red and white blinking lights, all in separate directions. After a few seconds of watching them, we began moving to observe them closer. We began noticing more and more, until we saw about 8 different UFOs. A couple flew over us and we noticed they were black triangle UFOs. They flew over about a minute apart from one another.

After seeing those triangle UFOs and observing 8 different UFO, red and white blinking lights, we tried getting closer to one that was moving towards us. As we got closer and got a decent video of it, a Black military helicopter flew right by us.
(Here is the interesting thing. I called 911, and reported these UFOs in my mmarea. About 30 minutes later the FAA(Federal Ariel Administration) contacted me and began asking me questions about what I was seeing. He talked with the pilot of the helicopter that flew by us, and funny enough the pilot told him he didn't see a thing. We have video of his helicopter in the same frame as the triangle UFO, within a few hundred feet of each other.)

After the black helicopter flew by we moved again to see another triangle UFO fly closer to the ground, like 200 feet above the ground. At this point I ran ahead of my girlfriend and ended up getting separated trying to keep up with the UFO that was flying right over the woods. After watching several other red/white blinking lights fly around in different directions I started trying to follow the ones closer to me to get the best videos I could.

At this point I ran into two guys smoking on their balcony in the apartment complex my girlfriend lives in. They asked me if I saw the UFOs and the flying triangles, I said yes. We even talked about the black helicopter with green lights. A few minutes later another UFO descended and and flew past the woods, so I split from those guys and started chasing it to get a better video, but it was too fast and I just got a couple lights behind the trees.

After running around for near 40 minutes I met back up with my girlfriend. We went inside and stood on her balcony and watched 15+ red/white blinking UFOs in the distance. A few minutes of watching them from a distance a few of them flew over us.

One of the ones that flew over us had 3 red lights in a triangle pattern, and a white light in the back forming a diamond shape. This was the only diamond shape we saw.

My girlfriend started getting cold so she went inside. As I was watching a red/white flashing UFO triangle a mile away, a grey/silver disk about 30ft wide and 15ft high zipped between me and the UFO I was watching. This disk was about 150 feet off the ground and about 100ft away from me. I only caught it for a split second and it didn't have any lights on it.

I got a call from the FAA, but my phone dropped the call mid-conversation. So I called him back on my girlfriends phone. I explained to him everything we witnessed and assured him I'd send him emails with these videos. He said there was a similar case that happened in Reed, Michigan a little earlier, which is why he called me ASAP. As I was talking to him I saw a bright white streak across the sky, about as wide as a basketball at arms-length for a split second. This was unlike a sattelite entering the atmosphere or a shooting star/meteor. I've seen them before and it was unlike anything I'd ever seen.

This is the video from Reed, Michigan, posted on MUFON earlier this night.

http://www.mufoncms.com/files_jeud8334j/64011_submitter_file1__trim.E07B0FD9A61E4F5898B6A20746327C5B.MOV

My girlfriend brought a blanket and binoculars out and we ended up watching the UFOs fly north and south, right past each other. They were about 150ft above/below one another, flying in opposite directions. They did this 3 or 4 times before they flew out of sight.

I noticed a bright white light, the size of an asprin straight across from our balcony, a mile out. At first I thought it was a UFO, but it didn't blink or move, and gave off the same light as a star. My girlfriend convinced me it was a star so after the UFOs stopped showing up we went inside and I started checking out all of the videos. About 30 minutes later I glanced out the window and the star I thought was a UFO was completely gone, as if it had not been there. This was a completely cloudless night by the way.

A few hours later(3am Michigan/Ohio time) I showed the videos to my friend in Ohio over skype. She looked out her window and witnessed 3-4 of the same red/white blinking objects flying in the distance, and one of her friends took a photo of them.
