{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501420","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/420/mufon-5501420.json","updb_database_id":5501420}
{dr}Saw 3 glowing orbs each behind one another fly overhead then speed up till they sped off

I went outside to lock my car and saw some fireworks outside. As I looked up I saw 3 prominent and distinct orange orb like lights. I just stood there in the parking lot looking at them. I noticed that there were 3 independent objects and that they were moving. 2 of them were already past my position but the last of the three flew/drifted right over my head.I actually thought they could be flares or something related to the 4th of July until I realized that they were flying away from me and not floating down toward the ground. I did not hear any sound like a helicopter or airplane. We live pretty close to CVG airport and I see planes all the time. I figured it was to low to be a plane and I didn't hear a helicopter. I tried to take a picture with my cell phone but I have a poor quality phone and I couldn't make anything out in my viewfinder. I noticed they were kind of shimmering but the color did not change. Kind of pulsated possibly but always stayed bright orange. Was certainly not any fireworks. I put my phone away and they actually started moving faster way from me and well. Kind of zoomed off. They were just continuously moving faster until they were out of sight. I hopped into my car to try to set up my position with I-75/I-71 as my apartment complex is right next to north/south I-75/I-71. To my best calculations it was traveling south eat coming from north west the entire time and basically all three whatever they were stayed in a pretty tight line although the were separated and kind of in a row. I was never afraid but rather excited. After I made my thoughts I realized that it had to be a UFO. Not flares (they burn out and drift to the ground), not a plane (made no noise at all), not a helicopter (no noise). I don't think it could have been anything like a meteorite or comet (3 in a row and not streaking in the sky and were moving slow then speed up). Maybe it was a flying RC controlled craft but I mean they were so far stretched apart and eventually traveled really quickly. I don't know. I am just trying to give my understanding and rationalize but I guess that's your guy's job. It would be great to speak to someone further on this. I jotted down some basic info so I could remember the event.
