{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505420","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/420/mufon-5505420.json","updb_database_id":5505420}
{cak} first observed orange flare like globes then twinkling lights then more orange flares like globes then the twinkling lights turned into blinking lights and flew

observed from my balcony on the 7th floor ocean front. approx. 6:30 pm walked out on balcony and observed a series of 3 orange flare like globes in the northeast sky. they were moving like they were being launched from north to south. they lasted for approx. 3-5 seconds and disappeared. there were numerous twinkling star like lights on the east horizon which moved in no apparent pattern. then approx. 15 minutes later there was another launch of orange globes this time directly in front of the condo in the eastern sky. there were a number of globes maybe 7-10 and they disappeared within 3-5 seconds of observation. the twinkling star like lites moved from the eastern horizon to the west overhead. a boat well lit appeared in the northeast and travelled in a southerly direction. approx. 10 minutes passed the was another launch of orange globes in the south eastern sky maybe 6-10 of them disappearing within 3-5 seconds. the twinkling lights disappeared then we observed approx. 8 larger star like lights that moven in a straight line blinking white lites from the south eastern horizon in a westerly direction overhead and continued until the view of the sky was obstructed by the condo building next door. the star like lights were well below the stationary stars overhead and flew two by two without wavering in their pattern. I called the local tv station wpde and reported the lites asking if there was a military operation in the area. the lady I spoke to said she was unaware of any operations and would look into the matter. at this point I started to feel really foolish but I am not the only one that observed this the other person with me insists on remaining anonamous, I would like to know what I did observe. there were no sounds made by the objects.
