{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-01 21:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287420","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/420/mufon-5287420.json","updb_database_id":5287420}
Tracked bright orb/light traveling from the W to the E, came to almost a complete stop, moved laterally to the S SE and continued due SE.

Wow, so I observed a whitish redish orb/light tracking from the W traveling E. Moving faster than anything we have in our area, that is allowed to. I live in between a airport(ORF) and a military airfield(NAS Oceana) I know what planes, commercial and military look like in the day and night. This WAS NOT A PLANE OR HELICOPTER!!
after tracking for about a min or so from the W, it came to almost a complete stop, moved latterly to the S in one movement then continued traveling to the SE at an accelerated rate. Then light just vanished. No sound, no noise. I called for my wife to bring my phone to record, by the time she came out it was gone. There were at minimum I counted 4 commercial aircraft tracking in different directions. 2 traveling from the S to N, 1 from W to E and the other was traveling in a SW to NE. There was a police helicopter not to far away as well. All had navigation lights on and 1 had landing light on the front landing gear. Orb/light had no other identifying lights, nothing flashing, it was just a bright, looked kinda pulsing or shimmering maybe but it was a solid light same color. Total time was less than 5 min from the time I saw it to the time it disappeared. I'm not a pilot, never been in the military, not a hunter. Judging distance that it traveled had to be close to 25-35 miles (I'm guessing, probably further?). It was moving so fast when I first saw it, then stopped, moved, then accelerated faster than anything I have ever seen. My back ground, I am a medically retired Commercial Diver of 15 years in the GOM. My mental and physical health is amazing for my age, 44. I can not explain what I saw. To me a true UFO. I truly wish I had video to back this up, I know you get a ton of reports like this. I have nothing to gain, and am not trying to gain anything from this. This phenomenon that is happening world wide needs to be brought to the public, only way is to report what you see.
