{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3217,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5502469.json","updb_database_id":5502469}
{rjl} Sighting of three UFOs Lake Dallas, 7-7-79

JUly 7, 1979 - My girlfriend and were leaving a friends' house In Lake Dallas, going south on Hwy 35 towards just north of Dallas, going my girlfriend's place in Dallas. It was about 11:00 - 11:30 PM on 7-7-79. Suddenly my sports car started sputtering - losing power and slowing way down. Which was weird because I had just given it a tune-up and it was running grew. I said to my girlfriend - "Oh crap!"  She said - "I 'm not so worried about the car right now - look up there, to the left." So, I did. There were three objects in the sky, about 1/2 to a 1/4 mile away. They were as big as 727 airplanes. 

They were big, sleek, beautiful white crafts with some very bright blueish - white lights shooting forward and downward. The three crafts were identical in design and size. Even though I had the accelerator pedal smashed to the floor, my car kept slowing down - and - this is really weird - my tachometer was going from 0 to the redline -back and forth - bouncing very quickly. This struck me as bizarre because by that point I had pulled over and the car was idling just fine. Then, as the three crafts got closer to us, the engine stopped running - like someone turned the ignition off. My girlfriend and I stepped out of the car and the three crafts flew right over our heads. Our knees were shaking. 

How high above us were they? Well, I would liken it to being at a road right next to an airport, watching panes take off. They could have been an 1/8th of a mile above our heads - they were pretty close. And they seemed to defy gravity. Also, there was a subtle "whoosh" sound. Well, "whoosh" may not be the right word. "Pssssssssss", like a whisper. It was a very subtle sound. 

So, as we are standing there, terrified, and then suddenly a sense of calm came over both of us. Then, as they right above our heads and went over the highway, to our right, they did this little "up-and-down" kind of "happy dance" - like they were playing - or maybe showing off. Seconds later- they were gone. They were gone so quickly that we could not believe it. Just like that - gone. 

Afterwards we were both very shaken. Driving back into Dallas we did not even speak to each other until we got back to her place. Then, we talked about it and did drawings to show each other. We saw exactly the same thing. Thank God someone was there with me to witness that, because I may have felt that I had lost my mind. I sure wish we would have had a camera with us.
