{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-01 01:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31377","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2673,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5524469.json","updb_database_id":5524469}
8 45 degree turns, extraordinary speed, color changes, and disappeared.

Standing on porch in Rockbridge County, VA, clear night. Enjoying night sky with a group of four (4) friends. Looking into the sky, say what appeared to be a satellite appear over treeline in the horizon. After realizing that first craft was probably a satellite, due to flashing lights combined with increasing altitude and accelerating with tremendous velocity. However, after the satellite left, a large, white, spheroid appeared in the opposite side of the sky. The object was a solid white with a smoky gray core, lights did not flicker and remained constant. The UFO ascended, took a series of 8 45 degree turns, first to my right, then left, alternating in that fashion. After that, it went across the sky, hovered directly overhead at an altitude of approximately 2500ft, then took off, to my right. The lights changed from white to reddish-orange, then to a dark red before completely vanishing from sight from all of my party. Note that in the airspace in which the UFO became impossible to see, the sky was exceptionally clear and also it did not "hide" behind cloud cover, or any sort of terrestrial interference. A short period of time later, approximately 2 and a half minutes, a total of 14 aircraft entered into my field of view, from many different directions, seemingly analyzing the domain. However, the red light reappeared, with no signs of its origin, changed to white once again, and started towards the point in the sky marked by the milky way. A jet changed course and seemed as if trying to intercept the craft. The UFO descended, slowed, then quickly darted towards the jet. After a very close encounter between the two objects, the jet preformed a 180 degree turned and went back to where it came from, as well as did at least 3 other aircraft in the area. The UFO then moved in a spiral, gaining approximately 1/16th of its original radius per revolution, clockwise, for a full 4 turns, then once again, changed color; however, this time it darkened, and faded into the darkness of the sky.
