{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-22 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26052","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5529469.json","updb_database_id":5529469}
Four silent glowing orbs of bright light amber traveling over Padilla bay

My wife and I were sitting in our living room which has a lot of frontal and overhead glass. It was dark outside, about 8:20 pm. I was at my computer, which faces the windows. My wife was watching TV which sits in front of the big bank of windows. She said "what is that?", and I looked up to see the bright lights approaching from the South. They were spherical balls of light with a steady non-blinking glow of very bright yellow to amber. They came at first in two sets of two, at what seemed a normal altitude for average civilian aircraft in this airspace. There is a small airport, (Skagit Regional Airport), nearby. A military airbase, (Naval Air Station Whidbey Island), is nearby. We frequently see and hear aircraft. Military FA18, and EA6B aircraft often, and sometimes heavy transports. Small and large commercial jet aircraft, and light civilian aircraft come and go over our home. In addition we see helicopter life flight medical airlift activity between Bellingham to the North and Seattle to the South. Search helicopters work the bay and beaches several times a year as boaters, hunters, and commercial fishermen go missing. These objects appeared different than any of the familiar aircraft. We quickly stepped outside onto our West facing deck as the appearance of the objects was strange. They had no blinking navigation lights nor any form of visible landing or search lights. I expected to hear engines, and at first actually thought perhaps they would turn out to be helicopters. when we stepped out the door we both immediately realized there was no sound and there were none of the usual blinking lights seen on all other aircraft.  These bright glowing orbs, or round lights were in the neighborhood of four times as large to our perception as the brightest refinery light across the bay. They moved steadily and smoothly with no erratic maneuvering, coming straight up from the South, and then one by one curving off to the West and NW, and then gradually diminishing in brightness, as we thought they were gradually obscured by the cloud cover. The level of visibility decreased faster after the turn to the WNW. than the increase in brightness as they moved toward us from the South. They might have also been climbing in altitude as they moved away.. It was calm outside with little or no breeze, no rain, a certain amount of reflected light in the sky from the refineries and the city of Anacortes across the bay reflecting off a high cloud cover. I said "Get the binoculars", and then went to grab our digital camera. It seemed strange and unreal, I was excited, and fumbled as I tried to take a picture. The exposure was too slow. I gave the camera to my wife, as she had some experience taking movies. I used the binoculars to view the second set of two objects directly in front and above to the West of us as the first two objects each turned out to the West and gradually vanished, seemingly into the high cloud cover. My wife managed a fleeting capture of one or more of the glowing lights at the beginning and end of her filming attempt. Very poor and short glimpses of light. I could only see bright intense yellow and amber light through the binoculars. The third glowing light turned away to the NorthWest and gradually vanished. Our neighbor close by to the North came out on his deck in time to see the last of the objects . He went to get a spotting scope, but the last of the glowing lights was gone when he returned. It had turned away to the NW toward the Georgia Straight and also gradually vanished, seemingly into the cloud cover. A few minutes after the sighting we heard and observed a commercial jet aircraft as it flew out to the NW. and then turned toward Bellingham . This craft did not disappear into the cloud cover. Making us think the objects we had seen could have been bigger and higher than we had at first thought The whole sighting lasted no more than a couple of minutes, if that. We acknowledged to each other, and the neighbor that what we had seen could only be classified as UFO phenomena. We decided that we should make some kind of report. I had heard of MUFON and looked up the sight on line, and this is my report.
*(Wit's name removed--CMS/sg) 10:20 pm, 10/22/10
