{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-14 03:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63967","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5495469.json","updb_database_id":5495469}
i was with my dog when strange lights appeard

i am currently living in the street, and i stay awake most of the nights and sleep by day at some friends houses.
i was at a place, a verry chill and calm park, called Ginjal, a place i go a lot, with my dog, i was eating a pack of chips and drinking a 7up, and started to play "fetch the stick" with my dog.
after an hour or so, my dog started to behave stranged, and was constantly sitting at the entrance of the park, shaking, with his tail in the middle of his legs.
i grab him, and went to the grass petting him in my lap, when i saw a triangular shapped object comming down perfectly, with 5 lights, one in the, i will call it, front, and 4 in the back, pointing down to the River Tejo, and in that point i got static, just couldnt move or even think, i was only abble to look, i think i freeze with what i saw.
i was about 500 meters maybe more, and could see 3 dark body shappes, with a big and fat rugby ball shapped head, and the most shinning eyes.
at that point my dog urinated in my lap and contiued shaking, when suddently he released some agressive bargings and started to run away, i remember that the bargings "awaken" me and i looked at my dog, and back to the triangular shapped object that had the lights of and was standign perfectly in the whater.
at that point i see one of the dark bodies moving and a blue light is pointed from one point of the park to the other, and everything just turned transparent with geometric lines inside, that i associated to flower of life and metatron geometry
all the colors were there, but i was able to see thru everything, i recal looking down to the floor and see an huge deepness, and at that point i start to feel a big anxiety, and started sweating, and i just started runing, i didnt even remebered my dog!
i runned for like 2 minutes, and looked back, to see that the triangular shapped object had the 5 lights back on, and was in the middle of his "take off" and it went up into the sky, takingof ina ZigZag manner.
at that point i realized that the material was no longer transparent and the geometric lines were gone.
i found my dog latter that morning, at my ex-girlfrids door (i still go there to hang out with his brother)
at that afternoon, i went back there with my ex-gf brother and told him what happend, i dont know if it had something to do with that or not but we saw some dead mullets and gellyfish, and actually took one and putt it in a jar with ethanol, we called it mullET.
