{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-14 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4007,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5510469.json","updb_database_id":5510469}
{cak} Black Triangle, direct slow moving path due north, corners glowed with dim white light

On the night of 5/14/2013, between 2045 and 2100 central time, I opened my front door to let my dog outside. I followed her, and just like always, I happened to look up into the sky. There it was, moving swiftly and silently, directly over my home.

My first thought was that it was some type of drone aircraft, then I immediately realized I heard no sound. What truly caught and kept my attention was the lighted tips of the object, which formed a perfect triangle. Also, the lights were not very bright, however they were white (non-colored). All three lights seemed to radiate at the same intensity, and the best way I can describe it is as if a dimmer light switch is adjusted to about 70%.

Another thing struck me as interesting is that it was flying in a "skewed" position. Let me try to describe. If you imagine an airplane, with a light at the nose and a light at the end of each wing, the light at the nose will always be in the lead, and the wing lights will always stay equidistant in their position, and uniform as the plane moves forward. The same would be true if there was no light on the nose, but two lights at the tips of the wing and one on the tail. From a view on the ground, the flat side with the two lights at the tips/edges would be moving forward (in the lead), followed by the light at the tail. 

This object flew forward as if it was turned at about 30 degrees off the center axis, so I could not tell what was in the "lead". It only kept its uniform, steady shape as it flew. 

This entire sighting lasted approximately 10 seconds. Of course, I had no camera with me, and I did run in and inform my wife of what I saw, and unfortunately there were no other witnesses. 

I have always had a historical fascination with "stuff" like this. I had read enough non fiction about such instances to know that black triangles and the "cigar" shaped crafts are some of the most recognized shapes that have been recorded. So, I knew exactly what it was when I saw it. 

Shape: What I saw was most closely described as what you have in this link as Fig 5. First version of tip lights illustration. The tips definitely seemed a little rounded, not pointed.

Speed: well, I could not judge the speed but it seemed to be moving swiftly for the sighting to only last for about 10 seconds, especially from the point of view I had. 

Size: If you take a silver dollar out of your pocket and hold it between your index finger and thumb, and then extend your arm above you and look at the flat side of the coin, that is approximately how large the object appeared from my ground perspective. I have read that some witnesses state that these things are very, very large. Well, if they are, then from my view (size of a silver dollar), it was fairly high up.

Other features: Some articles I have seen reference a light (red) in the center of the underside of the craft. There were no other lights visible on the object that I saw.

Direction: I found my home on Google Maps and judging by its direction, it was traveling due north. If you continue due north from Franklin TN, you will pass by the western edge of the city limits of Nashville.

I hope this helps for your records. Again, I never thought I would be reporting anything such as this, so this has truly been a fun exercise.
