{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-10-10 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83771","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5476469.json","updb_database_id":5476469}
{cak} I was out in the pasture east of my house when a very large dull black triangle glided slowly over the top of me at very low altitude.

This is a second encounter I had awhile after witnessing a disc at another location around 5 miles southeast.I'm going to guess it happened in "91 or "92. I must have been around 23 at the time. This was also in Wayne County. It was on the family farm. I was back in the pasture approximately a half mile from my house. I can't rememer if I was hunting or back checking cows but I do remember almost exactly where I was standing 1at the time though.1It is kind of an isolated spot along a creek bottom.
It was in the middle of a clear day. Then all of a sudden it seemed to get dark like a storm cloud had moved overhead. I instinctively looked up to see if a storm was moving in. I looked up just in time to see a vast blackness that seemed to be coming down on top of me. It seemed like everything kind of went black for just a moment. Then directly above me, perhaps 100ft or more in the sky was an enormous black triangle. This thing was huge. I don't know, maybe the size of 1 or 2 football fields. It was unreal. At each corner of the triangle were large, perfectly round circles that were what I would describe as bright pumpkin orange. I thought to myself "What in God's name is that?"
It moved east very slowly over the top of me. It seemed to glide. It was so large that it took several minutes to pass over me. It was a dull black color. I could see no seams, bolts, welds, etc. I don't recall any distinguishing markings. It continued east for a short distance and then seemed to simply vanish from sight.1
I was pretty shaken by this and went to my parents house and told my Mother what I saw. She said it must have been an airplane. I insisted that this was not an airplane. 
I realized this was just too much for her to process. So I simply replied "Yeah I don't know what it was. I've never seen anything like it. I wish I could have taken a picture." I never spoke of it again.
