{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-22 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5458469.json","updb_database_id":5458469}
{rjl} Brilliant Silver Sphere above our Condo

On a random morning, i went outside to smoke a cigarette, and as it was beautiful everyday there, i was looking up into the blue sky and marveled at the fact that there wasnt a cloud in the sky. Coming from VT, this was a not-so-common weather experience. As i looked at the sky, i turned around and as i was looking up stil, i noticed a very clear and bright metallic sphere of some type. AS far as the details of its height, distance and its actual size, or angle etc, it was directly above me, and was well over a hundred feet above and to the left of the door to my condo. I was confused and stared at it but it was reflectiing direct sunlight, so it appeared like a chrome ball, and it was bright enough outside to see that it appeared to sparkle somewhat. I couldnt believe what i was seeing, and walked 5 feet over to my neighbors door, and knowcked on it. She was a nurse at the Tempe medical center, and we had met once when we first moved in. I never talked to her after that, until this particular day. I now realie that i was somewhat excited and confused, and knocked on her door long enough for her to open the door, in her Robe. SHe said hi and i immediately said i was sory to bother her, but i wanted to make sure i wasnt seeing things. SHe said "how are you" somewhat confused. I said "sorry to bother you but. .. do you see this thing up here?" She looks out the door and upwards to where i was pointing. THen she said " What is that?" and i replied " i was wondering the same thing, i just wanted to make sure that you could see it as well and that im not imagining this". "well its not moving, what is it?" she asked, and we stood there confused for about 5 to 10 minutes as it seemed looking at it, waiting for it to do something, move, etc. It remained in the same place and did not move. As i and her couldnt make anything of it, she said she was getting ready for work and i then went back inside. 2 hours later it was still there. We drove into downtown Phoenix and went about the rest of our day. But i do reflect on it, and the fact that it made no sense, and that it was not significant enough to stop the day. But i do know, that if this object were on the ground, it wouldve been very large. As Phoenix has massive thermal currents in the air, it is not uncommon to see plastic bags and other light-weighted trash objects to be elevated to hundreds of feet into the air, this SPhere or Ball, could easily be seen and i kind of had a good idea of how high it was. My Girlfriend thought it was strange, but she was from England, and her family had seen mulitple UFO's throughout her childhood. I however, thought it was pretty interesting and that is why i decided to post this info for the first time in my life. There was no camera-phone at the time, and i wasnt thinking about taking photos as i was completely distracted. Now i wish i had taken photos of it, although what i would do with them, or what purpose did they serve, was inconsequential to me at the time, and still is today. Take from this what you can, because it did occur, and was directly visible and acknowledged between 3 people. The date and time of the event is not directly accurate, as it was almost 22 years ago, and im not sure what "Angle" it was at or which direction it was intending to travel because it was stationary. Whatever it was had no concern of whether or not it was hidden apparently. I apologize if this lacks a photo or video.
