{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-02 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501469","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/469/mufon-5501469.json","updb_database_id":5501469}
{dr}Reddish orange at first starlike light in the sky, mainly red towards the end, very strong light, could see through clouds.

Walking to a friend's apt. with my dog. Looked up in the sky and thought it was a plane with bright red lights, then thought it was a plane on fire. Once I realized it was neither of them I thought it may be Mars the red planet because the starlike object in the sky gave off a red hue. I was perplexed by this object so I kept watching it as I walked down the road. Since I was walking I couldn't tell if it was moving so I stopped to see if it was moving. After stopping I realized it was stationary just up in the sky in the north east part of the sky at about 65 to 701 off the horizon. There were clouds that moved quickly across the sky towards the north and you could see this red light through those clouds, it was that bright. I watched this light for about 12 minutes and when I met up with my friend I told her to look up in the sky and see this and right as she started looking up in the sky the light went away. It just disappeared, didn't move, didn't blink, didn't flash, just dissolved. It was very weird. I continued to walk around my complex for about the next hour and it was a gorgeous night with stars out everywhere and that light was nowhere to be seen in the same area of the sky, it was just gone. 

When I was a kid I had the opportunity to see two UFOs. Both separate incidences, one when I was about 8 and the other when I was about 11. Both UFOs were very different. I don't talk about it much because I think people would view me as crazy if I talked about it. My point in telling this is that I believe in UFOs and I know what I saw last night was very strange. Although I didn't see an object itself it was just a light in the sky, I know that what I saw was nothing man made nor could anyone explain what it was. 

I thought it was really strange that when another person have the opportunity to view it, such as my friend, it dissolved immediately upon her looking up in the sky. Weird.
