Case No. 1172 29072020

Date: July 29, 2020.

Approximate Time: 03:00 local time.

Weather: N/A

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: M. M., 25 years old.

Description: Mr. M. M. reported the presence of a humanoid next to his bed at 03:00 (HL) on Wednesday, July 29, 2020. He indicated that this would have occurred at his residence located in the city of Valparaíso, in the same-named region. He explained that the weather conditions were of heavy cloudiness. He described the
Reported as being 1 meter tall, without indicating shape or coloration,
but they "are like us taller and thinner."

He ended his account in terms of: "I was looking out the window on
the side of my bed when I got back in bed with my wife and my daughter
something was standing on the side of my place in the bed it looked at
me it was something strange a very strange feeling communicated with
me but it was as if it spoke to me telepathically I only remember that
it said it would communicate with me again very
"I have been frightened lately, and I know what I experienced is real
because I believe it is real."

At the instructions of Hugo Camus P., Director of CEFAA, independent advice from a psychiatrist was sought.
The advising psychiatrist reported that, while he was only able to communicate with the user's direct family, the user does not seem interested in receiving help to investigate what happened to him.

Images: Evidence media were requested from the informant on July 29 and 30, and August 3, 2020, with no response from the user.
In these instances, it was requested to provide audiovisual evidence or a drawing of what was reported, along with asking if there was anyone else who could testify to other details of what happened.

Conclusion: Case closed according to Chapter 1 of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Investigation Timelines, Receipt of Background Information, Executive Report Preparation, and CEFAA Report Archiving, as it was not due to a situation associated with the safety of air operations.

Case classified as "False" according to Chapter 4 of the ...
Previously mentioned document.
