{"created_utc": "2026-09-11T03:56:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 226898, "source_ctime_ns": 1788416836650200695, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/147873183/42-t-7585721-20060476F-001-004-2013.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785564255660000000, "source_rel": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/147873183/42-t-7585721-20060476F-001-004-2013.pdf", "source_sha256": "0e6039c47b9b71c6cd773ddc1ebede373bcbd025a09db8b0065fb59c4508a17e"}

Exchange Mail


DATE-TIME               - 8/28/98 1:37:51 PM
FROM                     Wozniak, Natalie S.
CLASSIFICATION           UNCLASSIFIED
SURJECT                  RBTP and First Lady at the Lighting of the City Christmas Tree Belfast City
                         Hall
                         Belfast Northern Ireland.doc [UNCLASSIFIED]
TO                       Hachigian, Nina L.


CARBON COPY              Budig, Nyda N
                         Crowley, Philip 1.
                         Wozniak, Natalie S.


TEXT BODY

TRANSLATED ATTACHMENT
                         and First Lady at the Lighting of the City Christmas Tree Belfast City Hall
                         Belfast Northern Ireland .doc


                         THE WHITE HOUSE

                         Office of the Press Secretary" (Belfast, Northern Ireland)

                         ------------------------------------ For Immediate Release
                         November 30, 1995


                          REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT AND THE FIRST LADY AT THE
                          LIGHTING OF THE CITY
                        . CHRISTMAS TREE


                         Belfast City Hall Belfast, Northern Ireland


                         7:36 P.M. (L)


                         MRS. CLINTON: Thank you very much, Lord Mayor. And thank all of you.
                         (Applause.) Tonight is a night fill~d with hope and peace. And for those of us

                         gathered here throughout Northern Ireland and around the world, often it is
                         our
- children who offer us the clearest and purest reasons why peace and why this
  peace 'process is so important.                        ­

In a national-competition, asking students to share their hopes for a peaceful
Northern Ireland in letters to my husband, two students whom you see here
tonight, Cathy Harte and Mark Lennox won the top prize. We will be
privilege to ,
have them in America.at summer camp this coming summer. Tonight-it is my

 privilege to read excerpts from their letters.

 This is what Cathy said: "My name is Cathy Harte-and I am a 12-year-old
 Catholic girl. I live in Belfast in Northern Ireland, and I love it here. It's
 green, it's beautiful, and, well; it's Ireland." (Applause.) "All my life, I
 have only known guns and bombs with people fighting. Now, it is different.
 There
 are no guns and bombs.1I'

 Cathy continues: "My dreams for the future, well, I have a lot of them.
 Hopefully, the peace will be permanent; that one day Catholics and
 Protestants                                                  .
 will be able to walk hand-in-hand and will be able to live in the same areas."
 (Applause.) "Catholics, Protestants, black or 'white, it is the person inside that
 counts." (Applause.) "What I hope," said Cathy, "is that when I have my own
 children that there will still be peace and that Belfast will be a peaceful place
 from now on." Thank you, Cathy. (Applause.)

-Mark Lennox is the same age as our daughter, 15. And he explains in his
 letter                         ­
 the simple hows of achieving peace. And this is what he says: "I am a
'15-:year-old schoolboy from Glengormley High School. I am very pleased
 about the                    ­
 chance of permanent peace in Northerri Ireland and the. chances of living in a
 secure atmosphere.                                                            '

 "If Northern Ireland is to have a future, then we must all learn to live with .
 eachother in a more tolerant way. Also, we must all work hard for peace and
 make a real effort. We will have to change our ideas and work for change.
 Change must mean changing our own understanding of each other. We must
 learn _
 together and know more about our different traditions.


 Some people warit to destroy peace and the peace process in Northern
 Ireland."
 And Mark says, !'We must not allow this to happen." (Applause.)

 As the Lord Mayor said, in a moment the Christmas tree will be lit as
 Christmas
  trees will be lit all over the world in the days to come. This Christmas let us
  remember the reason behind why we light Christmas trees. Let us remember
  the
  reason for this grea:t holiday celebration. And let us remember that we seek
  peace most of all for our children. May this be one of many, many happy and
  peaceful Christmases in Northern Ireland this year and for many years to
  come .
. (Applause.) And may God keep you and bless you and hold all of you in the
  p~m                                                                   .
  of His hand: Thank you and God bless you ..

(Applause.) .

LORD MAYOR: Now, ladies and gentlemen, we have a duty to do tonight.
And that                     '
is we're going to ask the President to turn the lights on. But you and I have
s'omethirig to do. We have to count down, 10 down to zero. So we want the
count,
10, 9 -- slowly please, so that when the President gets ready I'll give you the
okay and, then we will have the countdown.

(The Christmas tree is lit.) THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
(Applause.) To the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress, let me begin by saying
to all                '
of you, Hillary and I thank you from the bottom of our hearts for making us
feel
so very, very welcome in Belfast and Northern Ireland. (Applause.) We thank

you, Lord Mayor, for your cooperation and your help in making this trip so
successful, and we trust that, for all of you, we haven't inconvenienced you
~o                                 .
much. But this has been a wonderful way for us to begin the Christmas
holidays.
(Applause.)

Let m:~ also say I understood just what an honor it was to be able to turn on
this Christmas tree when I realized the competition. (Laughter.) Now, to
become             ,                                                     '
Preside,nt of the United States you have to undertake some considerable
competition. But I have never confronted challengers with the name
recognition, .
the understanding of the media and the ability in the martial arts of the
Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers. (Applause.)

To all of you whose support enabled me to join you tonight and turn the
Christmas tree on, I give you my heartfelt thanks. (Applause~) I know here in
Belfast you've been lighting the Christmas tree for more than 20 years. But
this
year must be especially joyous to you, for you are entering your second
 Christmas
 of peace. (Applause.)

As I look down these beautiful streets, I think how wonderful it will be for
people to do their holiday shopping without worry of searches or bombs; to
visit                                                             .
loved ones on the other side of the border without the burden of checkpoints
or
roadblocks; to enjoy these magnificent Christmas lights without any fear of
violence. Peace has brought real change to your lives.

  Across the ocean, the Al11 erican people are rejoicing with you. We are joined
  to
  you by strong ties of community and commerce and culture. Over the years
  men and
· women of both traditions have flourished in our country and ~elped America
  to
  flourish.

  And today, of course, we are forging new and special bonds. Belfast's sister
  city in the United States, Nashville, Tennessee, was proud to send this
  Christmas'                              .
  tree to friends across the Atlantic. I want to thank the most prominent present
  resident of Nashville, Tennessee, Vice President Al Gore, the Mayor, Phil
· Bredesen, and the United States Air Force for getting this big tree all the way
  across the Atlantic to be here with you tonight. (Applause.)

 In this 50th anniversary year of the end of World War II, many Americans
 still
 remember the warmth the peopie of Northern Ireland showed them when the.
 army was
 stationed here under General Eisenhower. The people of Belfast mim,ed
 General
 Eisenhower an honorary burgess of the city. He viewed that honor, and I
 quote,                                                         ,
 "as a token of our commonjmrpose to work together for a better ~orld." That

  mission endures today. We remain Americans and as people of Northern
  Ireland,                                            .
  partners for security, partners for prosperity and, most important, partners for
· peace. (Applause.)

 Two years ago, at this very' spot, tens of thousands of you took part in a day
 for peace, as a response to' some of the worst violence Northern Ireland had
 known
 in recent years. The two morning papers, representing both traditions,
 sponsored
 a telephone poll for peace that generated almost 160,000 calls. In the United
 States, for my fellow Americans who are here, that would be the equivalent
 of25
 million calls.

 The response left no doubt that all across Northern Ireland the desire for
 peace
 was becoming a demand. I am honored to announce today that those same
 two
 newspapers, the Newsletter and the Irish News, have established the
 President's
 Prize, an annual award to those at the grass-roots level who have contributed
 inost to peace and reconciliation. The honorees will travel to the United
 States
 to exchange experiences on the issues we share, including community
 relations and
 conflict resolution. We have a lot to learn from on another. The President's
 Prize will underscore that Northern Ireland's two traditions have a common
 interest in peace. .

 As you know -- and as the First Lady 'said -- I have received thousands of
 letter·s from school children all over your remarkable land telling me what
 peace
 means to them. They poured in from villages and cities, from Catholic and
 Protestant communities, from mixed schools, primary schools, from schools
 for.·
 children with special needs. All the letters in their own way were truly
 wonderful for their honesty, their simple ·wisdom and their passion. Many of
.~         -                          .     '                      .
 children showed tremendous pride in their homeland, in its beauty and its true

 nature. I congratulate the winners. They were wonderful and I loved hearing
 their letters.

 But let me tell you about another couple I received. Eleven-year-old Keith
 from
 Carrickfergus wrote: "Please tell everyone in America that we're not always
 fighting here, and that it's only a small number of people who make the
 trouble."                                         .
 Like many of the children, Keith did not identify himself as Protestant or
 Catholic, and did not distinguish between the sources ofthe violence.

 So many children told me of loved ones they have lost, of lives disrupted and
 opportunities. forsaken and families forced to move. Yet, they showed
 remarkable                                                            .
 courage and strength and a commitment t~ overcome the past. As 14-year-old

  Sharon of County Armagh wrote: "Both sides have been hurt. Both sides
  must
. forgive."

 Despite the extraordinary hardships so many of these children have faced,
 their
.

    letters were full ofh6pe and love and humor. To al,l of you who took the time
    ~               .          .                                                 .

    write me, you've brightened my holiday season with your wqrds of faith and
    courage, and I thank you. To all of you who asked me to do what I could to
    ~~        ,                                        .
    peace take root, I pledge you America's support. We will stand with you as
    you            ,
    take risks for peace., (Applause.)

    And to all of you who have not lost your sense of humor, ~ say thank you.> I .
    got
    a.letter from 13-year-old Ryan from Belfast. Now, Ryan, if you're out in the
    crowd tonight, here's the answer' to your question. No, as far as I know, an
    alien spacecraft did not crash in Roswell, New Mexico, in 1947. (Laughter.)
    And, Ryan, if the United States Air Force did recover alien bodies, they didn't

    tell me about it, either, and I want to know. (Applause.)

    Ladies and gentlemen, this day that Hillary and I have had here. in Belfast and

    in Derry and Londonderry County will long be with us -- (applause) .-- as one
    of      '
    the most remarkable days of our lives. I leave you with these thoughts. May
    the
    Christmas spirit of peace and goodwill floutish and grow in you. May you
    remember the words of the Lord Mayor: "This is Christmas; We celebrate the

    world in a new way because of the birth of Emmanuel; God with us." And
    when God
    was with us, he said no words more important than these: "Blessed are the
    peacemakers, for they shall inherit the Earth." (Applause.)

    Merry, Christmas, and God bless you all. (Applause.)

    END

    7:53 P.M. (L)
