{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3943,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5493904.json","updb_database_id":5493904}
{rjl} observation of a large rectangular silhouette stationary with respect to the setting sun that was far too large to be an airplane or other conventional craft

My wife and kids and I were watching the sun set from a road out in the country side with a very nice view of the setting sun approximately at dusk looking across an open flat field. My wife and I both caught the silhouette of an opaque rectangular object against the sun. The object's ratio was approximately twice as long as it was tall or high. At first, we thought it was an airplane or blimp. We live close to the Air Force Base that commonly has C-5 Gallaxy cargo planes traveling to the west. We have never seen a blimp in this area, but from the size of the object, a blimp at the right distance could have been large enough, although not the right shape. This was far more angular than a classic blimp shape. The fact that it completely blocked out the sun and while observing it, did not appear to be moving at all with respect to the sun. We expected to see its position change with respect to the sun, but for the twenty minutes, or so, that we observed it, that never happened. Its appearent size did not increase or decrease with time either as you would expect with an object such as an airplane that is either directly receeding from or heading streight at you. The object's appearent size was approximately the size of a tic-tac held 12-18" in front of your face, buit more rectangular than rounded and as stated previously, was completely black against the sun without any indication of lights, wings, fins, langing gear, engines, or any other common aerospace vehicle features. The object's position with respect to the sun was centrally located with a slight position to the east north-east quadrant of the sun. During observation, its position against the sun did not change even as the sun was setting. 
My wife suggested that we travel to a different road to get a better view. We got back in the car and moved about five miles and got out and observed it again as having the same relative size, shape and orientaiton with respect to the sun. The sun was approximately 5 degrees over the horizon and I was now convinced that this was not a normal sight. I tried to get a picture fo the object with the phone's camera, but couldn't get the camera to focus on the object against the sun. I'm nit sure if the camera lens was smudged or wasn't able to resolve the image against the direct sun. Within thirty seconds, the sun had fully dropped below the horizon and the object was not longer visible. I now regret not having taken a video or a picture. 
In my opinion, I do not think the object was in the earth's atmosphere. If it was, its motion would to have been such that its appearent size did not change for twenty minutes and was moving in such a way to stay perfectly synchronized with the position of the sun from our vantage point. I believe that it was an extremely large object closer to the sun than the earth. I do not believe that this could have possibly been an airplane. I would be very interested to know if anyone else had observed the object and thier estimation of the size, shape, motion, and position. A secondary viewpoint would help to identify the size and distance via triangulation and verify what we observed. This was a very unusual object.
