{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-10-29 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":21803,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5455904.json","updb_database_id":5455904}
{rjl} I wrote my UFO experience like a book, it is completely true. The Forest Park Incident of October 1976

The Forest Park Incident of October 1976 

Written by [name removed/cms/rjl] Original writing 1988. Edited 2020. 



It was a Friday afternoon on a clear fall day and the Springfield Technical High school’s dismissal bell had rung only moments before. I waited by Jim’s 1968 Buick wildcat to catch a ride home like I usually do. As far as I can remember. The day was uneventful before our extraordinary experience in Forest Park. Although, as the years go by I Can’t recall all the details leading up to this day in late October of 1976, but I assure you that the story I am about to unfold is as vivid in my memory as if it happened yesterday and it is as true as the earth revolves around the sun. 
Jim always kept his car in tiptop shape, it’s yellow paint glistening in the sunlight. Having anticipated a two -day escape from school, I was getting antsy waiting for his arrival. When Jim did show up a few minutes later, we decided to take a ride to our favorite hang out at Forest Park in Springfield Massachusetts. The park at the time was in a very good neighborhood. We would sometimes have other friends come along with us, but unfortunately for me this day it was just the two of us. 
The ride to the park was typical with us listening to Jim’s 8-Track player blasting out Richie Blackmore‘s Rainbow Rising album on the outstanding Jensen Triaxial speakers that were mounted in wooden boxes he made that had extra wire so you can put them on the roof of the car for our enjoyment and to the annoyance of all others. 
We drove through the park passed the ballfields and the flower gardens on the Left, passed the three way intersection, through the stop sign and straight ahead going downhill and to the right which brought us out to where Porter lake is on the left-hand (east) side and a smaller lake to the west. We pulled into the parking lot that was parallel to this westerly secondary lake. There were no other cars in the parking lot, so we parked just about in the Center of the parking lot. With Porter lake to our left and interstate I-91 and the Connecticut River to are right (east) about a half a mile away. 
While listening to rock ‘n’ roll and smoking marijuana (Which at the time was illegal In the State of Massachusetts where we reside). We were just carrying on a conversation on matters of which I do not remember when I glanced over to the right out the car window to see what looked like too bright headlights in the sky. They looked like landing lights on an airplane that was on final approach. The lights were at low altitude (1000 ft or so) and moving towards us from the west about a half a mile away over I- 91 and the Connecticut River. Dismissing what I saw as nothing more than an airplane, I return to what we were doing. After about 30 seconds or so I looked back in the direction of the plane only to see it moved closer by a quarter mile or so and it seem to be very slow and low. I turned back to Jim and said “Look! See that plane? Jim said “Yes, It is isn’t it?” When I looked again, which was only a few seconds later, the plane at that very moment took a sharp turn to my right (North) and it disappeared behind some pine trees. As it veered off to the right, I caught a glimpse of something metallic. I said to Jim “Must be an airplane” and went back to our conversation. 
Time pass by with Rock ‘n’ roll playing in the 8-Track player and aimlessly talking. We are feeling hungry and it was getting dark, so we decided to get moving. Heading west out of the parking lot in the direction of the Connecticut River and I-91 there is a stop sign at the end of the parking lot. We took a sharp right turn at the stop sign onto the main road of the park which lead up a pretty steep hill back towards that three-way intersection at the top of the hill. While traveling up the hill I noticed those two bright headlights again, but this time they were very high in the sky at our 11 o’clock position and around 10,000 feet or so. The object was moving left to right (north to south). I excitedly looked at Jim and said “Hey, there’s that plane with the two headlights again.” “What, where?" Jim asked. Pointing my finger at it, I said “Right up there, see it?” “Yeah, I do!“ Jim replied. Right then the object started to descend from its altitude of 10,000 feet in a fashion I would have to describe as like a staircase traveling from north to south. As we watch the object making turns at 90° angles and making those turns beyond what could be humanly possible, I had to blink my eyes and shake my head to make sure I was actually seeing this happen. Keep in mind that Jim is still driving the car at about 25 mph. In the same amount of time that the object had dropped from an altitude of 10,000 feet down to our eye level, which at our position on top of the hill puts us at about 60 feet to 100 feet above Porter Lake. Placing the object at the eastern tip of Porter Lake near Camp Seco, where I spent a few of my youthful summers and day camp. The object dropped from 10,000 feet in a ladder pattern to eye level in the time it took the car to travel about the distance of a football field at 25 mph. Now, it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out, this aircraft was not of this world. I don’t know about you, but I don’t know of any living or man-made thing they can do what I saw in the amount of time that I saw it in. Before this very day, I would not believe anyone who would have told a similar tail. I didn’t believe, nor did I ever think I would believe in UFOs or people who told UFOs stories. I would’ve laughed in their faces! I also said that I would run right up to a UFO and greet whatever was inside and shake their hands....or whatever they had. Well the joke was on me, and I was scared half to death! 
“Stop the car!” I said the Jim. The car came to a stop about 100 feet from a hairpin left-hand turn in the road that would lead us away from Porter Lake. we got out of the car. Jim came around the front of the car to where I was standing by the passenger door. We watched in stunned silence as this object slowly traversed the length of Porter lake at our altitude and coming our way! “Jim, what the hell is it, do you see it?” I asked excitedly! “I don’t know, yes!” He responded. Still moving steadily towards us, our voices were getting more and more excited. 
A few seconds of past when the two headlights faded into one, then to none as a new light pattern appeared before our eyes."What? Hey! Jesus!” Jim said frantically. “Damn! What do you see?” I asked Jim with the pitch of my voice climbing. My voice near cracking now, I was now asking Jim questions at rapid fire! What do you see? No answer from Jim. What colors do you see? “I don’t know” he replied. My voice climbing even higher, I ask another question. “What colors do you see?” Jim was almost in a state of shock and said “I don’t know “. The next questions were like trying to pull teeth from Jim. Prodding him along to verify what I was witnessing myself, I asked Jim “Do you see red, white, green, yellow?” “Yes!“ A curt confirmation was all I got. Rapidly I ask now because the object was at this point almost parallel with the car and at eye level. “Do you see blue, orange, purple?” “Yes, yes, yes!” Shouted Jim. While looking at Jim as he answered these questions he suddenly grab my arm with a firm grip and yelled “Look Greg!” I now looked towards the object and saw that it was hovering at a dead stop right in front of us only about 100 yards away through the trees above Porter like! Through all of this, the object made no noise whatsoever, not even a whisper! Not even movement from the trees caused by wind, there was none, NOTHING! Let’s dismiss the helicopter theory completely, I worked for Sikorsky Aircraft as an assembler riveter. Before that I had joined the Air Force, I studied aircraft, I built models of aircraft, and most recently I was a tour guide for an air museum in Florida. It has become a hobby of sorts for me to identify any and all objects flying since that day. To this very day, the answer to what we had witnessed eludes me. What I do believe is this, the world of which we know, is just a speck of dirt in a vast desert of sand. The earth cannot be the only planet that can support life, given the idea that every star we see is either a sun, galaxy, universe or universes. Not too long ago in our time we were able to witness a great event of the Hubble telescope. There is one picture that comes to mind where there was a blank spot of space and they decided to concentrate the aim of the telescope to that blank spot. What they had found was amazing, within that blank space was thousands upon thousands of galaxies! The biggest challenge for space travel is time itself. Someday, maybe we will conquer that challenge. Maybe it will it be wormholes. We shall see, time will tell. Will it be in my time though? 
 “What’s it doing?” Jim’s voice now several octaves higher. It was my turn to be stooped. I don’t know! I said back in a screech like I’ve been kicked in the nads. Our tone of voice would not change for quite some time to come. Snapping out of it a little, I started firing questions back at Jim again. “Are the lights blinking or steady?” “Blinking, sort of! A curt reply from Jim. “OK! Are they flashing or chasing each other? Chasing each other! Jim’s replies are coming out like pulling teeth. “Which way are they chasing around, left to right or, right to left?” I was nearly screeching at him. “Ah, right to left!” His answers coming quicker now. “OK! Yes!, that’s what I see” I confirmed, all of it! We both could not possibly be hallucinating the same exact thing! Period! 
Yes, what we had witnessed is quite typical of a lot of UFO sightings that I’ve seen on TV these days. To describe the size and shape of the object, to this day I’m still not really sure. It was in the fall and most of the leaves had fallen from the trees so you could see through the trees quite clearly, but it was dark by this time. I would have to say that the visible part of the UFO that we witnessed (which was the lights going around in a circular pattern) was about the size of a small house. I would say about 40 to 50 feet in diameter. Was there more to it size wise, we could not tell. Let’s talk about time for a moment. It seemed to me like it got dark very quickly, let me try to explain. From the moment that I suggested that we get going and did our sharp right turn at the stop sign and drove back up the hill, it was still light out, to the time that I yelled for Jim to stop the car, it was still light out. At the moment that we got out of the car it was dark out! From the moment that I spotted the object while Jim was driving up the hill, to the point where we came to a stop is only about a thousand feet or so. We were traveling at the park speed limit which is 25 mph. The UFO dropped from about 10,000ft to our eye level while it looked like it was descending stairs, big stairs! I would say about ten steps, which would be every 1,000ft. or so! It did this fantastic maneuver in the time it took us to drive about 1,000ft.! I’m no math wiz, you figure it out! That is very fast! 

While standing there quaking in my sneakers and practically holding on to Jim for dear life, we watched the this silent, gravity defying object with ’s colorful light display for some time. The exact amount of time to this day? I’m still not sure of. It felt like forever, but might’ve been only five minutes. We seem to be, or at least I was, kind of in a trance. That state of mind would be broken when the object started to....... 
“Wow! Shit! What the hell? What is it doing? I yelled at Jim in a high-pitched squeal. I don’t know! Jim screeched back at me. As we watched, the object’s lights started to dim and brighten, dim and brighten, over and over again as if it were a lightbulb in a power surge. After watching it pulse a few times, urgency seem to fill the air! I felt that we are in danger, and now is a very good time to move out of here in one big hurry. Simultaneously we both looked at each other and said. “Let’s get the hell out of here, now! I jumped into the front passenger seat as Jim ran around the front of the car and got in the driver’s seat. A split-second later Jim put the Wildcat’s transmission in gear and floored it! The Wildcat’s Posi-Traction rear end taking hold, both wheels screeching and burning rubber as we left the scene. 

I said earlier that I told Jim to stop the car, that was about 100 feet from a left-hand hairpin turn in the road. We negotiated the hairpin turn past the bowling greens on the left-hand side, all the while looking over my right shoulder trying to see something through the trees and catching glimpses occasionally. While passing the kitty zoo on the right-hand side, I saw the object with the colored lights rise up at a 45° angle heading west. As it rolls up, it’s colored rotating lights were joined by more bright white headlights. I turned toward Jim and said. "Hey, there it is, look! When we looked back it was gone! Jim said. where? I don’t see it! Where did it go? I said puzzled. “Go back, go back! Now curious, I had to see it once again. Jim wasn’t that much of a hurry to go back. “What? Do you want to see it again? Jim with lots of concern in his eyes and voice. “Yes! Yes, go back! I said again. 
We were not able to just turn around because this part of the park is all one-way roads. Jim and I both considered walking into the park police station coming up on the right-hand side, but only briefly! We both agreed that we would be considered either crazy, drunk, high or all the above! On our left-hand side were the ballfields and just passed the police station straight ahead was one of the park entrances that we could’ve just drove right out of. Instead, we bared left passed Snow Ball the polar bear on the right and the ball stadium on the left-hand side. We took another left instead of heading out of the main exit back towards Porter Lake where we had witnessed the object. When we arrived at the intersection in the road that was near to where we watched the UFO, we saw nothing! We went through the stop sign, baring right downhill into the parking lot where we had seen the UFO first. We didn’t see a thing! We drove in the direction that I first saw the object which is west to the next stop sign, we took a right-hand turn and came to a stop sign immediately. This is where we decided to take a right hand turn to go back up the hill where earlier in the day we had seen the object at 10,000 feet that would’ve been heading east. This time, we took a left-hand turn. This is the main road in the park and there are ponds on both sides of the road for a bit of a distance. We kept traveling on the main road past the amphitheater on the right-hand side, and heading up a long left-hand uphill curve which leads to the parks southern exit in the town of Longmeadow Massachusetts. This is Route 5, we took a right-hand turn and it immediately brings you to I- 91. From this point we are able to see all of Springfield and everything north, west and some east of Springfield. We saw nothing! The skies were clear, there was no moon and there was nothing in the skies, not even an airplane! When I think back, I find it very odd that there were no other cars in the park during this whole ordeal. We did not see another car until we exited the park. 
Not too far from the exit of the park is the merge for I-91. We headed north on I-91 for a short time sticking to the right hand lane and exiting at the Forest Park exit which is exit Number 2.Turning onto Sumner Avenue where it begins at its most western point we headed east back towards the park’s main entrance and in the direction of our homes in the East Forest Park section of Springfield Massachusetts. 

What now?” Ask Jim. I can’t go home now, let’s go to Wendy’s. I said yeah, me too, OK, let’s go! Agreed Jim. Not much else was said until we got to Wendy’s. Not really very hungry, even though it was well past my usual suppertime, I ordered a small Coke and a small Frosty. I don’t recall what Jim ordered; I think he had a frosty also. We still didn’t say much, except for trying to find out what we saw. It was getting close to 7 PM now and I asked Jim to take me home. 
Not too long after that Jim turned into the entrance of Manor Ct. and he dropped me off at the door. We just looked at each other and that was that. I walked in the door and was greeted by my Mother. I could see that she was worried and she asked where I had been. Still a bit shaken I compose myself as much as possible and told her basically the truth, that I was with Jim at Forest Park and we ate at Wendy’s for supper. I joined my mother and my stepfather in the living room, sat on the loveseat and join them in watching the TV, not really paying any attention to it at all. After less than five minutes I excuse myself and went upstairs to my room to listen to some music and reflect on the events of the day. I eventually fell asleep, when? I don’t know. 
First thing in the morning, after I ate and showered, I got on my bike and went over to Jim’s house unannounced. His mother answered the door and said Jim was downstairs playing pool. I went down the stairs to see Jim was doing his usual thing, Playing pool all by himself. Jim had been previously the city champion at the Boys Club for his age group a few times. Nothing else was said until our very good friend arrived also unannounced. Morgan came down the stairs, looked around and saw the two of us and said "Hey! What's up?" Jim and I both replied with quick hi's and I immediately confronted him at the bottom of the stairs. I said to Morgan "Take Jim into the laundry room and ask him about last night!" Morgan's humorous side kicking in "Hey! what do you want me to do with him in there? Come on Jimmy baby! Ha ha! I wasn't in a funny mood today. I curtly replied. "Take him in there and ask him about last night!" I can see confusion setting in on Morgan's face. "Please just do it". I said in a kinder tone. When Jim and Morgan returned from out of the laundry room Morgan was shaking his head in disbelief. Morgan started to speak "What the hell..." I cut him off cold! "Now it's my turn, let's go! I said. I told my side of the story in full detail to Morgan just the way it is written here in these pages. When I finished, Morgan exited the laundry room first and looked at Jim and I and said. "Wow! Your stories are identical! Is this true? Then a change in Morgan's facial expression. "Did you guys set me up? Is this a joke? Now Jim cut him off fully excited. "It's for real, we haven't talked to each other sense last night, about what happened anyway!" I jumped in. "He's right, I came over without calling first and I said nothing about it until you came over!" I confirmed. "Well damn! I don't know what to say guys." Morgan was still in disbelief. Morgan and I stuck around Jim's house for the day and we let Jim kick our but at billiards as usual like any other day. Ha ha! 

While I was in the U.S. Air Force, I saw a pamphlet on base advertising a public meeting for a UFO group held locally in the city of Portsmouth, NH. I took my seat in the last row and it was almost a full house with seating maybe for thirty people. I took it all in and I said nothing because being in the military I didn't want any extra attention. There were a couple of things said that caught my attention. One, it was mentioned that a lot of sighting have something to do with the color yellow. Jim's car was yellow! The second, was that most sightings are spotted over water masses. What we saw hovered over Porter Lake! Just a coincidence? Maybe, I don't know! You decide. Upon reflection, I have to ask myself. Did we leave the scene too soon? If so, what did we miss, if anything? Was there time lost? I don't know. Were we abducted? Not unless our memories of the event were erased.  

About ten years later, I phoned Jim's house and his mother answered. She soon told me that it wouldn't be a good idea to see Jim. She told me that while he was in Colorado living with his father, he was in a serious accident. Jim was driving his open-top Jeep when someone cut in front of him and his Jeep rolled as a result. Jim wasn't wearing a seatbelt (typical of the day) and that he was thrown from his Jeep. Injuries were many including severe head trauma resulting a six month long comma. Jim's memory was almost completely erased and he did not remember me. I didn't give up and I continued to try to re-friend my once very good friend only to find that sadly I was a stranger to him now and always will be. Eventually we drifted apart again. Now, I stand alone trying to find answers for the rest of my life. 



The End.
