{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-07 23:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2436,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5504904.json","updb_database_id":5504904}
{nd} I saw these two bright lights in my backyard

I woke up at 11 pm as I heard my cat crying outside. I thought my dog escaped somehow and was playing around with him. I checked and looked out of the glass backdoor. Then that's when I suddenly noticed these two very bright white lights that were parallel with each other which made me think that this thing was an object. It was between two trees that had a good gap between each other which gave me a good view of the object coming toward me. At first I thought this thing was just a regular airliner since our area is active with them, but it was not as high as them plus it was at tree level. I also realized that these two lights were remaining constant and did not blink at all, the object was also going really slow. I was startled at what I was seeing. The object suddenly turned itself to my left to go in a new direction and now I was seeing the side of it but the two lights in front of the aircraft were still visible. I then went out to the back deck to get a closer look since this object was now behind a line of trees in my backyard, but I could still see the object through them since the two lights were very bright. I hurried back into my house to grab my jacket being that it was about 20 degrees outside. It only took me about 3 seconds to get back outside. But I could no longer see the lights through the trees. I was still convinced that this thing was still there since it was going really slow and because I have a very big backyard. I hurried quickly to my neighbor's backyard that was behind the trees where this thing was flying over. It was gone, I was very disappointed being that this was my first ever sighting of a UFO. I have no idea how it disappeared so fast since it was going very slow. It either disappeared into thin air or it flew off very fast.
