{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-04 23:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35497","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5520904.json","updb_database_id":5520904}
2 Crafts. 1 seen on 3 occasions in same area. One disappeared then one flew straight over my head about 800ft in the air.

I have seen an orb-like light/craft on 3 occasions now, in the same place. My partner has seen it too. It is very slow moving and has even been stationary/hovering. It seems to change shape or pulsate into other shapes. It is about house height but obviously is a couple of miles away in the distance but it is a lot lower than any star. This object seemed to be stationary for a few minutes last night and then I noticed another object which at first I thought was an aircraft come directly in line with the orb. This craft then flew round to the east of where we were and came directly towards us. It's lights were the brightest white you could imagine, not like aircraft landing lights. Brighter, as if burning bright white. There were a number of bright red lights on it too, they were not flashing. There appeared to be a red colour on the craft but can't be sure if this was just the light reflection. The craft was grey. Like a cross shape, but when I try to describe what the actual shape was, I can't! I know in my mind what it was like but haven't got the words to describe exactly! There were a few of the white lights on it and about 4 of the red ones. It passed straight over our heads about 800 feet straight upwards. There is an airport right near us called East Midlands Airport, so I am making my height estimation on what I normally see going in to the airport. Me and my partner watched the craft. It didn't take the flight path of a landing aeroplane it went on it's own course. It definately did not go toward the airoprt it carried on flying West almost South West and appeared to maintain the same altitude throughout. There was noise with this craft but it was very quiet and totally different to that of the usual crafts that pass over here on a daily basis. It was a cloud-free, clear, cold night and the noise the craft made was just like a bit of a whirring noise, not recognisable to me or my partner.
The orb craft finally flew in to the distance as did the one that flew above our heads.
