{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-17 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5501904.json","updb_database_id":5501904}
3 stationary round white objects in large triangle formation then straightened out into line way up in sky

I was the passenger in my friends car, we were on our way to hang out and play guitar. Approximately 6:30pm while still day time. It caught my friends eye first while driving. He said wish a ufo, I looked and said 3 ufos!. They were almost straight up above us. If you reach out and put your pinky finger up. They were about the size of half an average pinky nail. We could not see any detail besides looking either circular or spherical and white. They seemed pretty far away like a plane would be. They were in a triangle formation. If you reach out infront of you and put your index and pinky fingers out (like heavy metal devil horns) they were that far apart from each other. They did not seem to be moving.but after about a minute they started to straighten out into a horizontal line. And then again just seemed to stay like that for a minute. Most of this time I was fumbling to record it with my cell phone but it just didn't turn out due to the distance and movement of our car. Then we had to make a turn and lost visual of them. We were pretty excited about the experience. The sighting only took a couple of minutes. When we got to his place about 15 minutes later we started play guitar and about 5 minutes into it The power when out for a few seconds then back on for a few seconds then off for good. Quickly found out it was at least his whole block. Then since we couldn't jam he drove me home. Neither of us saw the ufos on the way back. I tried to go on the internet at home to find out any info on the ufos but haven't heard anything. I just want to hear other people accounts and or hear about what if may have been.
