{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2673,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5288904.json","updb_database_id":5288904}
Two consecutive bright orange travelling lights.

I was walking my dogs tonight in Tullibody, when from the south west direction, I saw an orange light coming towards me. 
My immediate throughts was that it was a Chinese lantern but it was moving too fast. 
Then I thought- meteorite!
It was bright orange and composed of three small triangles close together. I watched it until it disappeared into a bank of clouds.
I moved on to think about it further when another one appeared from the same direction, same colour speed and form!
It moved smoothly without noise, no vapour trail and no blinking of lights. 
The second one as if trying to catch up with the previous, put a spurt on and gave off a little exhaust of the same colour. The puff of exhaust, remained in the same place and left a little orange dot in the sky before it again disappeared into the cloud bank. 
I know that this can be explained away logically. I have had a think about it and provide my thoughts below. A friend suggested contacting you anyway. Unfortunately my phone was broken and therefore have no evidence except my description.

I have been thinking more about what I saw that night. The weather was quite calm on the ground, but showery. The objects were travelling fast on the same linear trajectory.
I have tried to look at this logically.
I researched aircraft lights including helicopters thinking that they were military aircraft of some sort but there is nothing matching the colour or form.
I checked meteor pictures but they were the wrong colour and had no trail and in addition, there were no expected meteor shower events.
I originally thought the two objects were Chinese lanterns and now after reading about them I am going back to this explanation. 
The conditions at ground level were calm but the speed of the wind could have been much greater higher up. If someone had lit one and then another, it would take a minute for the other one to be released.
The wind could have propelled them straight ahead instead of up.
The little exhaust puff may have been one disintegrating.
