{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-02 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71749","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5487904.json","updb_database_id":5487904}
{rjl} Everything around me became frozen in time, except the fire and smoke continued, I could see it and it was blinking at me.

On August 2 2014 I had a close encounter of some kind, I was not taken nor did I see any entity1but was simply 1shown1 that 1they1 exist.

My experience was as follows and this is what I remember very clearly & distinctively;
o	We were at a friend 1camp1 north of President, PA on the upper Allegheny River, very remote, there were 10 of us, standing around a huge bonfire drinking and talking.

o	It was like time had stopped, through the smoke of the huge bonfire I could see a craft above, very close to me/us, it was blinking a light at me1I say 1me1 because I could feel, sense it was communicating to me directly. It was like I was in a trance and I looked away it seemed in very slow motion and then looked back and it was there doing it again. My surroundings, friends were motionless, I could see the fire burning and the smoke from the fire moving upwards but it was like everything was frozen for a while so I could see them. There was no message per say it was like 1hey we exist1 and then they were gone.

Immediately after the event I knew it happened but didn1t say anything to anyone it seemed like my memory of this encounter was delayed or blocked until I woke up the next morning. But then it was time to drive 6 hours back home after being up at Camp for a week. Ever since that day of August 2, 2014 I think of see/envision this encounter every single day in my mind it1s like it was tattooed into my memory so explicit, exact it1s like it happened just minutes ago. I can visualize the craft perfectly but I cannot draw it and have tried many times, it was a design I have never seen before and I looked up online many hundreds of UFO drawings. The craft I saw was multi-sided, very irregular, between an Octahedron and an Icosahedron shaped object, opaque in color flashing simply a white rectangular light at me that was tilted at an angle left to right. It was NOT like any UFO drawing I have seen on Internet searches. It doesn1t haunt me as so much as I have so many questions. I wasn1t scared and don1t remember any communication at all 1 I am scheduled for a regression next month in November as I want to know more especially since I hear 1another encounter1 very similar to mine above from a notable scientist I know. 

My question have any others had a similar story to mine?

One other point, I am a very successful consultant to CEO's and B.O.D.'s so I'm not a wacko, although I've always been a "believer" I would like to know why I was contacted and or any info at all...thanks
