{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-08 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5458904.json","updb_database_id":5458904}
{jpg} Triangle Looking Craft with 2 star-like objects

So last night my neighbor and I seen some starlike objects in the sky and couldn't understand what we were seeing. Tonight we had another neighbor join us to watch the sky. She has an iPhone and we used her camera. We ended up seeing only 2 of these star-like objects. They are pictured below. They were really far away so I did crop and enlarge them. I have the originals of each picture also posted. Everything is titled. Also pictured below is a star, I wanted to show the difference in how the camera showed the object vs a star. They look nothing alike.

The Videos: The first video is me trying to get my camera phone to pick up on the objects, which I don't think it did, so I turned mine off and then used my neighbors to take the pictures I posted below.

The second video: We saw this triangle looking craft flying low and fast. You couldn't see the actual craft though. You could only see the bottom which was lit up like a Christmas tree with white lights. It looked like it had brighter white lights on each edge of the triangle shape. I tried to film it as good as I could but I had to run to a clearing in the trees in order to get a good look at it. By the time I ran to a clearing and got the camera back up in the air, it was almost over the tree line going back into the mountain area, I did manage to get a couple seconds of the film before it vanished behind the tree line.

All pictures and video were taken about 10:30pm on 08-08-19. No cloud coverage, it was completely clear outside. Weather was nice and warm. We seen about 10 or so regular flying aircraft. None of the objects made any noise from what we could hear, however just to note, we do live near the interstate. I checked the ISS, it was not near my location. I also checked an app that tracks satellites and from what I could tell of the 16,000 plus objects it was tracking, none of them was what we were seeing. I do not know exactly how to use the tracker but I know one thing, especially with the triangle looking craft, these didn't look like anything I have ever seen.

This is like my 3rd time seeing such stuff. I am not sure I believe in little green men but I believe something is out there. Anyone that has any ideas about what we saw or has similar experiences, please share!
