{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-23 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30906","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3753,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5524904.json","updb_database_id":5524904}
its hard to say. i need more then 25 words.

It was sometime in the spring, or early summer. It was hiding behind a cloud. Or should i say it was surrounded by what appeared to be a cloud.I had seem this cloud for 3 days. It did not move. And it was the only cloud around. The rest of the sky was clear and it was dark in color. 
At first i thought it was a storm cloud. but the weatherman never said anything about rain. But it never moved for 3 days. And it stayed in the same spot and height. It has been a while. so i might not remember everything. 
  Anyway. it was about 9pm. I went outside. and focused on the cloud to see if it was still there. I was outside for about an hour. When i saw a small lighted object appear in he sky. I shined my spotlight at it. After a few minutes maybe 5. I saw theese bright lights off to the north of me.At first i thought it was a plane or jet. There were what seemed about 6 lights in a vertical row. 
  As i watched i saw it start to descend. At first i thought it was going to land at the airport. but it was to big. As i watched it i noticed it was getting closer to where i was. And as it did the lights went from 6-4-2-1. I thought for sure it was going to crash. Then fear set in. I hid behind my car. 
  My son was with me now.I would peek over the top of the car as it kept getting closer. Then i told my son i think were in trouble. Next thing i know,i saw it pass slowly by me and my son. And now it was hovering just above the treetops. No more then 12ft. from us. Or at least 10-12steps away. 
  As it hovered i tried to move to a better spot to see if i could see anything on top. And i saw what might have been a dome. Anyway it was between 10:15 10:30pm by now. My son was knelt down by the car. I was able to get to a spot from a short distance. i could see part of it. the other was hid by the trees and the roof of my house. Anyway, i told my son. i am going to walk over to it,and stand underneath it. 
  As i approached my fear was gone. I was now standing under it. And i could feel an energy beam around me. And a slight humming noise. I could also see a light surrounding me. I was looking at my son and i was talking to him, but he couldn't hear me. And it was like i was talking into a fan. I could see fear in his eyes. then i looked at my watch it was abt 1030 or so as i stood underneath it. 
 When i looked at my watch again, an hour had passed , i noticed as we walkedf away. I don't remember if my son stood underneath it with me or not. I tried to talk him into it. but just can't remember if he did or not. Then we walked away from it, as i turned i saw it take off. I don't remember what happened after that. I go some stories i could tell. btw, i been trying to talk to someone from mufon or any place that deals with UFO's. but no one has come around. Just to let you know. 
I can spot them at night, if i want to As long as the sky are clear. And its good and dark. Oh before i forget i want you to know i have other wittnesses from other sightings who were with me when i saw other crafts. I am sorry i don't have any other proof. other then my eyes as well as other people.
