{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-27 07:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85405","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5346,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5474904.json","updb_database_id":5474904}
{rjl} A silver, very bright/reflective, oval shaped object appeared, hovered, moved to the right slightly, back to the left, disappeared, then reappeared several seconds later blocks closer.

I was driving to Green Bay to work this morning, N down HWY 41 near Wrightstown, which is right between Brown and Outagamie counties. At approximately 7:08, I noticed a silver, very bright, oval shaped object suddenly appear to the right of the HWY. Somewhat like a disc. I would guess it was less than a mile away. It was fairly low, but higher than treetops, power lines, overpasses. It appeared to be reflecting the sunlight. It seemed to appear out of nowhere, and was a very bright flash in the daylight, so it caught my eye. It hovered for a few seconds, moved slightly to my right, then slightly left again, then disappeared. I blinked several times, somewhat in disbelief, and thought it was odd the way it appeared, then disappeared. I kept leaning down to look out my windshield, thinking maybe it was at a different angle, and wasn't so bright without the sun reflecting, but could see nothing. Not even a speck. The sky was fairly clear. There were clouds at higher altitude, but at the elevation it was seen, there was clear, blue sky. Not even a speck. A few seconds later, it reappeared, just as bright as before, but slightly closer. It's difficult to judge the distance it may have moved, because I was also driving toward it, and with it disappearing, I didn't witness the movement. It seemed to hover again for a few seconds, and disappeared again. I wasn't able to see it after that. I was driving at approximately 75MPH, and it happened so quickly, that I wasn't able to get a photo or video. Green Bay is Austin Straubel Int'l Airport (GRB), so I thought "it was probably a plane ascending", but I see planes on a daily basis, at different times of the day, and I've never seen them that bright, nor disappear then reappear. When you see a plane ascending during daylight, it generally isn't reflecting light, you can generally see the clear shape of a plane, and see it the entire time, heading in one direction at a steady pace until it moves out of sight. I found it striking enough, that when I got to work about 20 minutes later, I checked GRB's flight schedule. There was a Delta flight that took off at 7:06, which I did rationalize in my head as being the right time to be the object, but had that nagging thought of "Delta's planes are white (I fly Delta), and wouldn't flash that brightly". This appeared to be thicker, taller, have more mass, and far more surface reflection than a plane. I decided to text my husband Mike, because he was probably .5-1 mile ahead of me, as we left for work at the same time, and travel the same HWY for our commute. 

Here is our conversation: 

Me: "Did you see a plane this morning? I swore it looked like a UFO." 

Mike: "I was thinking the same thing! I saw a bright ball of light, then it was gone, then I saw it again, then it was gone. Really Weird! One thing to keep in mind is that there's an R/C air field right there for really big R/C planes. I've seen some bigger than my car flying over the HWY." Ok, that's a viable possibility, in addition to the official Austin Straubel Airport. 

Me: "Yep. Me too. I did see a flight took off at 706, but it was Delta, and Delta is white and not real reflective. This looked more like a fat, silver disc. If the sun catches a plane, you should still be able to see it when it changes angle. It shouldn't have disappeared."

Mike: "The headlights on that thing were different than big planes. It was coming toward me and that was the only light I could see. I didn't see colored warning lights."

Me: "I thought it was just shiny. Couldn't tell it was lighted. We should call MUFON." I was joking, but clearly...after thinking more about it, I find it to be serious enough to actually fill out this report.

Mike: "That's all I could see was the light. Funny that we both saw it and questioned what it was."

Me: "What was weird was the way it moved and that it disappeared and reappeared. Otherwise, I wouldn't have questioned it much."

Mike: "The disappearing thing caught me searching around too. If I didn't have to get to work I would've pulled over & investigated."

I've seen countless objects and lights moving in the sky, and occasionally ask myself "could that have been?", but never have I thought it was valid or strange enough to tell anybody about it, and certainly not fill out a report.

Note: I'm listing one witness below, in addition to me, as my husband was driving the same HWY and saw it, but there were hundreds of cars in traveling the same HWY, so I'm sure others saw it as well.
