{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-07 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488904","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70734","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/904/mufon-5488904.json","updb_database_id":5488904}
{rjl} Brilliant white , brightest thing I've seen in the sky in my lifetime. Speed was remarkable

I was working the evening shift on a Natural Gas drilling rig in Pennsylvania. It was approximately 3 am in the morning, I was changing the oil on a air compressor. I am not sure why to this day, but it was as if something had wanted me to turn around and lookup to see its' presence. I went leaning over the air compressor, and turned to my right. I saw what could only to be explained as the brightest, and most brilliant white light I've ever seen in the sky. It was coming over the tree-line atop the mountains. The evening was clear, no clouds, and the stars were quite visible. The object was brilliant and quite large in size, the distance from my view point would have been a mile or so based on the distance of the mountains it came over. The light I had seen would be moving towards me from the West to the North. It would be moving, and while moving it would become brighter, extremely bright and then dim out quickly. Only to be dim for approximately three seconds, and then illuminate back to its' original brightness. Then it would repeat the same pattern as before, bright then extremely bright, and then dim out completely. This happened approximately four to six times. The last time it was it's original brightness, and then changed direction abruptly and shooting straight up and disappearing at a phenomenal speed. I had not seen the object again. I have a witness, who was my boss at that time. He had come around the corner after the first time I had noticed the light. I pointed it out to him, we both watched as it went through the transformations the four to six times and then disappeared. I have spoken to him about this since it had happened, and he does not like talking about it. I have come forth, only because this is the second time I have seen nearly the identical object, and same pattern of being brilliant white, then becoming extremely bright and dimming out only to be a further distance away before illuminating again. There were no F.A.A. lights on this object, no other aircraft in the vicinity, and no sounds were emitted from this object. The other time I had seen almost identically the same incident, was in North Pitcher, NY approximately 8 months ago while sitting on my friends back deck of his house. I Could sketch out the scenario, as I draw/paint quite a bit. Giving approximations on flight patterns, size during original illumination, and size when it had become more brilliant before disappearing several times crossing half the horizon in distance within 40-45 seconds.
