Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2112                        12-05-2025                        22-05-2025
                                     Report:                      Resolution:
                                                                                     Possibly
   Location:            Guarilihue       Region:        Ñuble        Classification:
                                                                                       resolved
He reported what he described as a triangular object, resembling car headlights and in size between 20 and 100 meters. Summary: He indicated it was visible for over a minute by two witnesses, with no indication of where it appeared or disappeared.

Testimony (sic): "I was walking on a rural road in Guariligue, a small community near Concepción, on the road there were no lights nor..."
Nothing, just very tall trees (eucalyptus), and suspended above the eucalyptus trees was
a ship or I don't know how to call it, it was triangular, very large, it was
just above the tops of the eucalyptus trees. It stayed there for over 1 minute,
not moving, not emitting any sound, only lights in each corner. I stood under
it for nearly 1 minute and 30 seconds, it scared me and I ran towards the house.
I showed the sighting to my partner, who managed to see it and this ship moved very fast, disappearing into the sky but always at low altitude."

The case was studied from the 1,487               frames     of the video
"Messenger_creation_2331429647083392.mp4."

The approximate location of the user was georeferenced (Figure 1).

Investigation:

Figure 1
The metadata of the video does not indicate a date or time of its capture, but it does state that its frames have a size of 368 x 656 pixels and a resolution of 72 dpi.

The available video has a duration of 0:00:50 seconds and was captured at a rate of 30 frames per second. There is no information regarding the type of capture device.

Figure 2 shows the reported object as it appears in frame 462, it is in the yellow circle.

                              Figure 2 frame 762
After reviewing the 1,487 frames, approximately 15 red pulses, consistent with navigation lights, were detected; however, the trajectory could not be determined due to the erratic recording caused by the camera's movement and its low image quality. The characteristics of frames 160 and 718 show points around the core similar to what would be their rotors.

Finally, they are presented in Figure 3, allowing an estimate that it would be
A drone-type aircraft (UAS).


Figure 3

Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of photographic, geographic, and forensic studies, it can be estimated that what was reported likely corresponds to the flight of a drone (UAS).

It is important to note that, due to the approximately seven years that have passed since the sighting until the moment of its analysis, it was not possible to
To obtain information about the air traffic conditions at that time.
This is due to the time elapsed, which made it impossible to access specific records
about the air situation at that moment. However, no factors implicating aeronautic security
risk were identified either.
