{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-07-26 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490972","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/972/mufon-5490972.json","updb_database_id":5490972}
{jpg} Came across field and hovered directly overhead about 100 feet, played cat and mouse next 45 minutes

I was just getting home after working the 3-11 pm shift at the hospital in town. I was diving up the road of the trailor park where I lived. I noticed lights coming across a small field directly towards me. My first thought as I turned into my driveway stepping out of my car was, that seems too low for an airplane and it's too quiet. As I stood watching, these lights came closer,slowly and eventually stopping directly overhead. This craft was barely 100 feet overhead, I could have hit it with a rock. This craft barely made a sound at first, much lower than a hum, difficult to describe. No downdraft at all and the trees directly below it weren't moving.As I stood there frozen, I remember thinking ,I have to remember everything about what I was seeing. The craft was sort of oval shape. I was looking directly above. The craft was very black, difficult to make out the exact edges. It was about 100 feet long and maybe 35 to 40 feet wide. Bluefish white lights shining outward from each end and side. A solid small deep red light underneath and it appeared to be very slightly wobbling reminded me of how a magnet wobbles when you try to float it over a repelling magnet. As I stood there i realized that my knees were actually knocking together and I was shaking. As I looked around the park. I saw that no other homes had there lights on at this time of about 11:30 pm. I thought, what if this thing kills me or takes me, no one would know what happened. I ran up my driveway and hid down behind my car. This seemed almost funny to me later as I thought about it. As I continued to watch it, the craft slowly, quietly began to move at the same height along the park road towards the main road. I'm not sure where I got the courage but I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I got in my car and headed towards the main road. When I drove out of the woods into the open at the main road the craft was on the other side of the street hovering at tree top level. I shut off my engine and got out and stood on the hood looking at this now side view craft. It still appeared very dark but I could see that it had 3 small lights spaced Quite a ways apart blinking in success, 1 red 1 blue and 1 green. It also had what looked like small dimly yellowish internally illuminateing lit windows running the lenght of the craft. It hovered there with me starring at it for what seemed like a minute or two then slowly starting moving off in a southerly direction following the main road back towards town. I got in my car and headed in the same direction. This thing was traveling just above the trees off to my right about 200 feet. It was matching my speed of 60 mph and followed alongside for about a mile and veered off out of sight. A couple miles further down the road I turned into the parking lot of a closed small town store where I could look out over a large valley type area. A few moments later I saw the same craft which was now about a quarter mile away do a big arc over the valley and fly out of sight. I started driving home, I was so wound up and excited that I just wanted to call someone and tell them what I had just experienced. As I was driving home, I saw the object in my review mirror about a half mile behind me. I stopped the car and got out. I watched it again veer off and fly out of sight. I drove the couple miles home and as I was turning into my yard, the craft flew over the far end of the park at a much faster speed than before and out of sight. I sat outside on the deck for quite a while that night but did not see it again. This entire experience lasted about 45 minutes. Even though this sighting occurred 22 years ago, I still can remember vivid details and how I felt. Even while writing this, it still seems impossible and difficult for me to accept.but It is absoulatel true and the strangest thing I have ever experienced.
