{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-23 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288972","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/972/mufon-5288972.json","updb_database_id":5288972}
4 red orange glowing balls/orbs traveling east to west, no sound, like nothing I’ve ever seen, two witnesses

I woke up around 1:30am CT give or take 15 minutes. I seem to remember the clock reading 1:24am CT but I’m not 100% certain. From my bed, I happened to look out a north facing window, where I saw a large glowing, red-orange ball. It was traveling mostly east to west, moderate speed, about the same as if I was watching an airplane going overhead at a very high altitude. The glowing ball/orb (I don’t know what to call it because I’ve never seen anything like it in my life) was above the tree line, but not much higher. I did notice it was behind my neighbors tree, but seemed to be maybe 5 blocks away from me or so, it was kind of hard to tell. My first thought was I was seeing Venus, but I quickly ruled that out due to its size, and when I realized it was moving I also knew it couldn’t be Venus. I watched it glide by, it did not change speed or elevation. It eventually vanished in the distance, still heading in a west/northwesterly direction. It kind of mesmerized me, and I tried to make sense of what I was seeing but couldn’t. I continued to think about all the things it could be, weather balloon, satellite etc. I told myself I would do a little research in the morning, surely there was an known explanation. As I thought about it, approximately 1 minute passed. I decided I would go to back to sleep. I looked out the window once more (I was not looking out the window while I was contemplating what I just saw). That’s when I saw two more of the same glowing orbs coming from the east, just like the first. One was closer and one just a little further back, like it was tailing the one in front. I couldn’t believe 2 more of these objects were coming by, and I felt like this was my only chance to maybe see something amazing. The orbs were unlike anything I’ve seen, it was just su surreal to see two more coming by. I called for my son who was sleeping in his room to get up and meet me on the deck outside, that there was something weird in the sky. I went outside (took about 15 seconds) and when I looked north there was only one of two orbs going by. It fir the most part followed the same path as the first. I asked my son if he was seeing it, and he said yes. He asked me if it was an asteroid or rocket (he’s 13). I said no. We watched it travel to the west and I noted how quiet the neighborhood was. No traffic noise, no people, etc. then I realized the orb was not making any noise. It wasn’t blinking, there were no lights other than the orb itself, glowing solid red-orange the entire time, almost as if it were lit by fire. It disappeared into the distance. We stayed outside for approx another 2 minutes, then went in. I was just so perplexed by what we saw. I was glad my son was there, validating what I knew I was seeing but having a hard time understanding. The next day during lunch I asked my son if saw any blinking from the orb, he said no. I still wanted to check my recollection because it was like nothing I’ve ever seen. I know I keep saying that, but I’m still so perplexed. It was then that my son told me he saw one more orb go by his window once he got back into bed. He said it came by a few minutes after he had laid down and was starting to relax again. I was so disappointed he didn’t tell me during, because I would have for sure tried to get a picture of the fourth one, and maybe I would have stayed up longer waiting for more. I didn’t take pics because I didn’t think the works needed one more picture of a non descript light in the sky, and my phone is awful in low light. I didn’t want to waste missing a second of watching the orbs to go look for my phone only to get a crappy photo. I have no idea what we saw, but I feel so fortunate to have had the experience. Whatever it was, it was beautiful and fantastical and a big mystery. I’m super thankful I happened to wake up and see them.
