{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-16 06:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512972","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3132,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/972/mufon-5512972.json","updb_database_id":5512972}
(GS) almost directly overhead, low altitude

Was leaving for work on the morning of Wednesday 01/16/13, at 6:40AM. As I exited the parking lot on foot I glanced up and thought I saw a private aircraft banking to the left in the sky, so I returned my attention to the ground and continued walking up to my bus stop. 

When I got to the bus stop there was another guy there who I know from my apartment complex. I run into him fairly often, since he also works on the same side of Phoenix as I do. Ive been telling him about my latest UFO sightings at work over the last couple of years, and his response is usually something like, "Oh yeah?" So after seeing him at the bus stop, I turned and did another scan of the dark early morning sky.

As I looked up, I spotted two blinking white lights just sitting there in the sky, the same set of lights I had assumed were a small aircraft just earlier. I glanced back towards my fellow bus patron, and as he was just about to comment on the weather I interrupted him. "Hey, check out these blinking lights overhead. Theyre not moving!" He remained silent, and did not disagree with my observation. I repeated, "Theyre not moving, and we have no engine noise."

Pretty soon the bus we were waiting for pulled up to the stop at around 6:50AM. After we got on and took a seat, he remained silent and looked like maybe he had been a little spooked. He hadnt noticed this thing sitting in the sky almost directly above us until I pointed it out. Once we got off the bus on the other side of town, 25 minutes later, there was nothing to see as I looked back towards our neighborhood.

The lights Id seen blinked together simultaneously. They appeared relatively close together, yet they did not illuminate the surface of the craft in any way. This could have been the size of a bumper car, or it could have been as big as a football field. Who knows? This craft was very similar to what was recorded and posted on YouTube, from the night before in Buckeye, AZ. That video is 13min 59sec long. 

Theres another oddity involved here. Beginning on the following morning, Ive been hearing the yappity yappity howls of coyotes in the morning right out here by this busy intersection where I catch the bus. This Saturday morning, when I stepped out onto my patio for a smoke, there was a coyote roaming the apartment grounds looking for a small critter snack. Ive been in this complex for nearly two years, and had never seen nor heard a coyote in the area untill after the UFO sighting on Wednesday.
