{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-31 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522972","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33024","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/972/mufon-5522972.json","updb_database_id":5522972}
Two Odd Starlike Glowing orbs that i thought were very bright stars appeared behind me, I gasped as they fell like a leaf almost togther so slightly to Rt, then either vanished or moved away ascending up, faded as if cloud covered , but it was clear! .

Someone else had to see this, if not, then I saw something personal tonight I have never seen before nor can explain. I was in Altadena tonight Eaton Canyon, and was hiking in the mountains from about 3pm until around 745pm. I was there after dark, I was texting for about 30 min at the and of my hike looking down at my phone facing North at the Mountains, i started looking up at them after I finished, I had been hiking praying in this spot for over 3 hours a spot I go to often to meditate, I knew from star/moon gazing earlier during the day up until night, that The Moon was behind me to the Left. So, At approx 7pm (i checked the time on my phone right after) as I turned around to check the moons position, which was back down the Valley (I think facing South West), 

I immediately noticed about 45deg up to the left of the Moon, there were 3 stars, Two were brighter and I know I handnt noticed or seen them before, they were strangely brighter than the star below them, but about same size, they got brighter as I watched, they seemed stationary at first so thats why I thought they were stars, and both stayed at the same angle almost floating, there was another star below them I was using to compare them figuring they were just bright stars as I watched I noticed the two Bright ones started to move/pivot just slightly to the RT, at that point I felt they were really not stars but something else, intirely, I felt this odd feeling come over me like something was observing me, they were floating and then did a pivot to RT, seemed to fall at first then rise then fade away or just move AWAY I thik the the upper RT, away from me at incredible speeds,or just faded, of this Im not sure, it was hard to say. I only saw two white star orbs, but there may have been more, I now have the feeling it had been there longer than I realized it was up there before turning around and seeing them, so my visual sigting might vary from others if anyone else saw this, and it was short, it was about 30 sec, it was not a flash or quick thing. I observed them brighten, fade and move together, it was very strange.

Im pretty sure they were connected, as they moved in tandem and faded in tandem, they were at first stationary, kinda hovering in one place I was using the star below as a reference, and also to compare brightness, at first they were above a fixed star one above the other, like at this angle to my view i will use a slash /.  Vertically one above one below at slight angle, they kinda shimmered got brighter as they stayed in place they were similar brightness to a star slightly brighter then got MUCH brighter before fading, and they pivoted/moved, thats why at first,thought they were stars but, then they appeared to fall to the Rt. just so much movement that I was checking myself to see if they were moving.. I shouted their/your moving! almost to convince myself they werent. 

I watched and watched for several seconds, then they seemed to just gently fall to the Right in tandem, hover, then they either faded or rose away from me it appeared they faded up to the Rt not just out.. It was very strange, these two were just above another star on the Horizon to the Rt, that I don't know the name of yet, (but I will) , these two were bright enough and shimmering a very bright light so much that I gasped when I first saw them, and really said it outloud to my surprise what the heck is that? 

To be honest I figured at first maybe the clouds had covered the two stars so thats why they faded, but I watched and watched to see if they reappered behind a the cloud bank, but it really was clear tonight actually, with some marine layer, which is what I figured hid them since they faded, but what was strange is the STAR that was below them didn't fade, so I realized there were no CLOUDS.  

Something happened I want to know if others saw this, someone had to!

Sorry I don't have pictures, since it was dark and only lasted 30 sec or so!

thanks!
