{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548972","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2356,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/972/mufon-5548972.json","updb_database_id":5548972}
Sphere shaped object shiny white metallic in color hovered and moved near lake mead

In August of 2005 at approximately noon during my scheduled shift as a loss prevention officer, I began routine observaton of the parking lot with my external PTZ CCTV Camera. It was a very clear day with high visibility and I often look around at the city and the surrounding mountians. I directed my camera towards a mountian near lake mead I noticed a shining object that I thought at the time was a vehicle on the side of it. I left the camera on the mountian and left my security office to get a drink when I returned I noticed the object had moved. At this time I began to observe the object and noticed it was sphere shaped and was moving very slow at times and speeding up at others. During my observation I went outside to check if I could see it from the parking lot and could not being at least 20 miles away in my estimation. I returned to the security office and continued to observe the craft it became obvious it was not a known craft had no external parts wings engines etc. During this time the craft actually dropped very close to the ground and I was able to zoom in on it. I watched the craft till the end of my shift at which time I took the whole tape home with me and I still have. During my observation I felt the craft was intelligently controlled and was either a experimental military craft or was in fact an extraterrestrial vehicle. I have seen predator drones and various jet fighters and helicopters around vegas being very close to several military bases and I can say it was somthing I have never seen. I also showed the tape to an ex airforce air traffic controller who was stationed at Nellis AFB for a couple years and he could not explain the craft.
