{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-21 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489972","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/972/mufon-5489972.json","updb_database_id":5489972}
Disc with lights flying in different directions

I was walkin down my interior house stairs and saw what looked like a commercial aircraft at first. I've seen UFO's in this direction before so I watched closely. The object was a flat disc with mullticoloured lights flashing around it at random times. This was a hint that the aircraft WAS NOT an air plane. It flew from south to north at different speeds and then stopped. I was just about to run to get my camera when I heard a deep rumble and kept watching. The UFO started moving backwards and then stopped. After this, the object started moving slowly upwards straight into the sky and then suddenly darted directly up and I lost sight of it within 2 seconds. About 15 seconds after the UFO disappeared, I heard a very deep rumbling sound.

At this moment I didn't think much, but then it occured to me that I felt like someone was watching me. At the very moment I am writing this (10-15 mins after event) I keep constantly checking over my shoulder to see if anyone is there. I have seen UFO's before and this one was probably the second most beliveable one I've ever seen. Another time a yellow disc hovered over my house for over 20 minutes. I called the local Air Forse base and they said a blip was showing on the radar and then disappeared less than 60 seconds into the call. I never wrote a complete report like this one.

I really hope others who saw this event do come foward and share their sighting as a report. I would love to see others backing up my sighting. I know I saw it, I know it was real. I have not taken any medication in the last month and have had no drugs since then either.

Sorry if the drawing is unclear, I just had to do a quick sketch and I'm no artist.
