{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-22T10:28:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 24, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9973437, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989227.pdf", "source_sha256": "76be5b21fd42493913d82a4e08713cd3a23d4d299db24a1c3aef09f1a22456f3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3005, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Place: San Antonio, TX
Date: 25 May 95
I, Dan D. Fulgham, Col, USAF (Ret), hereby state that James McAndrew was identified
as a Lieutenant, USAR on this date at my place of employment and do hereby,
voluntarily and of my own free will, make the following statement. This was done
without having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful
inducement.
I entered the U.S. Air Force in 1952 as an aviation cadet. I flew F-84s on 100 combat
missions during the Korean war. After a tour as a flight instructor I was assigned to the
Aero Medical Laboratory at Wright Patterson. I participated in both the Air Force Man in
Space program and Project Mercury. I also participated in the X-15 and X-20 programs
and worked as a bioastronautics officer with NASA on Gemini. During my Air Force
career, I earned both a Master's and Doctorate degree from Purdue University. I flew a
combat tour in Southeast Asia in F-4s as a member of the 555th Tactical Fighter
Squadron and flew 133 combat missions. I retired from the Air Force in 1978 as the
Commander of the Human Resources Laboratory at Brooks AFB, TX. I am presently the
Director Of Biosciences for a research organization in San Antonio, TX.
In 1959 I volunteered for training to become a back up pilot for Capt Joe Kittenger in his
high altitude balloon projects. I flew two missions for training purposes with Capt
Kittenger and Capt Bill Kaufman from Holloman AFB, NM in May, 1959. On the
second flight we were practicing touch and go landings north of Roswell, NM when we
"crashed" on one of the landings. The gondola flipped over and my head was pinned to
the ground by the lip of the gondola. We managed to lift the gondola off of my head and
looked it over for damage. Capt Kittenger was bleeding from a cut on his face and I
noticed that my head seemed to be protruding outward from underneath my helmet.
Realizing I was injured, I sat down and feared I might go into shock. I was not in pain
but my entire head was throbbing and began to swell.
I then remember boarding the "chase" helicopter that was following us and flying a short
distance to Walker AFB for medical treatment. I recall walking into the hospital and also
stopping on the front step to smoke a cigarette. I remember security personnel escorting
and questioning us to determine who we were. Security was very tight at Strategic Air
Command bases such as Walker. On occasion surprise inspection teams from SAC
headquarters arrived in helicopters just as we did. In addition, a story of three Air Force
officers crashing in a balloon was somewhat far fetched. The security people were
convinced of our identities when they spoke with Col John P. Stapp, the Aero Medical
Laboratory Commander.
While I was at Walker my head had swelled considerably and both eyes were turning
black. Later the skin on my face turned yellow. I remember being seen by one doctor
and I do not believe any other doctors participated in my treatment. I do not recall any

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1740, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nurses attending to me. I also do not recall that a black NCO was present nor do I recall
any civilian men in the hospital. I do not recall that Capt Kittenger was involved in an
altercation of any kind while we were there. After I was treated and released we all flew
back to Holloman on the helicopter.
At Holloman I was admitted to the hospital and had blood aspirated from under my scalp.
I remember my forehead drooping down, I had to use my fingers to open my eyelids, and
I had to sleep sitting up. Several days later 1 returned to Wright Patterson with Capt
Kittenger and Capt Kaufman. My wife met the airplane and when she saw me, she burst
into tears due to the swelling of my head, the two black eyes, and the yellow color of my
skin. When I returned to my office at Wright Patterson, my secretary also began to cry
when she saw me. After some weeks my head returned to normal size and I was returned
to flying status.
During my Air Force career I was involved in many different scientific research projects
including the space program. I can state with certainty that none of them, including the
incident described here, had anything to do with UFOs or "space aliens".
I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold or provide misleading information to the
United States Government or the American public. There is no classified information
that I am withholding related to this inquiry and I have never been threatened by U.S.
Government persons concerning refraining from talking about this matter.
SIGNED:
Amazegha
Dan D. Fulgham, Col, USAF (Ret)
Subscribed and sworn before me, an
individual authorized to administer
oaths this 2sth day of May 1995
at San Antonio, x
нио
James McAndrew, Ist Lt, USAFR
WITNESS(s):
Rose D. Lucas

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1675, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Colonel Dan D. Fulgham
"Roswell Incident"
San Antonio, Texas
26 May 1995
Interviewer: 1st Lt James McAndrew
Q: We spoke about the investigation that was conducted
last year. The Secretary of the Air Force was asked by the
General Accounting Office to look into some information about
what's been known as the Roswell Incident. We've looked into
that and we wrote a quite lengthy report last summer, and I
provided you a copy.
After that investigation we've come to determine that
perhaps some of the people were relating not something that
happened in 1947, but something that happened to you personally
in 1959, and we'd just like to ask what you remember about it.
If you could just start off with when you entered the Air
Force and some of the positions you held throughout your career.
A: I came into the Air Force through the Aviation Cadet
Program, graduating from flying training at Bryan Air Force Base
on March 22, 1952. From there I went to gunnery training at Luke
Air Force Base in F-80s and F-84s and proceeded directly on to
the Korean conflict, as I recall, reporting in somewhere around
August of 1952 to [FINCOM] Area B outside of Tokyo for
reassignment to the 474th Fighter Wing in F-84s at Kunson, Korea.
I flew 100 combat missions out of Kunson and Taegu. The
squadron that I was in was transferred sometime in the spring of
1953. As I recall, I finished my combat tour in approximately
May of 1953 then returned to the U.S. and was assigned to Webb
Air Force Base in Big Spring, Texas, as a flight instructor in
T-33 and T-28 aircraft.
That tour lasted to about 1955 when I transferred to
Randolph Air Force Base into the headquarters of the Combat Crew

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2099, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
2
the command coordinator for aviation physiology, since I'd gone
through aviation physiological training while at Webb. I was
command coordinator for what then became the Air Training
Command.
That sort of made me visible and eligible for an assignment
to Air Medical Laboratories at Wright-Patterson. I think I
reported in there in late 1957 to the Air Med Lab, and was placed
in charge of all of the high altitude chambers at Wright-Pat.
It was during that period of time I became involved in the
space program.
The Air Force had a man-in-space program that
was, all of the human activities of it were being run out of
Wright-Patterson, out of the Air Med Lab. When Sputnik went up
and President Eisenhower created NASA out of the old NACA, and
took all of that program work, transferred it to NASA, and it
became Mercury, it became Project Mercury. I worked in the
Mercury program, still on the Air Force side.
From Wright-Pat it was off to Purdue for a Master's degree
in Human Factors Engineering in 1959. Graduated from there in
1960 and reported to the Flight Test Center as a bio-astronautics
project officer at Edwards Air Force Base. That was in the
summer of 1959.
It was at Wright-Patterson, though, that I became involved
in the balloon training programs, since I was an active
instructor pilot in the T-33's over at the Flight Test Group, and
then Joe Kittinger and his program... He had responsibility for
several programs, as I recall, that involved piloted balloons -
helium balloons. And of course it was more than one person could
handle, so Bill Kaufmann and I had volunteered for and been
selected to train as balloon pilots.
It was during that period that we participated in the take-
off and landing and flying time out of Holloman. As I recall,
both of the training flights that we participated in before the
accident occurred, all three of us flew on every flight.
Those
two. To get them to agree on that, to go back to the flight test
center at Edwards, I mentioned their (inaudible) and the
astronautics group, and my background in parachuting, and the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1828, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
3
commander asked me to take on the additional duty of supervising
the X-15 para-rescue team, which I did. And that lead me more
into how to parachuting in support of the X-20 and the Gemini
Program out of El Centro, California. That all occurred in the
mid-60's.
In 1966 I was selected for an assignment to Vietnam and I
went through E-4 training at George Air Force Base, reporting to
the flying wing under Colonel Robin Olds in the fall of 1966, as
I recall.
It was about in October. I began flying combat almost
immediately in the TAC fighter wing. I was a member of the
Triple-Nickel Squadron. I flew 133 missions: 100 over the
north, some 16 into my area, [route pack 6], and finished up
there, I think as I recall, in June of 1967.
I returned to the U.S. in '67 and was assigned to Gunner Air
Force Base in the Corona Harvest Project, which was to write the
history of the Vietnam War. There I had an interesting
assignment in 1968, to join up with the history office of Colonel
Burton Shaw out of PACAF in Hawaii, and write the Pueblo incident
from the Air Force point of view, which was quite an interesting
project. It took weeks to do that.
From there I went back to Purdue for a Ph.D., reporting to
Purdue in 1968, and graduated from Purdue in 1971. I was
assigned as the Chief of Flying Training Simulation Group under
the Human Resources Laboratory at Williams Air Force Base until
1975.
I then reported to Brooks Air Force Base as Vice-Commander
of the Human Resources Laboratory, and then Commander of the
Human Resources Laboratory, the position from which I retired in
August of 1978.
Q: Commander of the...?
A: Commander of the Human Resources Laboratory. My rank
was 0-6.
Since retirement from the Air Force in 1978 I've worked in
the civilian research business on, still primarily on life

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1634, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
4
sciences and human factors research. My present position is
Director of Biosciences and Bioengineering for Southwest Research
Institute in San Antonio. For eight years I have been in that
position.
Q: Okay. Well, now we'll go back to the situation that we
think you may have become a part of, the mythology surrounding
this Roswell incident. If you could just briefly describe how
you became involved in the high-altitude ballooning with Captain,
now Colonel, Joe Kittinger.
A: I don't remember the exact mode we took in order to get
involved in the program, other than we just, it was something
different and we wanted to take a shot at it. But, you know,
essentially was that Joe needed some support in several projects,
one of which was to fly a scientist to 80,000 feet in a balloon-
suspended gondola to take pictures of Mars from a gryostabilized
platform.
Q: That's Stargazer.
A: Stargazer. And there were to be several flights in
that project, and we were the backup balloon pilots for that.
Another one was High Dive, as I recall it was called High
Dive, in which altitude jumps were to be made from open gondola,
and since I was parachuting qualified, I was to be one of the
jumpers. And Bill Kaufmann was not jump qualified, but he had
volunteered to at least be one of the balloon pilots.
l: He did have previous experience.
A: Yeah. There was some reason that he was involved, too,
but...
Plus it was mandated by the -- it wasn't the FAA then; it
was probably the CAA -- that we had to have a license in order to
fly in controlled air space, if you will. Nobody knew anything
about balloon licensing.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 1740, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
5
l:
been invented.
This was before the hot air balloon would even have
A: Yes.
Q: And was widely used.
A: Right. It was just installed helium, and the Air Force
was the only, the military was the only people that could afford
helium in those days, and so we did the majority of all the
helium ballooning, the Air Force and the Navy.
We went to the CAA or whatever it was called in those days
and asked them to issue balloon licenses, and the best they could
come up with was a student pilot license, and I think they just
arbitrarily said, "You've got to have X number of landings and so
many hours to be given your license."
Joe, being the most
qualified to instruct since he had quite a bit of balloon time,
we put together a program to go to Holloman, and accrue the
number of hours of flying time and the number of landings
necessary to qualify Bill Kaufmann and I as student balloon
pilots, if you will, so we could participate in the program.
The first flight out it was an all-night flight. In both
cases they were all-night flights, and with the first flight we
terminated just north of El Paso and returned by helicopter and
were taken back to Holloman, and on the second flight was the one
in which we took off with the intention of landing at Roswell at
daylight, and that's exactly what the flight plan turned out to
be. We landed just right in the outskirts of the City of
Roswell, just after sunrise.
Q:
don't remember?
Which was north of town, or south, or do you know? You
A: I think it was north of town. In the pictures, you
know.
Q: And in the [Reins]
record it seemed to be north of
town. So could you just describe on that second flight there,
when you had the little mishap and how that came about?

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2110, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
6
A: We had been flying all night, and as daylight
approached, you know, it became light enough to see the ground,
we valved off some gas and went down and started shooting
practice landings -- touch and go landings -- and Kittinger
instructed us how to stand on the outside of the gondola and when
it touched down on the ground just to jump off, and that would
give enough rebound to the balloon that it would go bouncing back
into the air.
That way we didn't have to dump ballast right
away. And you just had to scramble to hold onto the side of the
gondola from the outside.
And Joe shot some landings to demonstrate, and I shot a
series of landings, and then Bill Kaufmann took over the
controls, the controls being a cup of lead-shot in one hand and
the lanyard to valve gas in the other, and you could adjust your
rate of descent and then time your touchdown just enough so that
you'd hit the ground with enough force to make contact but
rebound and there'd be enough, the balloon in there should it
come on down a little bit and then it would rebound and take you
back up into the air.
Q: Give
you the touch and go.
A:
A hundred feet or so, something like that. It was now
approaching sunrise, and of course what was going to happen as
soon as the sun cracked the horizon, wind would come up, and we
knew that anything above 10 knots wind, we'd probably wind up
having to fly all day and all night again before we could land,
because it's too dangerous to land, and the wind, of course out
in that desert, the wind came up and stayed up, 25, 30 knots all
the time in the daytime.
So we were approaching the town. We could see we were
approaching the town, and Joe or Bill said -- I think it was Joe
said -- "There's a clearing over there," this side of the highway
where the school was located, and Joe said, "We'd better get down
into that clearing, " because the wind was coming up, our lateral
speed was increasing all the time.
He said, "We better try to
make that field or we may run out of anyplace to land. We'll be
downtown before we know it." And so we valved gas at a pretty

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1417, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EULGHAM - 5/26/95
7
good rate to clear the trees that surrounded that field and then
to try and get a vertical descent rate high enough that would get
us into this open area, and how big it was -- four, five, six
acres, maybe, in size. Maybe a few more than that
but not much
more.
Just prior to that, when we'd decided we'd better make it a
final landing, I said, "Why don't we clean up this cockpit a
little bit," the gondola. Because our helmets were lying in the
bottom of the gondola. There was some other crap down there.
So
I picked up my helmet and put it on, and everybody put their
helmets on, because we hadn't been flying...
2: Was Kittinger wearing that Canadian hunter's hat?
A: I don't recall what Joe had on. Bill had the same kind
of hat I had on. It's one of those bicycle hats, or helmets,
that was...
2: That he gave me?
A: Yeah. Bill and I wore those. Those were developed for
SAC air crews, you know, who had to go up and stay up 24 hours at
a time, and a regular P-1 helmet in those days was just so damn
heavy and...
Q: Well, I think that's what Kaufmann has on. He has the
standard issue helmet.
A: Yeah, he might.
2: And then you have the experimental.
A: Yeah. Mine was that SAC helmet that I had gotten. It
was cool as any...
Q: For those long missions they were flying?
A: Yeah. I put my helmet on, and it looked like we were
going to be all right coming in to the field, even though our

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 1918, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
8
lateral speed was up a little bit. And the way we effected a
final landing was to...
We had a electric squid, and you'd uncover the toggle
switch, and when we activated the toggle switch it blew an
electric, or sent an electric charge through an explosive bolt
that held the balloon to the top of the parachute.
And the
technique was to let the gondola hit the ground to kill some
lateral speed and hit the switch before the balloon could
rebound.
Q: To cut loose the balloon.
A: Yeah. To cut loose the balloon. So... Before it
rebounded and it carried the gondola back up again.
And what happened was, Bill hit the switch just a fraction
too soon. And we still had too much lateral speed. But when the
balloon cut loose, the lateral speed was such that the gondola
tin-canned on the ground. Just like if you throw an open-ended
tin can down on the ground and it just tumbled, end over end. I
don't remember how many times it did that. Maybe once or twice.
It came to rest upside down. And my position in the gondola
was on the bottom of the stack, with my head wedged in between
the lip of the gondola and the ground. And Bill Kaufmann and Joe
Kittinger were on top of me, so that I couldn't move, because
their combined weight just pinned me to the ground. And of
course they got that sorted out right quick, and they got moved
off the top of me, and then we jacked up the gondola and turned
it over on its side, and crawled out. I've forgotten. The
gondola weighed 600 pounds or something like that.
Q: Plus three guys.
A: So we were trying to assess, you know, our state. The
damage to the gondola. Nobody appeared to be hurt. There was no
pain or strain or anything. But Joe had a cut under his eye. It
was about a half-inch in length, but it was just bleeding like a
stuck pig. And it didn't look like a very deep cut, either.
Well, you know, any facial cut bleeds quite a bit anyway. But he

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 1952, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
9
appeared to be more wounded than he really was. It was not a
serious cut at all.
I was moving around the gondola and doing the same thing the
other two were, just picking up equipment and seeing what the
status was and everything, and I think a helicopter came in about
that time also.
A: Here it is. Page 21.
Q: Yeah. But that's from the first flight. That is not
the Roswell flight. That's when we were recovered out near El
Paso, the shorter run that we did. But that's the same
helicopter from Holloman, the one who tracked us the whole night.
That's the same one that came over
and picked me up and flew me
back to Holloman from the hospital.
During this moving around, I reached up to do something
about my face, either brush something off, no strain or anything,
and I felt my forehead out in front of the helmet. I didn't
realize it at first.
There was something there, like padding or
whatever, and so then when I pushed on it with my fingers I
realized
it was my forehead, and I thought, "Well, for Christ's
sake, you know."
I apparently damaged something, because my
forehead shouldn't be sticking out in front of the helmet. So I
said, "Uh-oh."
And I'm smart enough to know that I did something that I'm
just not feeling yet because there's no pain there or anything.
I may be injured to a point that I could go into shock or
something if I keep moving around. So I sat down immediately,
and took my helmet off.
Well, when I took my helmet off, my head started swelling.
Not just my forehead, but all of my head started swelling. And I
found out subsequently from the doctor that what had happened
was, I had crushed a lot of the blood vessels and the nerves when
that gondola had landed on top of my head and pinned me between
it and the ground. It did it on a, if I recall, almost on a
face-up attitude, so I got front and rear crushing motion, and it
did crush those blood vessels and nerves, and that's why I wasn't

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 1810, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
10
feeling anything, because the nerves were dead. And the blood,
the free blood that was
pouring out of these capillaries and
vessels was swelling my head.
It had to go somewhere, and there
was enough free skin there that was just loose enough that it
started swelling up.
Q: You felt it right away? The swelling?
A:
Oh, yeah.
Sure. When I still had that helmet on I
could feel my forehead push, pull -- puffed out in front of my
helmet. Now, that's not normal.
Q: I wouldn't think so.
No.
A:
So, I still felt no pain, no problem, but it was
getting to the point now that my face was beginning to swell a
little bit from all this liquid and everything, and finally my
eyes swelled shut.
Q:
Was this while you were still out there?
A: No. I think this was a progressive thing, and by the
time I got to the hospital the swelling was getting pretty bad.
It ultimately got to the point where the only way I could see was
to take my thumb and index finger and spread my eyelids.
There
was nothing wrong with my vision and everything, other than my
eyes were swollen shut. I could spread my eyelids and see, and
as soon as I let go my eyelid would snap shut again.
So, now you're injured, and you decided to lay down,
and to figure out what's going on.
A :
Well, I just didn't want to be up and moving around in
case my system was subject to going into shock. Because I knew
enough about physiology, and after all we were in the life
sciences business. I knew that pretty well. I don't recall the
exact sequence of events.
There was nothing spectacular, or
nothing notable or noteworthy about it. No matter how I wanted
to, I couldn't see myself, so I didn't know how bad I looked.
But I could tell by feeling that my head was considerably
enlarged. Considerably enlarged. The sort of thing where

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1283, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
11
somebody says, "Well, you don't look too hot." But it was sure I
didn't feel bad.
So when we arrived at the hospital...
2: How did they get you to the hospital?
A: I don't know. I thought we flew over in a helicopter.
I remember... I think I remember getting out of a helicopter at
the flight ramp in Roswell.
2: It was probably a five minute flight. A very short
flight.
A: Very short. Also, as I recall, when we got there
wasn't a doctor immediately available. I think they had to call
the doctor to come to the hospital.
2: Do you remember anything about your arrival?
A: After I arrived... I think we landed on the flight
ramp. We probably wound up riding in the ambulance to the
hospital, would be my guess.
l: Do you think you were walking, or did you lay down,
or...?
No, I was walking. There wasn't anything wrong with
me.
I felt fine. In fact, I remember very clearly, even before
either one of us was treated, Joe Kittinger and I sitting out on
the front steps of the hospital smoking cigarettes.
Q: Okay.
A: We went outside to smoke, and Joe's eye was still
bleeding. Not profusely, but he was still bloody from that
little cut on his face.
l: You sat out there. Were there civilians in the area?
A: I never seen anybody. It was early in the morning.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1603, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
12
Q: And you don't believe...
A: What we were waiting for was the doctor to get there.
And I recall at that time there was this controversy going on
with security in the hospital about who in the hell were we
anyway? We weren't supposed to be there, and nobody knew
anything about the Air Force officers flying balloons, and we
could have been The Intruders, you know, Kurt LeMay's famous, to
penetrate the security teams.
And I remember Joe trying to get
ahold of Colonel Stapp to establish our identities, and who we
were. And I guess that occurred sometime during the morning.
Well, in the meantime, the doctor showed up and he examined.
You know, he wanted to do an examination. He said, "You know,
we'd better wrap that head in something."
So he used an Ace
bandage, and he wrapped my head to keep it from continuing to
swell.
And I believe, I remember him discussing with me at that
time as to whether or not we ought to aspirate some of that
fluid. He wanted a decision, yes or no. I did know, the
decision was made that well, the helicopter was there and they
wanted to fly us back to Holloman. So we flew back in the
helicopter.
At that time, as I recalled earlier, you know, I couldn't
remember whether I spent the night at Roswell or went back to
Holloman, but the record seems to indicate...
l: Right.
A:
•..that I flew back to Holloman.
2: Yeah, you're...
A: On the...
Q:
On your medical record it shows you spending the night
at Holloman Hospital.
A: And there was some kind of party that night, and I put
on my uniform and went to the party. And my head was wrapped in

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1613, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
13
an ace bandage and my eyes were swollen shut. I had to be led
around. And I just took the position of, hell, I felt fine, I
didn't have a headache, I didn't feel bad. So I just stood
around in the crowd with my hand out, and somebody always kept
feeding me drinks and talking about how bad I looked, because my
eyes were now totally swollen shut, black underneath and... I
really didn't look swift at all.
Q:
yourself?
Were people shocked to see you? Did you look like
A: No. You couldn't recognize me. You couldn't recognize
me at all.
l: And your head was much bigger than it normally was?
A: Yeah. Much bigger. And this was that night.
The next day, or the day after -- I guess the next day, on
Sunday -- the flight surgeon at Holloman said, "You know," he
said, "we've got to do something about that swollen head, because
what will happen is scar tissue will form under there and you'll
be permanently disfigured."
He said, "You probably already are
going to be permanently disfigured to some degree. Some of that
swelling may never go away because of scar tissue and
everything." And he said, "What we need to do is aspirate some
of that fluid out of there and compress it down and see what we
can do."
l: According to your record, Dr. Les Eason-- and I spoke
with him -- he aspirated 20 cc's of blood.
A: Yeah. So he came at me with one of these ungodly huge
needles. I've forgotten what size it was now.
Q: Yeah. According to your record he aspirated the blood
on the day of the accident, back at Holloman.
A: Eight millimeters, or something like that.
Q: Twenty cc's of bloody fluid.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1175, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
14
A: Did it say what size needle he used? It was about an
eight millimeter, as I recall. I just remember it was a big damn
needle. It didn't particularly hurt because my head was still
numb.
The scalp, particularly, was numb. But he did take a lot
of fluid out, and rewrapped it again with an Ace bandage to keep
it down as tight as he could.
2: In this picture...
A: In that picture my head is considerably reduced.
Considerably reduced from what it was.
Q: So this is back at Wright-Patterson.
A: Yes.
Q: Some days later.
A: At Wright-Patterson. That's on a Monday or a Tuesday.
Q: Right. You had your return in on Sunday, according to
the record.
A: Yeah. It had been a Monday or a... Well, that could
have been Sunday afternoon.
Q: When you got right back.
A: Yeah. I don't remember. I remember being in the
airplane on the way back.
Q: Okay.
A :
But there was nothing notable about the flight that
sticks in my mind or anything like that. We were just going back
to Wright-Pat.
Q:
Okay. Before we move on a little bit I just want to
ask you what you remember about being at the hospital there. You
said you remembered arriving, smoking a cigarette...

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1147, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
15
A:
Where? At Roswell?
Q: At Walker Air Force Base. And you remember having a
cigarette on the front steps. And you don't remember civilians
being in the area.
A: I don't. I really don't.
Q: Do you remember any nurses being in the area, assisting
in the treatment?
A:
exam.
I don't. The doctor, you know, talking to me about,
does it hurt and, that's really, you know, the typical medical
How many doctors? Was there many doctors, or one
doctor?
A: Just one that I remember. I don't remember seeing any
other doctors in the hospital except for mine.
2: Who was he? To your knowledge.
A: I don't remember if he was one of the flight surgeons
or not. He was one of the Air Force doctors assigned to the
hospital.
l: Okay.
A: Keep in mind, by this time, now, my eyes are swollen
shut. So I'm not seeing much of anything. And if somebody asked
me a question or something and I thought I needed to see him to
respond to it, I'd pry my eyelids apart and look at him. But
other than that, you know, when I'd talk to people, I just
responded to verbal.
So did they keep you in like an examining room? Or did
you sit in a waiting room?

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1539, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
16
A :
No, I didn't sit in a waiting room, but I was perfectly
ambulatory and could get up and move around. I didn't know
whether I might go into shock also, so...
I can't remember sitting on either an examining table or a
bed. My head was swollen...
This time my forehead, before they aspirated all the fluid,
my forehead was actually drooping down over my eyebrows.
There
was that much fluid in there. It was that big. It was just
drooping down in front.
Q: And this was, you think this was when you were at
Walker?
A: Yeah.
Q: So, the swelling was immediate?
A: Yeah. There was a lot of loose fluid, you see. The
damaged blood vessels were leaking fluid into the scalp. Lots of
it. And over time...
Let's see, this was on Monday. That's loose blood, see,
that's coming down out of here, all around my nose and everything
there. My entire face turned yellow all the way down to where
the interstitial tissues are attached to the collarbone and the
sternum. So I was yellow, like a Chinese or an Oriental, all
over my face and down to that V. And there I was, white. But as
far as that free blood can drain, I turned yellow and black, just
like I was bruised. And that's the beginning of it there, but
that progressed, got worse and worse, as time went by.
2: While you were in the hospital you said that Capt.
Kittinger was trying to contact Dr. Stapp, John Paul Stapp, back
at Holloman.
A: No, not at Holloman. He was at Wright-Pat.
Q: He was at Wright-Patterson. But by this time was he
Air Med Laboratory Commander?

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1704, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
17
A: Yes. He assumed that command.
Q: Okay. So Kittinger was reporting in to him?
A: Yeah. And I'm not so sure that we were as much
concerned about reporting in to him as we were establishing our
identity for the security people. That was my impression of what
the urgency of getting ahold of staff was.
There would be two things. One, Stapp hearing that there
had been a problem and him not knowing about it, so we wanted to
report to him that yeah, we had an accident, but everybody's all
right. And no great damage done, and no damage to the gondola or
anything like that. Just got cut up a little bit, but everything
is fine. And the other was, I think the more urgent part of it,
was the identity problem. I tell you, SAC was damn serious about
security.
So was this commonplace in the Air Force, as far
getting involved with SAC?
A: Oh, yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. The security of the
nuclear strike force was paramount. SAC ran the Air Force in
those days.
Q: You weren't SAC. But did you ever have a run-in with
these guys?
A :
Run-in's with them?
Security people on SAC bases?
Yeah. Lots of times. And when there are single-engine airplanes
around, you're always going to wind up in positions where, I
don't care if it is a SAC base, I got to land, you know. I've
got to get fuel or something, or the weather is bad and you can't
go any further and you got to land.
It was always, if you landed without prior permission you
were going to get interrogated by the security people. There was
nothing that Curtis E. LeMay liked better than to send out people
that just suddenly showed up and landed on the base, and
everybody says, well, it's an Air Force airplane so it's okay,

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1574, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
18
and then out would come his IG and just really rip everybody --
probably more wing commanders lost their jobs over that kind of
thing than anything else that happened.
Q:
physically?
So Capt. Joe Kittinger. How would you describe him
A: Joe was about average height. He was always a little
bit on the heavy side. Not chubby, not fat, but he was a stocky
build. Red hair, freckle-faced.
2: What kind of red hair was this? A little red, or...?
A: It was red. It was cherry red.
Q: He's a pretty formidable figure.
A: Well, we didn't think so. We were just all captains
together.
Q: Did you...
I know you were getting treated but at that
time did you hear a discussion or overhear any altercations that
Col. Kittinger may have gotten into that day?
A:
No. I never heard anything. I never heard anything.
I was involved in the physical exam and stuff like that, and Joe
and Bill were off doing whatever they were doing.
l: Capt. Kittinger at that time, would he have ever had an
NCO that assisted him on this particular morning, who would have
been a black man, that you can remember?
A: I don't remember that. I really don't remember a black
NCO. I know that there were a lot of people that were involved
in helping in the operation necessarily.
I can't remember specifically. My contacts with that crew,
the actual flight crew and everything, was at night, because
that's when we went down, inflated the balloon and made the take-
off, was after dark. He didn't belong my to operation back at
Wright-Pat. And both of the two flights that we made were the

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2079, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
19
only two times I was ever at the Holloman, so I didn't know any
of those people at all. And Joe flew out of there all the time,
so he knew them quite well.
Q: Okay. Getting back to Holloman, when you were getting
ready to leave. Were you... Who else was on the 131? Was it a
regularly scheduled flight, or...
A: It took us back to Wright-Pat. I don't recall when.
In those days there was a kind of a shuttle service that went
around out of AFSC Headquarters down to Wright-Patterson. And
this could have been one of the shuttles, or sent an airplane out
special or, I just don't know. I don't know whether they sent
somebody out special or if it was just one of the shuttles out
moving around. And it could have been anybody I could have know.
When we got back to Wright-Pat... Of course, that R&D
community there, even though it's a huge base and everything it's
a pretty small-knit community anyway. But I had talked to my
wife just for a minute after I got back to Holloman, just to let
her know that I had been in an accident but I wasn't hurt,
because I knew what kind of publicity had gotten out to the
newspapers or anything, and told her I was just fine. A little
banged up, but nothing to be worried about.
But I looked awful, and when I got off the airplane at
Wright-Pat, and of course the base operations had called her and
told her what time I was going to be there on the airplane that
night, so she's there to meet me. When I came down the stairs of
the airplane and she was there on the ramp close to the steps,
and she saw me and realized that it was me, she just burst into
tears because I looked so awful. You know, I looked like I ought
to be more dead than alive.
And that was sort of the reaction I got from everybody. In
fact, when I went back to the lab the next day, on the job, I
walked in and stood at the desk in front of my secretary -- my
secretary - and was talking to her and mentioned this or that,
and all of a sudden there was this long pause, and she looked at
me and she said, "Capt. Fulgham, is that you?" And she burst

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1591, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
20
into tears. Because she had been talking to me, not realizing
who I was. That's how different I really looked.
And with my eyes swollen shut and black marks all over my
face from that blood draining down, I just looked like somebody
that evoke immediate, compassionate sympathy. People went, "God
Almighty, that guy is really a mess." And of course I didn't
feel bad at all except that any time I lowered my head and my
torso enough to raise my blood pressure... I didn't do that very
much or very long because it was very painful, because these
nerves began to come back to life and I had some pretty bad
headaches.
In fact, at night I couldn't sleep lying down. I had
to sleep sitting up. I was in pain. It was just throbbing pain.
And that went on for a couple of weeks.
But other than that I was fine. I was back to...
Q: Back to flying status?
A: Well, I didn't go back to flying for a while, until my
head settled down enough to wear a helmet and my eyes opened up,
which they were already starting to do there.
Q: Was that the end of your balloon flying career?
A: Yeah. We didn't... I think that incident didn't have
anything to do with it, but the budget crunch got us, and we
wound up with just enough money for Joe to make a couple of
flights, and so since he was the senior officer of the three of
us and had the most experience he elected to go ahead and do both
of those High Dive jumps.
Q: Actually, three of them.
A: Or three. I don't remember. I remember two of them.
And I don't think the Stargazer ever got off the ground.
Q: Yeah. It did.
A: Did it?

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1349, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95
21
Q: It did.
A: He flew that.
Q: Kittinger, with Dr. White, from the China Lake Naval
Research [Center] •
A :
And I just didn't... Because it wasn't too long after
that that I think I was gone to Purdue then.
Q: Right. The final questions for you.
While you were there at the Air Med Lab, during the mid-
50's, did you ever hear people discussing or talking -- late 50's
-- discussing any of this UFO business?
A: No, I don't remember any of it ever being discussed. I
know that all through the 50's, though, there were
occasionally....
During your tour at Air Med Laboratory in the late
50's, did you ever see anything kept in a cold storage or frozen
that anyone would consider to be something from outer space, some
space alien?
A: No. Never. Never, to my knowledge of anything of that
nature at all.
(Inaudible)... for me the research work that was carried on
was just...
Not at the Air Med Lab. I never heard anybody talk about
anything like that. In fact, when you brought that up as part of
this investigation, it was the first time I'd ever heard that.
Q:
This is also the first time anybody has spoken to you
about you possibly being involved in this Roswell Incident?
A: Yeah. I was totally surprised by that. I just hadn't
gotten any idea that anything like that could have been
associated with the work we were doing.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 223, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
FULGHAM - 5/26/95

Or Okay. Do you have anything to add? That will probably
feiielel Gus Wwaeclo dae Uye)<

A: No. ‘_ don't think so. 1 think between this and the
other discussions we've had, that's pretty much it.

(END)
