{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-13T09:12:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 16, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6641813, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989233.pdf", "source_sha256": "6fe3b8d38fcb67193f0b283348d0839c67116aca8c5baa09deb145bb7162d96f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2889, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Place: Mary Ester, FL
Date: 31 May 95
I, Roland H. Lutz, CMSgt, USAF, (Ret), hereby state that James McAndrew was
identified as a Lieutenant, USAFR on this date at my home and do hereby, voluntarily and
of my own free will, make the following statement. This was done without having been
subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement.
I enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1947 and transferred to the U.S. Air Force in 1958. In June,
1958 I was assigned to the flight surgeon's office at Holloman AFB, NM as an Aero
Medical Technician. I served several tours in Southeast Asia and retired from the Air
Force in 1974 as an Aero Medical Superintendent.
On May 20-21, 1959 I was assigned to provide medical coverage for a balloon training
mission that took off from Holloman AFB and ended with a crash near Roswell, NM.
Capt Joe Kittinger was training two other pilots, Capt Fulgham and Capt Kaufman. I
followed the balloon in an ambulance during the night and at daybreak I followed the
balloon in an H-21 helicopter. Just after daybreak I saw the balloon crash and the three
pilots were dumped form the gondola. I immediately informed the helicopter pilot and we
landed in a field on which cattle were grazing. I recall the rancher was upset because the
helicopter was frightening his cattle and some cattle had gotten out of the field.
I assesed the injuries to the pilots and recommended they be taken immediately to the
closest hospital which was at Walker AFB, apprximately 5 to 10 minutes away by
helicopter. Capt Fulgham's head was swelling due to a hemotoma he received when the
gondola struck him. Capt Kittinger was cut on the face and was bleeding, Capt Kaufman
was uninjured. At Walker I remember a telephone conversation with a flight surgeon who
told me to "go home and sleep it off". He apparently did not believe my story of three Air
Force pilots that were victims of a balloon crash. However, I was able to convince him and
he treated Capt Fulgham and Capt Kittinger. While at the hospital Capt Fulgham's head
had swelled enormously and his eyes were beginning to turn black.
I do not recall that anything unusual occurred at the hospital at Walker. I remember the
three pilots sitting on a bench in the hallway waiting to be treated. I do not remember that
Capt Kittinger was involved in an altercation with anyone while at the hospital, if he had, I
would have known about it. Capt Kittinger was concerned with getting medical treatment
for his injured crew member, Capt Fulgham, and returning to Holloman. I also do not
recall a black NCO accompanying Capt Kittinger while we were at the hospital. I do not
remember a nurse assisting in the treatment of Capt Fulgham or Capt Kittinger. I also do
not remember a male civilian or any personnel or vehicles from a mortuary, and I do not
recall any remains in body bags in the hospital.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 131, "chars": 844, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I was present the entire time when the events described here took place. I am certain that
this event had nothing to do with "space aliens" or any other irregular activity that would
require a cover up. It was a balloon crash and nothing else.
I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold or provide misleading information to the
United States Government or the American public. There is no classified information that
I am withholding related to this inquiry and I have never been threatened by U.S.
Government persons concerning refraining from talking about this matter.
SIGNED:
Roland A letig
Roland H. Lutz, CMSgt, USAF, (Ret)
Subscribed and sworn before me, an
individual authorized to administer
oaths this 31st day of May 1995
at Mary Ester, FL
wes Min
James McAndrew, 1st Lt, USAFR
WITNESS(s):
Harry C. Aderholt, Brig. Gen., USAF (Ret)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1680, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Chief Master Sergeant Hap Lutz (Ret)
31 May 1995
Interviewer: 1st Lt James McAndrew
2: I sent you in the mail a copy of a report we wrote last
summer at the Secretary of the Air Force's office where we were
asked by the GAO to investigate or do some research on something
that's known as the Roswell incident. I sent you that. Did you
have a chance to review that?
A: Yes, I did.
2: For the record, I'd just like you to state your name.
A:
My name is Roland H. Lutz, Chief Master Sergeant,
Retired, United States Air Force. I live at 707 Crestwood
Street, Mary Esther, Florida.
Q:
We're going to discuss a particular incident in 1959.
But if you could just give a brief overview of your training and
positions you held in the Air Force.
A :
Let me start at the Navy. In fact, I enlisted in the
Navy in October 1947. I spent some 12 years in the Navy. In
1958, I transferred over to the Air Force from the Navy. My
first assignment was to Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico as
Air Medical Technician with the Flight Surgeon's Office.
I subsequently became the NCOIC of the Flight Surgeon's
Office, and my collateral duties were at the Human Tolerances
Branch at Holloman Air Force Base as a sled test subject, riding
the sleds periodically and working in the research lab, out there
with Colonel Stapp, Captain Ely Beeding, and also I was
associated with Captain Joe Kittinger, the Man-High Project,
wherein I covered his balloon jumps over the ranges of New
Mexico. And as well, his sort of medic assistant on many of his
incursions, and the balloon. Those were my primary duties.
I also flew search and rescue for
incidences on the ranges
in and around Holloman Air Force Base.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1895, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
2
in that particular mission, in that project, and explain what you
remember about that day, that mission.
A: I was assigned that mission by my flight surgeon, Les
Eason, a captain at that time, now out of the Air Force and
retired, of course. A doctor, flight surgeon. He asked me to
cover this particular mission from Holloman Air Force Base over
the San Andreas mountains to Roswell, New Mexico, and the
surrounding area of Walker Air Force Base. It was a balloon of
three individuals involved in the gondola. Captain Kaufman,
Captain Fulgham and Captain Kittinger as the pilot of the
balloon.
The purpose was to train these individuals in balloon
handling and touch and go's and so forth and so on. And my
mission, of course, was to cover them medically if there were any
incidents that might occur during this mission.
So they launched, and I launched my [ambulancel. Followed
them over the mountains at night, and the following morning I
took up in a helicopter, an H-21 helicopter. It was during this
time, I don't recall, right at daybreak, somewhere around there.
But I peered out the window of the helicopter and saw a dust
devil catch the gondola as they were doing touch and go's, and
dump all three occupants from the gondola.
I asked the pilot to land immediately, and I responded to
their needs immediately, and noted that Captain Kittinger was
bleeding. Not profusely. Primarily from cuts and bruises, and
from whatever kinds of weed he might have tangled with. Captain
Fulgham, the leading edge of the gondola had caught his helmet.
I knew that he was in dire straits. Captain Kaufman looked
reasonably well.
So I preceded to put them in the helicopter and respond to
Walker Air Force Base.
It was this time, when the helicopter landed, that...
Ostensibly, this man had prize cattle, the rancher on this...
2: It's always prize cattle. (Laughter)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 1894, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
3
Right. He came running at the helicopter and me
shaking his fist and shouting, "My cattle have broken the fence.
Go round them up. "
I told him I wasn't a cowboy, that I was a medic and I had
some injured people.
He was not concerned about us, he was
concerned about his cattle, of course.
I remember vaguely the cattle breaking the fence, and
hopefully they would not come towards us, and they didn't.
But then we went into Walker Air Force Base and took my
patients in there, as it were. My first thing was to call a
flight surgeon, of course. I called the duty flight surgeon at
home. I told him I had three people that were injured in a
gondola accident, and I don't recall the flight surgeon's name,
because it wasn't important at the time. He said, "Go home and
sleep it off." I guess he thought I'd been drinking all night.
So I called the second flight surgeon, and I got the same
initial response. "Hey, I'm having fun sleeping. Go sleep it
off, " essentially. The words not exactly to that, but the same
thing.
I finally called the hospital commander and told him, and he
said, "I'll be right there, Sergeant Lutz." That's when he
responded to the urgency of the matter.
It was then that they were taken into... Of course they
were taken into the emergency room, but we had some minor problem
with the security of the thing. I was not involved with that,
however. My concern was these three individuals. I was staying
with them, whatever happened. I remember that, and being with
them until they got into the emergency room for a complete
checkout when the hospital commander finally got there.
Following that, I saw Captain Fulgham on several occasions,
and I knew then that his head was swelling. We thought about, me
being included in the conversation, me not being the person that
was going to do it, but aspirating the hematoma that had occurred

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 1914, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
4
around his head which at this time had grown to enormity. Of
course his eyes had blackened, the sockets around it had turned
black as a result of the blood collecting around it. The
hematoma had gotten larger. Talk of aspiration was done, but
then we decided, I think, somewhere in this conversation, to put
him in an aircraft that was safe to fly him in from there to
Holloman Air Force Base and perhaps take that task at that point.
We got an aircraft, C-54 type. I did not go in the
aircraft. Captain Kittinger, Captain Kaufman did. I responded
back to my, I called my boss, Major Joe Gainey who was hospital
commander at Holloman Air Force Base, gave him an overview of the
details, told him everything was well in hand, and asked him to
relay this message to Dr. Eason. I told him as much as I could
about the incident.
Somewhere along the line, I also mentioned that this was a
classified mission.
I don't know what the classification was. I
still don't know what the classification is, for that matter.
They told me it was classified to the extent that, I guess to
keep onlookers and this type of thing away, but there was no
secrets involved in the thing, or they wouldn't have flown over
the mountains or into people's cow pastures.
That's about all I have on the thing.
I remember there was...
I've been asked if there was a
nurse there. I don't recall a nurse being there. And a black
sergeant. I don't recall any black sergeant being there
whatsoever. I remember some folks scurrying around after they
finally took, note of the fact, yes, that we did have somewhat of
an emergency here. They were more in awe of what the
circumstances were than they seemed to be in taking care of the
matter.
So I tried to pitch in and be an assistant medic as well
as...
Since it was not on my turf, I sort of laid back on those
things.
Q: I'll just ask you a few specifics.
A: Sure.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1254, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
5
Q: You kind of remember it the way the other guys did.
What I'll ask you about is, when you saw the accident, do you
remember if there were other Air Force people on the ground that
were in the area, other than the three pilots in the balloon?
A:
I have to be very frank with you. I don't. I simply
don't. Undoubtedly they were, but it was not to my... That
probably was not a point of my interest. My interest was getting
into the helicopter and covering them. No, I simply don't.
2: You said you were in the helicopter and you followed
them during the daylight, but then you mentioned an ambulance?
A: No, no. I took the ambulance.
Q: You...
A:
I wasn't in a helicopter all the time.
Q: At night time you were in the ambulance?
A:
Yes, over the mountains. I followed their red lights
on the gondola. Their running lights.
Q: So you were in the ambulance...
A: I drove the ambulance. I started off in an ambulance,
right, and drove it over the mountains.
2: Were you, did you see them take off from Holloman?
Oh, yeah. I saw the whole thing. Then I followed
them. That was my mission.
Q: You watched their lights and...
A: Right.
2: Then at daybreak or thereabouts, you transferred from
the ambulance to the helicopter?

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1558, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
A: That's right.
Q: When they were dumped out, you looked them over, saw
that you had an injury, got them on the helicopter...
A :
I made a cursory examination right away, right. I
could see that Fulgham's head was starting to spell right way.
It was a sudden onset type of thing. The blow was so traumatic
that the injury response was swelling of the head almost
immediately. I could see that.
I did not remember...
I may have, but I don't remember
moving his helmet, or his helmet got knocked off. I don't
remember that. I know it's important, probably, to the
investigation, but I don't remember.
It may have been on of the
things I did as a result of it.
If it was still on, I would have
removed it because of the swelling to prevent further injury.
That would be my first reaction.
So from the time the gondola hit the ground until the
time you got there, how long was that?
A: Minutes.
2: Do you know about where this happened?
A: I know it happened in a rancher's cow pasture.
l: In relation to Walker Air Force Base?
A: It wasn't that long... No, five to ten minutes flight,
perhaps, at the most.
The excitement of the time and the shock of the thing even
happening probably preoccupied my senses as well. My concern was
them, and that's all I focused on. I wasn't thinking about time
or when it started or when it happened or anything like that. I
know it was early in the morning. I do know that.
It had to be early in the morning, to back up what I said
about the doctors' not wanting to respond and not come to the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1741, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
7
emergency room. It couldn't have been that far away, either,
because it was still light when this incident happened, and it
was still light when I got there and still early when I got
there. That's the thing I guess I'm trying to verify.
Q: When you got to Walker, do you remember where the
helicopter landed?
A: No. Because it wasn't that far from the hospital area.
I know that. I don't remember where the hospital area was.
Q: Do you remember any security people meeting the
helicopter?
A: No, I don't.
This all could well have happened, but my concern was these
three individuals.
Whatever, I knew what I had to do and I knew
what I was going to do, and that was what I was primarily
concerned with.
I don't remember meeting any or having any
conversation with any, or anybody telling me we couldn't do this
on couldn't do that.
No, I don't.
2: When you got to the hospital, you told me you don't
remember any involvement with a nurse.
A: No, I don't. I got almost immediately on the phone. I
sat them down in a hallway, as I recall. There was sort of a
bench-type thing. Joe Kittinger might have sat on the left or
right, and Fulgham probably was in the middle, and Kaufman was
probably on his side -- more or less
to look after him. I went
immediately for the phone to get a flight surgeon down there.
Joe was in enough sensibility that he could take care of the
others if anything happened during my absence to get on the
phone. That's when I got on the phone and told them I needed a
flight surgeon. So for all intents and purposes, I was away from
them probably for five to six minutes, trying to get somebody
down there to peer at them and examine them.
Q: Were there other people in the hospital?

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1474, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
8
There were. I saw people around me, but no one seemed
to be the individual to take on... Like I shouldn't have been on
the phone, for instance. Somebody else should have been on the
phone. But no one seemed to take an interest. And I'm not
demeaning them, don't get me wrong. It just seems like... They
were all quite confused, what was going on. I didn't have time
to explain to them. I may have mentioned that, "Yeah, we've got
three people here injured. I need a flight surgeon."
But since
no one reacted, I reacted, as I'd been trained to do.
So as you said before, you said the doctor said "Sleep it
off. "
A: Two of them.
Q: Was this odd to them for you to say there were three
Air Force pilots that were flying a balloon that were injured?
Was that it?
A: Yes, it was completely unknown to them. They had no
idea... Who the hell's in a balloon, you know.
Q: They weren't involved in any of the experiments over
Holloman.
A: No, no. And of course, apparently, no one was either
forewarned or told that we were coming. Guess who's coming to
breakfast?
2: So you didn't remember a nurse, and you also said you
did not remember a black NCO.
A: No, I do not.
The story that's been told is that a black NCO was
accompanying an angry red-headed captain. Does any of that...
A: Nothing jells there with me. Number one, he was not
angry, he was, if anything, probably the calming influence to all
of us, if you're talking about Joe Kittinger.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1226, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
9
Q:
headea...
Would he be the one you'd think would be the red-
A: Oh, yeah. He's got shock red hair. Absolutely.
Q: Bright red hair?
A: Oh, yeah. A little gray in it now, but for all the
things he's been through, he deserves it. (Laughter)
Q: So you don't remember any black NCO accompanying him
with a clipboard, walking around.
A: No. No, I do not. I would have challenged that. Why
would he even be doing that when I couldn't even get people to
assist.
Q: In your group that you remember you were working with,
there were the three pilots -- Kittinger, Fulgham and Kaufman.
A: Yes.
Q: You.
A: Yes.
Q: Do you remember the helicopter pilot? Was he at all
involved, did he stay with the airplane?
A: I can't tell you.
Q: But in your little group that went to the hospital, no
other guy came with you to assist you or to assist...
A :
Not that I remember. I wish I could say yes, but I
just don't remember. Because I followed them right through the
scenario that I gave you. The bench. As I recall, they were all
three on a bench. Joe was on one end or the other, and I can't
remember. I'm going to call it the left end of the bench, and
Kaufman was on this end, and Fulgham was in the middle.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1496, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
10
That's the way I perceived it, and told them I had to go get
a flight surgeon. I remember telling Captain Kittinger I had to
get a flight surgeon. "Go ahead," you know.
Q: Do you remember Colonel Kittinger, or Captain Kittinger
at that time, getting involved in
any altercations while he was
there?
A: No. Absolutely none.
l: Do you remember a male civilian that he had a
discussion with or...
A :
No, I didn't see any male civilians there. If there
was a civilian, it may have given the appearance of a civilian if
it was anybody dressed in whites that may have worked in or
around the emergency room or the office there.
Q: Did you see anyone there -- I don't know how you would
tell -- but did you see anyone there or any equipment that you'd
identified as being from a mortuary or a mortician?
A: No, thank God. That would have been rather awesome.
Come to haul the bodies away before we even save them.
(Laughter)
2: When you were in the hospital that day, did you see any
human remains that were being transported in a body bag?
A: No.
Q: Were you in a particular hurry when you were there, or
not in a hurry?
A: Hurry? No, I wouldn't classify it as a hurry. I was
in a position of concern. I wasn't in a hurry... My concern, of
course, was that these people got attended to.
That may have
given the appearance of being in a hurry. But any emergency
situation always gives the appearance of hurriedness.
Q: Did you participate in the treatment of Fulgham?

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 1921, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
11
A:
I went in the treatment room.
I don't think I
participated in the treatment. I remember Joe being sewed up
cosmetically with 6-0 silk. I remember that. he probably got
into the bramble bush out there or whatever they call it.
I
remember vaguely him being sewed up in a couple of places. I
remember his eyes, also.
He was concerned because he had a flight physical a couple
of days later coming up. As I wrote in some of the articles I've
written about the incident, I told him he didn't have any
concern. This is all after the fact, now. But he was worried
about not passing the eye part of the thing because his eyes were
closing on him after the trauma that he sustained. But a lot of
it was precipitated, too, by the suturing that was done. No.
I may have participated in taking care of some of their
garments or something like this.
But again, when you're on other
people's turf, you don't know their routine, you don't know what
their medical
suture trays are or anything. You just don't go in
and contaminate their emergency room, no.
Q:
Fulgham?
Do you remember how many doctors treated Captain
A :
I'm going to say one. But I can't swear to that. I
think when the bell finally tolled, and people realized that
there was an aircraft incident, non-dirigible aerostat incident,
that people finally got out of bed and responded. After the
hospital commander came down there and started shaking the trees,
yeah. But I don't remember them coming in there half dressed or
anything like that. But I feel confident they did respond, yes.
But at this point I probably was out in the waiting room, or
calling my doctor at Holloman, too. I could have been on the
phone, you see. I gave him a full report, as much as I could.
0: Where was this phone you were using?
A: I don't know. It was in one of the offices located
near the... Not in the emergency room, but located very close to
it.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1391, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
12
Q: The doctor that treated Fulgham and Kittinger, was he a
regular staff doctor there? Do you think he worked there?
A: It's hard for me to say. Undoubtedly assigned to
Walker, if that's what you mean.
Q: Yes.
A: Nobody that we brought with us, no.
2: Do you remember how you left?
A: You know, I may have gone back on that aircraft, but I
don't remember.
l: Did you leave by helicopter?
A: I could have done that, too. I just simply don't
remember. I wish I could be more specific about it. I could
have gone back on the C-54 I don't think I did. I remember going
down to the flight line with Fulgham and Kaufman and saying
goodbye, or more or less waving them off. I probably went back
on the helicopter. I just don't remember.
Q: So you think they left on a fixed wing aircraft from
Walker?
A: Yeah. This is one of the requirements I asked for, was
an aircraft that could be pressurized because of his head injury.
I specifically remember asking for a pressurized aircraft if we
were going to fly him anywhere. Not in a helicopter that went to
altitude. Any amount of pressure after the sustained injury
would cause further injury.
Could this be, looking at his official medical record
from his file, he was... after he got initial emergency care at
Walker, he then, when they got back to Holloman, he was admitted
to the hospital by Dr. Eason.
A: Yeah.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1194, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
13
2: Then about four days later he was released, he was TDY
to Holloman, so he was released back to Wright-Patterson.
A: Right.
2: I guess what I'm asking is, was he... Colonel
Kittinger and Kaufman and Fulgham, they remember getting like a
transport type airplane to go back to Wright-Patterson. Do you
think you could be confusing his transport back to wright-
Patterson?
A: I could be. Absolutely. Absolutely.
But you remember this plane, for lack of a better word,
was a special flight?
A: Yeah. Absolutely. It was definitely for that purpose,
as I recall.
l:
I guess that takes care of 1959. Now I'd just like to
ask a question. You said you'd written about this.
A: Yes, I have.
Q: You showed me something you had written in...
A: Air Commando Newsletter. I first wrote this article in
September of 1993. I wrote a sequel to this in the March issue
of 1994.
Q: Did you know this was involved in this Roswell
incident?
A: Absolutely not.
Q: What made you decide to write about it?
A:
I write stories, and I try to bring interest to the
membership about some of my exploits over the years. This
happened to occur to me. Having seen Captain Kittinger on many

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 888, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CMSGT HAP LUTZ (Ret) - 5/31/95
14
occasions, and having served with him since this 1959 incident,
and him being the individual... I guess and his ongoing
exploits, crossing the Atlantic in a balloon. I thought it would
be keen to our readers to write this story.
2:
something...
So this incident stuck out in your head as being
A: It was a high point in my life. Absolutely.
(Laughter)
Q:
So there were no serious injuries, so it was kind of,
looking back, it was kind of hilarious...
A: Yeah, since everybody's alive and well, absolutely. I
wish all the other stories had the same ending.
2: I think that's all I have. If you have anything you'd
like to add.
A :
I wish I could be more specific, as I told you, but
that's all I remember and if anything occurs or jobs my memory
again or since, I'll certainly be glad to get in touch with you
and pass it on. But that's all I have.
(END)
