{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:54:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1183261, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989248.pdf", "source_sha256": "6642f0b1d213f54551f8eb3c94b81104ae7c8f998716bd300ad6f294edfd822e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3197, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Date: 29 Jun 94
Place: Falls Church, VA
I, Albert C. Trakowski, hereby state that Jeffrey Butler, was identified as a Colonel, USAF and
Jim McAndrew, was identified as a Lieutenant, USAF on this date at my home and do hereby,
voluntarily and of my own free will, make the following statement. This is done without having
been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement.
I was provided a background on the Air Force efforts related to the GAO audit and it's association
with the "Roswell Incident" and project Mogul. I personally know all the persons that Col Butler
identified to me as having been contacted in this effort (Spilhaus, Moore, Istan, Fletcher, Ms
Duffy. I have also been contacted by several researchers and writers and discussed project Mogul
and provided some documents to some of them. Robert Todd, I'm not sure whether he was a
believer or not. Charles Ziegler was working on the history of nuclear weapons detection
capability. He had some letters/papers that I did not have such as the letters the Gen Spaatz
directed the establishment of project Mogul. Carl Pflock apparently wanted to establish the
"incident" of Roswell as a UFO incident. Charlie Moore was primarily responsible for
development of the constant level balloons for lifting the instrument packages. Concerning a cover
story for the project Mogul, there was no planned cover story. I do not recall any documentation
nor any efforts to develop a cover story even though the security for Mogul was of great concern.
Charlie Moore and Athel Spilhaus used meteorological research as a cover but this was a spur of
the moment effort-it was an obvious answer to a query--there was no documentation for using
meteorology. We never considered a planned cover story; we were concerned with security.
I was the project officer succeeding Col Duffy in approximately November 1946. My primary
purpose was nuclear weapons and guided missiles detection programs. Previously, I was
appointed as the laboratory chief in the Signal Corps as an Air Force officer in charge of the
Spherics program and later for the development of weather radar. Since my background was in
physics, I took over project Mogul. It was the only Top Secret project at Watson Labs and I was
the Top Secret Control Officer, so I knew the impacts with security associated with the project.
We moved from Watson Labs to Cambridge Me which combined became the Air Force
Cambridge Research Center, and I became the Director of the Air Force Geophysics Lab (and
remained so until 1949). Through 1949, I was the director of both MX968 and Mogul. As the
Mogul director, I went to Alamorgordo Army Air Field in early July 1947, to observe the New
York University balloon group. The "Roswell Incident" occurred after we had returned to Red
Bank (Watson lab) NJ. I became aware of this only after Col Duffy called me from Wright Field
from his home. This was just an informational call, he just wanted to let me know that someone
had come to him with some debris from New Mexico and he said, "this sure looked like some of
the stuff that you launched from Alamorgordo." Duffy was very familiar with the various
1A-3

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2057, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
apparatus and materials for the project, so if he said that it was debris from the project, I'm sure
that's what it was. He was not concerned with a breach of security for the project.
Concerning the name Maj Pritchard, he may have worked for me but I don't recall him. I have no
knowledge of any counterintelligence. or intelligence persons on the project or associated with my
directorate at Watson or Cambridge Labs. When we took over the project, we were aware of the
sensitivity of the project--we were aware that we were working in the open--it was a weakness of
security because the activity could be observed. I never observed any of the balloon "trains" but I
did see some of the early reflectors. Some of the reflectors were procured from sources out of
normal channels. Some of the contractors lined up were not quite in concert with typical Signal
Corps practices and procedures. Jack Peterson was very energetic and could make procurement
actions take place. Ed Itsvan, who I believe actually arranged for production for some of the
reflectors, actually went to a toy manufacturer in New York city to get some. It was kind of a
standing joke. I remember that some of the prototype and preproduction targets had this pink or
purplish tape holding the material to the balsa beam. This tape had flowers and other designs on it.
The reflectors were probably made starting in late 1944 but I do not recall how long the
production run was. I do not recall any other specific attributes but they were geometrically and
structurally simple.
I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold information from either the US government or
American public. There is no classified information that I am withholding related to this inquiry
and I have never been threatened by US Government persons concerning refraining from talking
about this situation.
SIGNED:
WITNESS (s):
Subscribed and sworn to before me, a
person authorized to administer oaths
this
*th day of June 1994 at Falls Church, VA
JEFFRENO
Suth
BUTLER, COL, USAF
ames
MilL
JAMES MANDREW, 1LT, USAF
