{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-09T22:45:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11288198, "source_ctime_ns": 1788416935665458043, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989275.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785564534760000000, "source_rel": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989275.pdf", "source_sha256": "548021cf29726d45fe38d5fda722766463073a841ac3bd70c7f2d1e819926637"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3005, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I was asked to provide this statement, by It. Col. Joseph V. Rogan who advised
me, he was assisting in an investigation at the behest of the secretary of the
Air Force, for the GAO, to look into facts concerning what has become to be known
as "The Roswell Incident".
service. I was the only weather forecaster on duty in the Fort Worth base weather
and flight service center. The base weather covered only the base the flight
service center covered most of the southwest states. I received a call from some
one in General Ramey's office who asked that I go to the General's office. I
informed him that I was the only forecaster on duty and could not leave. Several
minutes later General Ramey Himself called and said "get your ass over here If
MI was met at the General's office by a It Col or Col who told me that some one
had found a flying saucer in New Mexico and they had it in the General's Office.
And that a flight had been set up to send it to Wright Patterson AFB OH., but
the General suspicioned that it might be meteorological equipment or something
of that nature and wanted it examined by qualified meteorological personnel.
The Col and I walked into the General's office where this supposed flying
Several people were in the room when I went in, among them, General Ramey,
folks. Someone introduced Major Marcel as the person who found this material.
I told them that this was a balloon and a RAWIN target. I believed this because
I had seen many of these before. They were normally launched by a special crew
and followed by a ground radar unit. They provided a higher altitude winds
aloft. We did not use them at Fort Worth. However, I was familiar with them
because we used them and their products on various projects in which I was
involved. These were used mostly on special projects and overseas. The balloon
was made out of a rubber type expandable material and when launched was about
six to eight feet across. When the balloons got to altitude they expanded to
twenty feet or more. The target was used for radar reflections and I believe each
leg of the target was approximately 48 inches. It resembled a child's Jack (like
a child's ball and jacks set) with a metallic material between the legs. The legs
A While I was examining the debris, Major Marcel was picking up pieces of the
target sticks and trying to convince me that some notations on the sticks were
alien writings. There were figures on the sticks lavender or pink in color,
ma tryingere s
hi remember hearing the General tell someone to cancel the flight the flight
to Wright Patterson. Ah.
While in the office several pictures were taken of Major Marcel, General Ramey,
myself and others..
A During the ensuing years I have been interviewed by many authors, I have been
quoted and misquoted. The facts remain as indicated above. I was not influenced
during the original interview, nor today, to provide anything but what I know
to be true, that is,
remains of a balloon and a RAWIN target. Jin,
Page three of three

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 420, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CU
J. ALLEN HYNEK
CENTER FOR
UFO STUDIES
UFO Resource Facility
Library and Publication Sales
2457 W. Peterson Ave.
Chicago, IL 60659
(312) 271-3611
November 10, 1990
Mr. Irving Newton
222 Driftwind Drive
San Antonio, Texas 78239
Dear Mr. Newton:
Thank you again for your help. Enclosed are the copies I promised to send you.
We look forward to meeting you in the near future.
Sincerely,
donald Schmitt
Donald R. Schmitt

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 604, "chars": 3480, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Johnson actually took a primary and a back-up ex-
posure of each set-up, thus bringing the total
number of known pictures of the Roswell wreckage
in Ramey's office to seven. *
all over that room, Ramey's office.
-ave you ever told that story
before about what McMullan
This room here? (Pointing to the pic-
ture of Ramey ond himself with the
debris in Ramey's office.)
said to you!
No. No, because when someone told
me to do something, I'm a good soldier
Yeah.
and I do what they tell me. Outside of
you asking me about it, no, I haven't
At this point, the general looked at me
told anyone. Now when I tell you that,
almost scoldingly, and then we both
there may have been over 40 years
! laughed.
- someone who would call and I would
- brush them off, or say I don't
What I said to him was, "I don't
understand, Mr. Newton, if there was
a weather balloon in that room, why
"New" Pictures
isn't it in the pictures. You are shown
with the same debris as everyone
: elseạiạ
General DuBoses statements now
sync-up perfectly with the testimony
given earlier by J. Bond Johnson, the
No goddam weather balloon was ever
Ft. Worth Star Telegram photographer
in that room!
- whose statements to Bill Moore and me
- opened up the spectre of a revised view
And I asked the photographer who
shot this picture of you and Ramey,
and the one of Ramcy himself, "Was
there anything else in that room that
you didn't shoot?" Ile said no.
of what occurred in Ft. Worth. They re
also in agreement with statements at-
tributed to General Ramey by the
Associated Press, and with testimony
gained by Moore in several interviews
with Major Jesse Marcel before his
Hell no.
He said he was there to shoot what
was in the room. that he wouldn't
have shot only a part of what was
there.
"I would only have shot
everything that was there," he said.
I just know the weather balloon idea
was used as a cover-up for this thing.
When I was told to keep my mouth shut
and forget it, I did. And that was the
end of it until you asked me about this
stuff.
Had you seen these pictures since?
Oh, yeah. Id seen them.
But not since what, 1947 or so?
No, I haven't - but there can't be any
doubt about who it was.
Warrant officer
death in 1986 - the accuracy of which
was attested to by Marcel in a signed
statement to the publisher of Moore &
Charles Berlitz' book, The Roswell
Incident.
The statements by each of these peo-
ple interconnect, overlap and add new
information, giving us the most defin-
itive view of what transpired at Ft.
Worth on July 8, 1947. Indeed, the on-
ly out-of-sync information in the entire
picture is to be found in recent state-
ments made by ex-warrant officer Irv-
ing Newton (the weather man at Ft.
Worth); 1nd when Nexton's current ver-
sion of the story is compared to what
he told Moore during interviews in 1979,
it can be readily seen that his story has
undergone considerable change since
that time. Why this is, we do not know!
All that can be said is that the details
in his earlier account compare much
more favorably with the DuBosel
Johnson/Marcel testimony than do
those of the story he is presently tell-
ing. Newton's revised version of events
came to light after he was recently
reinterviewed by Schmitt and Randle.
Apparently they did not trouble to ask
him why, if Moore's earlier reporting
of Newton's testimony in The Roswell
Incident was incorrect, he did not con-
tact Moorg and ask that a corrected
version by published.
NOT
5O
Irving Nedston
MUFON JOURNAL JAN 41

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2698, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In our article titled "Three Hours
that Shook the PressiạiBill Moore and
I reconstructed the time frame and
presented clear evidence of what
General DuBose adamantly supports.
In further working with J. Bond John-
son and careful examination of the
photographs, nother development oc-
curred. When I sent Johnson a copy of
the MUFON Journal which contained
the reprinted photos from Ft. Worth, he
called back to say that the Ramey pic-
ture wasn't his - or so he thought. He
didn't think so because it was different
from what ran in the Star Telegram on
July 9, 1947. Continued examination
and recollection of the mechanics of the
camera Johnson had used revealed to
us that he had in octuality shot four
pictures rather than two as originally
thought.
His earlier assertion of two photos
was based upon his clear recall of hav-
ing had only two frames with him at the
time, and that there were only two set-
ups: one with Ramey alone and a se-
the Bettmann collection is the second
cond with both Ramey and DuBose. But
(or back-up) photo of Ramey and
now, with o second picture of Ramey
DuBose. The credit line indicates it was
being evident and the existence of two
an International News Photo (INP)
pictures of Ramey and DuBose - each
Soundphoto. INP was a subsidiary of
in the same basic set-up - it was
International News Service (INS). The
remembered that each frame for that; only way they could have gotten the
particular camera held two shots, the
photo was from Johnson himself, mean-
second one of which was exposed by
ing that someone from INS came to the
pulling the frame out, turning it over,
Star Telegram on July 8, 1947 and
and putting it back in the camera. So
secured permission to use the photo. We
Johnson actually took a primary and
know the relative time frame because
a back-up exposure of each set-up, thus
the credit line indicates that the picture
bringing the total number of known pic-
was transmitted at 7:59 CST, July 8,
tures of the Roswell wreckage in
1947.
Ramey's office to seven. Schmitt and
Since it would have been transmitted
Randle had earlier reported that there
out of Dallas, nearly an hour away by
were only five such pictures, while our
_ car at that time, that supports the afier-
"Three Hours" piece had reported six.
noon time for Johnson's return to the
Further supporting Johnson as the
newspaper as reported in our "Three
photographer of four pictures is that
Hours" piece.
both the University of Texas photo ar-
This is a classic example of how con-
chives (they have the Star Telegram col-
tinued diligent work with an open
lection) and the Bettmann Archives give
witness can continue to produce results.
photo credits to Johnson. The photo in

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3486, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jobnson actually took a primary and a back-up ex-
posure of each set-up, thus bringing the total
number of known pictures of the Roswell wreckage
in Ramey's office to seven.ồại
all over that room, Ramey's office.
This room here? (Pointing to the pic-
ture of Ramey and himself with the
debris in Ramey's office.)
rave you ever told that story
before about what McMullan
said to you?
No. No, because when someone told
me to do something, I'm a good soldier
Yeah.
and I do what they tell me. Outside of
you asking me about it, no, I haven't
At this point, the general looked at me
told anyone. Now when I tell you that,
almost scoldingly, and then we both
there may have been over 40 years
laughed.
- someone who would call and I would
- brush them off, or say I don't
remember.
What I said to him was, ạI don't
understand, Mr. Newton, if there was
a weather balloon in that room, why
isn't it in the pictures. You are shown
with the same debris as everyone
: elseạ
"New' Pictures
General DuBoses statements now
sync-up perfectly with the testimony
given earlier by J. Bond Johnson, the
No goddam weather balloon was ever
Ft. Worth Star Telegram photographer
in that room!
- whose statements to Bill Moore and me
- opened up the spectre of 1 revised view
And I asked the photographer who
shot this picture of you and Ramcy,
and the one of Ramey himself, "Was
there anything else in that room that
you didn't shoot?"›IIe said no.
of what occurred in Ft. Worth. They dre
also in agreement with statements at-
tributed to General Ramey by the
Associated Press, and with testimony
gained by Moore in several interviews
with Major Jesse Marcel before his
Hell no.
He said he was there to shoot what
was in the room. that he wouldn't
have shot only a part of what was
there. ạI would only have shot
everything that was there," he said.
I just know the weather balloon idea
was used as a cover-up for this thing.
When I was told to keep my mouth shut
and forget it, I did. And that was the
end of it until you asked me about this
stuff.
Had you seen these pictures since?
Oh, yeah. I'd seen them.
But not since what, 1947 or so?
No, I haven't - but there can't be any
doubt about who it was.
Warrant officch
death in 1986 - the accuracy of which
was allested to by Marcel in a signed
statement to the publisher of Moore &
Charles Berlitz' book, The Roswell
Incident.
The statements by each of these peo-
ple interconnect, overlap and add new
information, giving us the most defin-
itive view of what transpired at Ft.
Worth on July 8, 1947. Indeed, the on-
ly out-of-sync information in the entire
picture is to be found in recent state-
ments made by ex-warrant officer Irv-
ing Newton (the weather man at Ft.
Worth); and when Newton's current ver-
sion of the story is comparce to what
he told Moore during interviews in 1979,
it can be readily scen that his story has
undergone considerable change since
that time. Why this is, we do not know.
All that can be said is that the details
in his earlier account compare much
more favorably with the DuBosel
Johnson/Marcel testimony than do
those of the story he is presently tell-
ing. Newton's revised version of events
came to light affer he was recently
reinterviewed by Schmitt and Randle.
Apparently they did not trouble to ask
him why, if Moore's earlier reporting
of Newton's testimony in The Roswell
Incident was incorrect, he did not con-
tact Moorg and ask that a corrected
version by published.
NOI
Irving Nearton
MUFON
JOURNAL
JAN 91

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2421, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In our article titled "Three Hours
that Shook the Press," Bill Moore and
I reconstructed the time frame and
presented clear evidence of what
General DuBose adamantly supports.
In further working with J. Bond John-
son and careful examination of the
photographs, another development oc-
curred. When I sent Johnson 1 copy of
the MUFON Journal which contained
the reprinted photos from Ft. Worth, he
called back to say that the Ramey pic-
ture wasn't his - or so he thought. He
from what ran in the Star Telegram on
July 9, 1947. Continued examination
and recollection of the mechanics of the
camera Johnson had used revealed to
us that he had in actuality shot four
pictures rather than two as originally
thought.
His earlier assertion of two photos
was based upon his clear recall of hav-
ing had only two frames with him at the
time, and that there were only two set-
ups: one with Ramey alone and a se-
the Bettmann collection is the second
being evident and the existence of two
an International News Photo (INP)
pictures of Ramey and DuBose - each
Soundphoto. INP was o subsidiary of
in the same basic set-up - it was
International News Service (INS). The
remembered that each frame for that
¡ only way they could have gotten the
second one of which was exposed by
ing that someone from INS came to the
pulling the frame out, turning it over,
Star Telegram on July 8, 1947 and
and putting it back in the camera. So
secured permission to use the photo. We
Johnson actually took a primary and
know the relative time frame because
o back-up exposure of each set-up, thus
the credit line indicates that the picture
bringing the total number of known pic-
was transmitted at 7:59 CST, July 8,
tures of the Roswell wreckage in
1947.
Ramey's office to seven. Schmitt and
Since it would have been transmitted
Randle had earlier reported that there
out of Dallas, nearly an hour away by
were only five such pictures, while our
- car at that time, that supports the after-
"Three Hours" piece had reported six.
noon time for Johnson's return to the
Further supporting Johnson as the
photographer of four pictures is that
Hours pies reported in our "Three
both the University of Texas photo ar-
This is a classic example of how con-
chives (they have the Star Telegram col-
tinued diligent work with an open
lection) and the Bettmann Archives give
witness can continue to produce results.
photo credits to Johnson. The photo in

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 421, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CU
J. ALLEN HYNEK
CENTER FOR
UFO STUDIES
UFO Resource Facility
Library and Publication Sales
2457 W. Peterson Ave.
Chicago, IL 60659
(312) 271-3611
November 10, 1990
Mr. Irving Newton
222 Driftwind Drive
San Antonio, Texas 78239.
Dear Mr. Newton:
Thank you again for your help. Enclosed are the copies I promised to send you.
We look forward to meeting you in the near future.
Sincerely,
donald Schmitt
Donald R. Schmitt

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 522, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
“é

me
a:

~~. =
rm
* a.
? ety 4

|

, : ' aetge , ae | ; eae
Pee ay ee sz) aT
ie Za id aa ee BAX ase Megha. Es
,- a ¢ ey " ‘
Chose shee Di pal sid ,

my = **

t Mae Meee rp eer Hehe rent
ate pas eee Nee ses $f:

Vy TPS Tra,

ty
te

*
4

<
StS
7 oat Ory

iis, rae
' ti + Le ay eae ws
om i ) - oh) o errr We 4 jp af A iti
" ‘i “> ty a Seon} oe 4 fis) Ff 7 | bet eh
ee a: ol ae ne “a ere ts
S53 . ow : ‘J sere + pt -
1T.. a * bay Ae 7
mc | pest ai =n”

aay
we

‘i
oe

|

ato
OA

. ot ss Ea
. fae <r Fk hee
z- EROISES .

ee

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1484, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE M
the refle
objects
NOW
quite fa
shape
objects
mately
but rem.
indicat
as the »
iẠỊV
like gee
as if the
hold a
of the l
mated t
to be at
estimat
mately
the UF
and rep
the sou
enterin
ticular
miles. :
was fiv
jeets b
determ
minute
do you believe me?
Dozens of UFO-spotters have been
lucky enough to have camera in hand when
they saw a strange object in the sky.
The year 1947 was the beginning of most
American UPO sightings. At that time military
authorities believed many of the objects scen
actually were
ather balloons. In 191 the Vacy
launched se
I derices such as this with Jour
balloons and tin-foil corered reflectors to
measure wind relocities by radar. When the
wreckage of one of these was recotered in Fort
Worth, Texas, in 1947, it was at first thought to be
part of a flying saucer.
THRoUGH THE years many persons have sub-
mitted photographs as evidence of the UFO's
they claim to have seen.
Generally, those who have photographed
UFO's believe their pictures speak much louder
than words, Tm glad I had a camera," they
say. "There's the picture of what I saw. Now,
do you believe meiẠạ
Those who believe are convinced that
the pictures on the following pages provide
proof positive that LEO's do exist and the
most likely they come from somewhere in outer
space. But hardened skepties who look at the
pictures usually can find some way to attempt
to disprove their authenticity.
one of
is that
a mira
got tre
And fl
Boise.
equip:
date f
but w:
ful bic
if not
publi

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 659, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bob lung. a former netial photographer,
sid he shot this picture of an objeet in
the shiv oter Catalina Island off the coast
of California in July. 1917. The masts and
stack aị a ship can be seen at the bottom of
the picture. Jung said three Air Force
reterans on the scene reported seeing six
such objeets.
Bool Jung
Paul Trent. a farmer. took these pictures in the
spring of 1950 over his farm near McMinneille,
Ore. His wife repe
d that Air Force officials
inrestigated the sighting and took Geiger
counter readings, but, "They didn't let us know
anything." The Trents, who now live on a farm
near Dayton. Ore., say they have never since seen
another UFO.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 884, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ma
ate
e w
ẠỊMI
gee
th'
la
he
ted
authorities believed many of the objects seen
actually were weather balloons. In 1947 the Navy
launched several devices such as this with four
balloons and tin-foil covered reflectors to
measure wind velocities by radar. When the
wreckage of one of these was recovered in Fort
Worth, Texas, in 1947, it was at first thought to be
part of a flying saucer.
than words.
1m glad 1 had a camera," they
say. "There's the picture of what I saw. Now,
do you believe me?"
Those who believe are convinced that
the pictures on the following pages provide
proof positive that UFO's do exist and that
most likely they come from somewhere in outer
space. But hardened skeptics who look at the
pictures usually can find some way to attempt
to disprove their authenticity.
im
ate.
e T
le
nte
ict
mi!
"I never askeu.
publicity for accidentally being in theright spor

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2074, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
esp
pror
eal
err
ori
›W.
•rc
NO ONE SUGGESTED DART
Toswell Inciden
a weather balloon and wanted him (Newton) to identify it as.
such. After this hurried briefing Newton was ushered into a
room filled with reporters and photographers where he was
handed several pieces of what he immediately recognized as
material belonging to a Rawin-type balloon, although some-
what "deteriorated." A number of other pieces were laid out
on brown paper on the floor. While the examination was tak-
ing place a series of photographs were taken of the general and
his aide.
mANt, NOT THousAwds
Newton said (Moore interview, July 1979): "It was cut and
dried. I had sent up thousands of them and there's no doubt
that what I was given were parts of a balloon. I was later told
that the major from Roswell had identified the stuff as a flying
saucer but that the general had been suspicious of this identi-
fication from the beginning and that's why I had been called
Question: But wouldn't the people at Roswell have been able to identi-
I a balloon on their own?
They certainly should have. It was a regular Rawin sonde.
They must have seen hundreds of them.
What happened after your identification of the object?
When I had identified it as a balloon I was dismissed.
Can you describe the fabric? Was it easy to tear?
Certainly. You would have to be careful not to tear it. The
metal involved was likely an extremely thin Alcoa wrap. It was
very flimsy.
THE BARDON HAS FLIMS Y
NOT TRE TARGETŚś
In this connection we note that Major Marcel as well as
others were insistent about the great strength of the bits of
metallic material they found, how it could not be torn or even
dented by sledgehammer blows. It seems fairly evident that
the wreckage did not, in spite of official second thoughts, come
from a Rawin balloon.
34
(continued on back flap)
The A.AF Confront
Another telling erro
found in the initial r
wreckage as having co
note here that in 1947
devices in use-the R
sonde (AN/AMT-4).
competent weather off
only one of these, the R
as part of its design.
100-200 gram neoprene b

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2465, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mander, 8th Air Force,
at Ramey paid what is
ell Base on the night of
disc recovery story hit
itement that has been
flying discs, it is not
call it an eveningạẠại
ay have suspected that
no proof. However, an
vas supplied during a
neral Ramey's former
JuBose, now a retired
omfortable margin of
›served that there had
ship the material from
ecial plane." He added
The AAF Confronts a Crashed UFO and Dead Extraterrestrials
that the general (Ramey) was in complete charge and the rest
of the officers and men involved "just followed orders." The
general was most concerned that the large number of press
reporters present be "taken off his back in a hurry." The
weather balloon story was a fabrication designed to ac-
complish that task and "put out the fire" at the same time. He
did not recall who first suggested the weather-balloon ex-
planation, but thinks it may have been Ramey himself.
• Colonel (now General) DuBose is the man pictured with
Ramey on page 33 posing for reporters on the floor of Ramey's
office with the hastily substituted wreckage of a real Rawin
weather balloon. Only nine months later, in May of 1948,
DuBose was to become chief of staff of the Eighth Air Force at
A striking example of how command can orchestrate new
policy with original reports, even if it entails a certain mod-
ification of what has been reported, is afforded by the case of
Warrant Officer Irving Newton. At the time of the Roswell
Incident, Newton was in charge of the Base Weather Office
and Flight Services at the Carswell-Fort Worth Air Base in
Texas.
As Newton recollects, he had neither seen nor heard any-
thing about the Roswell Incident on July 7. But on the night
of July 8, as he was working in the Weather Office, the phone
rang. It was General Ramey. The general ordered Newton to
report to his office immediately. Newton, in spite of a certain
urgency in the general's tone, nevertheless found the courage
to inform the general that he was the only man on duty in the
Weather Office and as such he was also in charge of flight-
control operations that evening. To Newton's mildly couched
protest the general replied with a decisive command flair:
"Get your ass over here in ten minutes. If you can't get a car
commandeer the first one that comes along-on my ordersiại
When Newton got to his destination he was briefed by a
colonel to the effect that an object had been found by a major
in Roswell and that the general had decided that it was really
31

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1784, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
September 29, 1993
Robert G Todd
2528 Belmont Ave.
Ardmore PA 19003-2617
RE: Roswell Incident
Dear Mr. Todd:
You suggest in your letter I might be tired of this whole debate.
come from different sources.
I am probably one of the last
people involved who is still alive.
Some one suggested that since it was so long ago, maybe now I could
tell the whole truth.
interest up. I have really enjoyed reading the books which have
been sent to me.
Now, about the questions you asked. First, this event happened
along time ago;
this is the way I remember it. I was called at
arrival, and before entering, I was told there was a flying saucer
inside.
Of course, I was very excited... until they opened the
There, spread all over the floor, were the remains of a
RAWIN Target and balloon!
You say I was quoted as saying these target balloons were sent up
daily from about 80 weather stations.
Let me explain. At that
time, we used three (3) different sized balloons to get upper air
information. The smallest, a piblt balloon (known as Pibal) were
sent up daily from about 80 WX stations. These balloons were sent
up with no target and observed and plotted using a theodolite.
Next in size came the RAWLIN. It was sent up from 8 or 10 WX
stations and used for special projects in the U.S. and overseas.
RAWINS were a much larger balloon with a target attached.
a metallic material stretched between the points. This was a
rather large balloon and target launched and then tracked by a
special radar.
The third balloon was a RADIO Sonde. It too was
target was a radio transmitter which sent back lots of upper air
information. The foregoing was just for your information. Now, to
your actual questions.
2. Were they available in Fort Worth?
3. Were they stored in Fort Worth?
Paso and Ft. Worth

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1249, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pinkish-purple symbols on the wooden beams?
This is one of the "FACTS" I really enjoy. This wooden BEAM that
and about 36" long. As I recall, the overall dimension of the
target was one half or one full wave length of the radar. They
were this size
so there would be a full
radar return from any
The looked sort of like Chinese symbols, or they
could have been
traces of glue used to hold the material onto the 'beams". I don't
think the beams were wooden, but rather were a tough plastic.
Did I notice any actual balloon material in Gen. Ramey's office?
It was spread out all over the floor and looked just like what it
rubber like substance
that had been stretched very thin, and had
laid on the ground for some time.
The actual target material was
Mylar.
Did I think Maj. Marcel had ever seen a RAWIN target before? It
in the Weather Service to have seen a RAWIN target. (Some were
about it. I enjoy reading the reports from all over saying I have
changed my story.
I have not changed my story. I would be more
than happy to talk further with you, by phone or in person for that
matter.
please let me know.
I would appreciate your keeping me informed of your findings.
Sincerely,
Irving Newton
222 Driftwind Dr.
San Antonio TX 78239
210-655-5829

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 147, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Kevin D. Randle
7217 Hampshire Drive
Cedar Rapids, IA 52402
January 31, 1991
Mr. Irving
Newton
222 Driftwind Drive
San Antonio, TX 78239
Dear Mr. Newton:
program. It deals with the events in Roswell and doesn't address
am. It deals with the
of the tape of the UNSOLVED
MYSTERIES
the press conference in General Ramey's office in which you
to VHS.
I have also enclosed a number of articles that refer to your
role in this.
INCIDENT,
articles
in FOCUS, the MUFON JOURNAL, and THE
INTERNATIONAL UFO REPORTER. I would appreciate any comments that
you care to make about the accuracy of the statements and your
iews as to the veracity of those statements. I would, of course,
like your permission to publish those comments in an article that
Don and I am putting together about this.
Once again, thank you for your time and your help in trying
you get a copy of it.
Sincerely
yours,
Mon.
Kevin D. Randle

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 983, "chars": 5533, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
weather balloon. He was briefed, then met the
reporters that were there with a torn balloon
that was handed to him. It's important to note
that he was not called in to examine debris to
determine if he knew what it was: he was told
up front what to say, and he was also ordered
not to answer any questions. What he identi-
fied was handed to him, it was not what was on
Rarney's foor. But at what point did thisoccur?
Hestated that he was alone on his shift when he
received word that the general had personally
ordered him to leave his post.
Pim on the second shirt and place the one a fiel
6 O'clock- three hours from the time the first
story hit the wires. But Newton wasn't the first
to tell the press the weather balloon story.
according to the Dallas Morning News. July!
Maj. E.M. Kirton, Intelligence
)fficer at ror
Worth Army Air Field, gave the whole weather
balloon/radar device story to their reporter at
The article ends by quoting Newton
from a later AP dispatch. Maj
. Kirton was also
the one interfacing with the F.B.I
I the intelligence officer could identify tho
why did Newton have to be ordered
over? Something happened to cause the mili-
Why? If the material had
been shifted to Fort Worth, what difference di it
make
what Hoswell was saying!
For three
ours the press was having a field day monitor
ing the goings-on between New Mexico and
Texas and Washinglon
It would have been
interesting to have seen all the wire traffic as
the story was constantly updated. By choosing
for the wire services, it would help in playing
down the story. Newton and his story were
nowhere around when Bond Johnson took his
pictures.
Sitting in Johnson's living room going over the
several
clippings he has, a
number of facts emerged. There were at least
in Ramey's office. The first thing that strikes
you is that the material is unimpressive. In fact.
until you look at full 8x10 blow-ups of some of
the negatives with a magnifying glass. you don't
realize that the material on the floor holds its
hat the pieces, unlike tin foil, were stiff
This
was said by every individual who handled the
material, including Johnson. The material in
every person who handed it descried tas
ray, or like a lead foil.
No one described it as
highly rellective. Yet every description of the
Ize such devices asạisilvery and highly reflec-
and highly reflec-
tive.
Continued examination of the photographs.
even those that we only had from newspaper
photocopies, reveals that all six photos were
taken in the same room with the same debris
It is actually possible to match up certain com-
mon shapes in each photo.
But if Bond had
been there before the cover story set in. and if.
6 FOCUS, 1900
as has been suggested, an actual weather de-
vice was brought in to replace it, then why
would the pictures that were obviously taken
after Bond show the same debris? Curiously
cook his two pictures and tel. dae Ar od
was so
anxious to get these pictures that they set up a
portable wire machine, from Dallas- not an
effort they would res hit the wire a Then the
balloon. The pictures hit the wire.
cover story sets in. But they can't retrieve th
ictures. The only advantage they have is tha
the debris looks ordinary. So, they allow add
tional pictures to be taken by the now growing
press contingent on the base.
But it is clear that others were not accorded the
same access that Bond was. In his interview
with Moore (The Boswell Incident) Maj. Mar
cel maintained that the debris in the two pho
tos with him is the real stuff. But, he states that
the reporter that took them was allowed in the
room only far enough to take the pictures. He
was not aHowed to touch the stulf, and he was
then taken out ofthe room. Marcel, for his part.
was not allowed to talkto the reporters, and
was ultimately ordered back to Roswell.
second picture of Ramey and Dubose was taken
and this time they weren't smiling. They looked
very grim.
This last photo, along with one of
Newton, were taken by a United Press photog
rapher. Marcel maintained that the more in
pressive debris remained on the plane under
guard. ready to go on to Wright Field. He did
not getto accompany it
There exists a fascianting contrast in the Al
story carried in the Los Angeles Times of July
There is Newton's weather balloon
• with the 100 gram balloon, and a little
further on the fact that the device was scat
tered over a square mile of the ranch. Every
witness to the scene of recovery described the
debris as covering a very large area.
debris was not the device that Newton de.
scribed to the press. Hving been ordered
away from his post by a general, breled by a
colonel. being told that an object had been
found by a major which the general had de.
cided was a weather balloon and which he was
to identily as such for reporters. being handed
a torn balloon in front of reporters but with
specific instructions not to answer their ques
tions. and not having heard anythin
lying disc story before. must have been quitt
mind-boggling for the poor fellow. But Newtor
Been told to ar well was to dently a de viet
he was allegedly familiar with. He never ques
office, even when he had his picture taken with
it. Why should he? He was outranked and in
good company.
He was then sent on, leit to
ponder what it might all have been about.
Of added note here is another less heralded
story by the AP, datelined Washington. July 8
It reads in part:
Army weather experts in Washington discount any
idea that such weather targets might be the basis for
the scores of reports ofiẠilying discs

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 885, "chars": 5289, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
news. The Sunset Edition would have come out
several hours after the main edition with up-
dated stories mainly on the front page.
This
kind of updated edition would normally be only
for newsstand sales.
There on the front page were no less than three
stories on the Roswell disc. One notable story
had been posted by the Associated Press, date-
line Washington, July 8:
Brig. Gen. Roger Ramey said today that a baltered
object which previously had been described as a Ilying
disc, found near Roswell, N.M.
to the A.A. F. research center al Wrigh Field, Ondby air
Ramey, commander of the Eighth Air Force with head-
juarters at Fort Worth, received the object from the
Roswell Army Air Base.
In talking by telephone to A.A.F. headquarters at
Washington. Ramey described the object as ofẠilimsy
construction, almost like a box kiteỊạ
I was so badly
battered that Ramey was unable to say whether it had
a disc form. He did not indicate the size of the object.
There were "some fragments of junk" found near the
object near the New Mexico ranch where a rancher
Signed it lastweek.
Ramey reported that so far as the A.A.F. investigation
could determine, no one had seen the object in the air.
Asked what the material seemed to be, A.A.F. officials
here said that Ramey descrbed it asiẠiapparently some
sort of tin foiliẠạ
The object, after being found by the rancher, was
turned over to the 509lh armoured group at Roswell
Airfield.
When asked if other agencies, including the F.B.I.,
would examine the exhibit, A.A.F. officials said they
lad not left Fort Worth up to now the F.B.I. representa
lives in that are a might make an examination.
Clearly Ramey didn't know what it was. To say
"some sort of tin foilồạ
would indicate that it had
characteristics like tin foil, but it wasn't tin foil.
Since the military didn't have anything of this
nature, he couldn't identify it any more than
the brass in Roswell could. Undoubtedly some
radio stations were carrying the updated bul-
etins, but there were no all-news stations in
1947. Television was not in every home. News-
boys shouting read all about its win news
read all about it.
The point
here being that major stories generally broke
in major newsppers.
This activity was hap-
pening between deadlines of almost every ma-
jor newspaper. The public had an inkling of
ing a head of steam ready to explode it.
A bulletin from International News Service
INS) placed just above the Ramey AP story in
the Los Angeles Evening Herald Express with
a dateline of Fort Worth, July 8, read:
Brig. Gen. Roger Ramey commanding general of the
Eighth Army anorces field, asserted tonight the pur
ported "Tying disci found in eastern New Mexico is
ạevidently nothing other than a weather or radar instru-
ment of some sort.
This appears to be the beginning of what is
below the one above, again from INS, this time
dateline Denver, July 8. read:
Senator Ed C. Johnson, of Colorado, told the Denver
Post by long distance from Washington today that the
object found in New Mexico may have been "either a
radar target or a meterological bállooniỊại
It's rather amazing how a senator in Washing-
ton, who never saw the material, could be so
It was to know such things. The INS bulletins
must have just come over the wire as this edi-
tion was going to press and after the AP story
out of Washington.
But how did Ramey sud
denly figure it out? And more importantly, how
could Ramey square the weather device line
is reported by em ci. Norris of the Wasters.
ton Post on July Oth? Norris had been tracking
the story and reported that on July 8th, when
Ramey had gotten a look at the material, it was
about 25 feet in diameter, and he was shiping it
on to Wright Field forexamination.
Now the Herald Express had another AP story
that was essentially the original press release,
but with some updated information. It seems
the AP boys had been banging on a lot of doors
and come up with this, deteline Roswell. July 8:
Later the A.A.F. said that further information indicated
the object would have had a diameter of about 20 to 25
feet if reconstructed.
Nothing in the apparent construction "indicated any
capacily for speedẠạand there was no evidence of a
power plant, the A.A.F. said
Construction of the disc seemed to flimsy to have
enabled it to carry a man, it was added.
Next Newton, the meteorologist, was quoted as
saying that it was a typical weather balloon
measuring about 50 inches in diameter, weigh-
ing about 100 grims. 100 grams? On a metric
equivalents chart, 100 grams equals 3.527
ounces. According to Newton, this balloon
would carry a radar target device that was
made of tin foil stapled to a thin wood frame. It
would be silvery like a six-pointed star.
process of triangulation the winds aloft are
charted. By best estimates these target devices
measure bout 5 feet from point to point.
batter one of these devices you would have
1o, ver t ch they what was to The
same five year-old could put the remains in his
Red-Flyer wagon. In fact, the apparatus would
break down so casily that anyone could break it
up and stuffit in an average shopping bag. This
isn't what generals get excited over.
In Moore's interview with Newton (The Roswell
Incident). he makes it clear that he was or
dered to come to Ramey's office to identify a
FOCUS 1090
