{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-12T23:46:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6511608, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989190.pdf", "source_sha256": "389c786ed6e7a7f1ff85d56c73786ae0a47abff956f4b4b779b2ea16391dc915"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2423, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Forward, Introduction, or Whatever
In early 1994, while serving as the Director of Security and Special Program
Oversight for the Secretary of the Air Force at the Pentagon, my office was
tasked, along with other governmental agencies, to locate and make available
any and all records to aid an inquiry that was to be conducted by the General
Accounting Office (GAO) regarding what had become known in the popular
literature as the "Roswell Incident." This alleged incident, which, as the
story had developed, was the claim that a "flying disc" (later "flying saucer"
or Unidentified Flying Object ({UFO;), had crashed near Roswell, New
Mexico, in 1947, been secretly recovered by the forerunner of the US Air
Force (the US Army Air Forces), and that fact had been made a highly
clasified secret and had subsequently been covered up by the USAF and other
branches of the US government for the next 47 years. As the "Roswell
Incident" developed over time, it expanded to include not only the recovery
of an alien space ship, but also its alien occupants. Ultimately, the "Roswell
Incident" became the subject of a number of books, television shows, and
movies.
Since the Secretary of the Air Force, Dr. Sheila Widnall, took all requests
from the GAO seriously, the Air Force was directed to cooperate fully with
the inquiry, and find and make available for review all relevant documents.
Her guidance was simple: find it, let them review it. If it is classified,
declassify it. Hold nothing back, put this matter to rest once and for all.
My office was tasked with coordinating this effort for several simple reasons:
My direct boss, the Administrative Assistant to the Secretary, was the
overseer of all Air Force records systems, and he was also the Senior Security
Official for the Air Force. As such, we had access to all records available
created and maintained by the Air Force; had the clearances and security
accesses to review them regardless of how classified they might be; and waswere
also in a position to have them swiftly declassified, if necessary.
In order to accomplish this formidable task, I turned to one of my subordinate
elements, SAF/AAZD, the Security Declassification and Review Team, to
bear the brunt of of the in-depth research, and any declassification, if
necessary; since that team of professional researchers was expert in both
fields. SAF/AAZD already had under its belt the Southeast Asia

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2718, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Declassification Review, wherein they reviewed and declassified millions of
pages of Vietnam-era records, along with a similar effort for the POW/MIA
records of that conflict; as well as records of the Gulf War Declassification
project that followed that DESERT SHIELD/DESERT STORM. In short,
there was no better group in the government to take on such a task of seeking
out Roswell related records, wherever they might be.
Ultimately, the efforts of that group, my office staff, and scores of other
USAF researchers was documented in our report to the Secretary in July,
1994, and subsequently published by the Government Printing Office in a
rather lengthy document entitled The Roswell Report: Fact vs Fiction in the
New Mexico Desert. This report found no evidence of "cover-up" duplicity,
or other evil intentions by the USAF or any other government entity for that
matter. It did conclude that the "Roswell Incident" was, in reality, a basic
non-event, except for two days in 1947, and remained as such until the late
1970's when it was latently "discovered" and has since grown to be a legend
that we characterized in 1994, as having reached "mythical, if not mystical"
proportions over time. From a 1947 non-event, it, in effect, became "the
story of the millenium"
. Sadly for true believers of both conspiracies and
UFOs, what our research indicated was that the rather primitive debris
recovered at the time was, with a high degree of certainty, remains of a
project designed to detect suspected Soviet nuclear tests through a system of
accoustic sensors on high altitude constant level balloon trains that were
being conducted in New Mexico during that time: PROJECT MOGUL.
Although MOGUL was at one time TOP SECRET, it had long since been
declassifed and relegated to the dusty archives of antiquity.
The reaction to our report at the time was predictable. The legitimate press
mostly applauded our efforts for "coming clean" with the MOGUL story and
finally providing an official, logical explanation. Also predictably, thd pro-
UFO proponents attacked back, with the usual cries of "government cover-
up" (if only they could really understand how hard it is to keep anything
classified in the military!), to new and novel theories that were developed to
work the MOGUL realities into their own claims. The most unusual: That an
alien space ship hit the MOGUL balloon train-causing both to crash! Also
somewhat predictably, I, as the primary author of the report, was personally
attacked, in articles, magazines, letters, hate phone calls, and, with today's
modern technolgy, by the hate fax. Not only was my research, objectivity,
loyalty, sanity, and parentage questioned by a small but vocal group of

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2597, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
individuals, it was even alleged that I really didn't exist; worked for the CIA;
or had "disappeared" after having authored the report. Actually, I did
disappear--on a normal transfer to assume duties as a commander of an Air
Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) Region. Contrary to the
name, AFOSI spends its time investigating not UFOs, but such real world
events as murder, rape, sabotage, terrorism, fraud, espionage, and other
crimes--all committed to date by human beings.
As I submitted my report with the Secretary, I made the logical, and as it
turned out, naive, conclusion that if the debris recovered was from a USAF
project, and we did not put any space aliens on the balloon, then there were
no "aliens" to be recovered. Apparently logic, as known to most persons, is
lost on others. therefore the biggest complaint was that our report DIDN'T
ADDRESS THE ISSUE OF THE RECOVERED ALIENS! ( If you are
confused, see the first sentence in this paragraph again). These persons were
right--this issue was only mentioned in passing. This, therefore, became a
"shortfall" in the report, logic notwithstanding.
The other issue of some concern to many well-meaning people was that we
had not adequately explained why so many. "average people" -meaning those
who had merely reported observations and were not capitalizing on their
stories- had reported seeming unusual events by the Air Force, or things that
they had reportedly observed in the deserts of New Mexico long ago. These
claims were not specifically addressed in our original 1994 report.
In a further attempt to offer an explanation to some of the more credible and
legitimate questions that were not specifically addressed in the original report,
the Secretary once again turned to SAF/AAZD for the answer. The task this
time fell squarely on the shoulders of my former number one researcher and
bulldog assistant, Lieutenant (now Captain) James McAndrew. During my
1994 efforts, Captain McAndrew was my main researcher and one of the
primary co-authors of that effort. He developed not only an encyclopedic
knowledge of times, dates, places, and events; he also developed a network
of archivists, researchers, and other professionals who could help him
methodically, systematically, and most importantly for the bulk of our
citizenry, logically, find information to address those specific claims that we
did not discuss in the original report. Captain McAndrew accepted this
challenge with the same dogged determination as he did in his original
research for me. He has ferreted out discrete pieces of information--all

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2020, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
carefully documented, explained, and retrievable (contrary to the unverifiable
claims of UFO authors who attributed their information to to "anonymous
sources" and the use of pseudonyms by others "afraid of death by the
government"). So, in this work, the reader can make his/her own analysis
and check the same records and sources that Captain McAndrew used, if so
inclined. Not the usual type of stuff seen in your normal, everyday
government cover-up!
Why spend your, my, and his tax dollars on such an effort? doesn't such a
Herculean effort in and of itself confirm that the USAF is really trying to
obfuscate the issue to perpetuate the cover-up? Hardly. Quite frankly, the
Secretary of the Air Force (who prior to being appointed by President Clinton
to her current post had no military affiliation and was a civilian university
professor and scientist) wanted to put this issue to rest and provide the
citizens of the US with a truthful, well-researched answer to their questions
on an issue that ultimately continually attacks the integrity of not only the US
Air Force as an institution, but hundreds of current and former dedicated Air
Force members, who over the last fifty years who have been unfairly vilified
and have suffered in silence, hoping that someday simple logic would
overcome emotion and rank sensationalism. We are not there yet, and
probably never will be, at least to a small group of people. This report is,
however, a continuation of our original effort, and again represents a
government agency attempting to get honest, fact-based answers to questions
raised by our fellow citizens.
So, while you won't find any UFOs or space aliens in the following pages,
you will find great research and fascinating glimpses of aerospace history--
which helped, in its own way, make the United States Air Force the single
greatest air power in history. Read, think, and decide for yourself.
RICHARD L. WEAVER, COLONEL, USAF
AIR FORCE OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
LANGLEY AFB, VA
AUGUST, 1996
KicH

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1695, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION
In July 1994 the Director, Security and Special Program Oversight, Office of the Secretary
of the Air Force (SAF/AAZ), concluded an exhaustive search for records to provide the
Air Forc on response to the General Accounting Office (GAO) inquiry on what has
become known as the "Roswell Incident". The GAO initiated the inquiry at the request of
New Mexico Congressman Stephen Schiff. The focus of the inquiry by the GAO was to
determine if the U.S. Air Force possessed information on the alleged crash and recovery of
an extraterrestrial vehicle and it's alien occupants near Roswell, New Mexico in July 1947.
The July 1994 report concluded that the predecessor to the U.S. Air Force, the U.S.
Army Air Forces, did indeed recover material near Roswell in July 1947. The 800 page
report explained that what was recovered by the U.S. Army Air Forces in July 1947 was
not the remnants of an extraterrestrial spacecraft and it's alien crew but debris from an
Army Air Forces research project. The July 1994 response explained in detail Army Air
Forces involvement in the events that occurred in the summer of 1947. Records collected
in this effort had been previously declassified and were made available to both the GAO
and the general public.
The project identified was a formerly Top Secret Army Air Forces research effort code
named Mogul. Mogul was an experimental attempt to detect Soviet nuclear explosions
and missile launches. Mogul utilized acoustical sensors, radar reflecting targets and other
devices attached to a train of weather balloons nearly 600 feet long. (Fig?). Claims that
the US Army Air Forces recovered "alien" materials were based on the misidentification of

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1811, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the radar targets, an element of weather equipment, used on the long Mogul balloon train.
The oddly constructed radar target, recently introduced and never before used in New
Mexico, was found by a local rancher at the height of the first US flying saucer wave, and
was mistaken to be a flying disc (Fig?). However, when the "flying disc" is compared to a
standard radar target used by Project Mogul, it is quite obvious that they were the same
object (fig. 2).
Subsequent to the filing of the 1994 report, additional records were located that further
explained events that were widely reported to be part of the 1947 "Roswell Incident" the
reports of "alien" bodies. Lack of an explanation for the "bodies' had been the most
recurring public criticism of the July 1994 report. The reports of "bodies" were not
explained because they played no part in 1947, the year the Roswell Incident is alleged to
have taken place. The through search of Army Air Forces records form 1947 yeilded no
information to suggest that the "Roswell" events that occured in 1947 were anything other
than the retrieval of the Mogul equipment. The Roswell Incident as reported in 1947
contained only accounts of the misidentified portions of weather balloons, radar targets,
and descriptions of other Mogul components. "Bodies" became part of the "Roswell"
story during the 1970s and 1980s, and were based on anecdotal accounts of witnesses
collected by UFO theorists as much as forty years after the alleged incident.
The anecdotal accounts that referred to bodies described large scale field operations
conducted by the US military to recover a spaceship and "alien" crew. Other accounts
alleged that the bodies, once recovered, had been transported to the hospital at Roswell
Army Airfield, NM for autopsies and other processing.
2

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1555, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When anecdotal descriptions of the "flying saucers", "aliens", and the unusual Air Force
activities were critically examined, it was revealed that what was described were actual Air
Force activities, with one exception the dates when the events occurred. Failure to
establish the proper time frame transformed a series of actual earthly activities into the
extraterrestrial "event of the millennium"
This report summarizes the subsequent research that has identified the historic Air Force
projects and events that describe the alien bodies and craft in fine detail. In fact, several of
the projects were the subject of a full length Twentieth Centuru Fox motion picture in
1956, with scenes that clearly portray the Roswell "aliens". Conclusions of this
subsequent research are:
• Air Force activities that occurred over a period of several years during the
1940s, 1950s, and possibly later, have been collected and misrepresented to
have occurred in one or two days in July 1947.
• The "aliens" have been identified as anthropomorphic test dummies that were
carried aloft by high altitude research balloons. The dummies were launched
and recovered at off range locations in New Mexico by the USAF.
• The "unusual" activities of USAF personnel in the New Mexico desert were
high altitude balloon launch and recovery operations. Military crews that
always seemed to arrive shortly after a "crash" of a flying saucer and retrieved
the "saucer" and crew, were accurate descriptions of balloon recovery
personnel engaged in anthropomorphic dummy recoveries.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1303, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Reports of aliens at the hospital at Roswell Army Air Field were two separate
incidents.
•
The first incident has been identified as the processing of victims from
a 1956 KC-97 accident in which 11 Air Force members lost their lives.
The second incident was a 1959 manned balloon accident in which a
pilot was injured. The resultant injuries caused considerable swelling of
the head; photographs of the injured pilot bear a striking resemblance
to drawings of "aliens" with oversized heads.
While ardent supporters of the claim of extraterrestrial recovery and governmental cover
up will undoubtedly attempt to refute the facts presented here, this report is thoroughly
researched and supported by official files, technical reports, photographs, and interviews
with the individuals who were involved in the events.
FLYING SAUCER CRASHES AND ALIEN BODIES
An explanation for the most puzzling, and intriging, part of the complex series of events
associated with the "Roswell Incident", the part not explained in the July 1994 report to
the Secretary of the Air Force, were the reports of "alien" bodies. The addition of the
bodies to the Roswell tale added a facinating dimension to the story since the original
account contained only reports of mundane materials such as "tinfoil, paper, rubber, and
4

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1663, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sticks"". In a popular "Roswell" book, Crash at Corona the impotance of the bodies is
related in this passage
"Crashed saucers are one thing, and could well turn out to be futuristic
American or even foreign aircraft or missiles. But alien bodies are another
matter entirely, and hardly subject to misinterpertation. Bodies are either
people or they are not"
The reports of "bodies" were based soley on anecdotal accounts related many years after
the evnts, no documentation was presented to validate these claims. While it is not the
intent of this report to attempt to refute or expalin all claims made in regard to the
"Roswell Incident," "Roswell" authors often attempt to prove their case by presenting
large amounts of anecdotal testimony. However, close examination of the testimony
revealed that much of it was second, third, or even fourth hand. Additionally,
questionable methods of research appear to have been employed to gather portions of this
testimony. Methods such as unrecorded interviews and deathbed statements, mystery
witness testimony, use of psedemyms, and other techniques that obvously could not be
verified, were used to "document"
portions of the most sensational testimony. One such
example found in a popular "Roswell" book, The Truth About the UFO Crash at Roswell,
by Kevin Randle and Donald Schmitt. A review of endnotes from this book revealed that
the term "various" was used twenty times to characterize interviews, accounts, sources,
eyewitnesses, and documents. Apparently this term was used in place of accepted
standards that require the specific identification of sources to permit independent
verification by the reader.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1753, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another technique used to gather information was the active solicitation of witnesses
through newspaper announcements, and the selectivity in the use this information. One
such announcement appeared in the Soccoro (NM) Defencor Chieftan in November, 1992
(fig.). Authros of the book, Crash at Corona, Stanton Friedman and Don Berliner,
according to the page article, made themselves availible to persons that wished to
provide information about a "crashed UFO." Soccoro, NM is situated at the northwest
edge of the White Sands Missile Range, the largest military test range (approximately the
size of the state of Conneticut) in the United States. A high volume of military test and
evaluation activity, that included the launch and recovery of anthropomorphic dummies by
high altitude balloon, were conducted at White Sands and the surrounding areas of New
Mexico. In response to the newspaper announcement, the two scientists central to the
actual explanation of "Roswell" events presented here and in the July 1994 report to the
Secretary of the Air Force, Professor Charles B. Moore and Holloman AFB Balloon
Branch Physical Science Adminstartor and Meteorologist B.D. Gildenberg, made
themselves availible for interview, in the case of Mr Gildenberg he was encouraged to
meet with the authors at the suggestion of the the White Sands Missile Range Public
Informatiom Office. According to the Moore and Gildenberg, the authors summarliy
dismissed their explanations and then suggested that the distinguished scientists were
unwitting participants in a cover up of the recovery of a flying saucer and alien crew.
Irregular methods of documentation and selective use of information should lead one to
ask who is perpetrating the cover-up?
The Bodies
6

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1897, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The original "Roswell Incident" had only one crash site and no "bodies." The site was
appoximately 75 miles northwest of the city of Roswell, the actual impact point of the
Project Mogul balloon train in June, 1947(fig ). In the 1970s and 1980s additional
"witness" came forward with descrptions of two other "crash" sites. One site was
apporximately 40 miles northwest of Roswell and the other approximately 150 miles
northwest of Roswell, in an area known as the Plains of San Agustin (Fig.). What
distingusihed these two sites from the original Mogul impact site was, in addition to the
alleged wreckage of a "spaceship", there were also accounts of alien "bodies". But UFO
theorists are in disagreement as to which location is the actual "crash" site. Accordingly,
each crash site has its own group of proponents within UFO circles. These proponents of
a chosen crash site present witnesses to support their particular scenario while denouncing
witnesses of the other crash site. However, common to the scenarios of both crash sites,
and the subject of general agreement among UFO theorists, is that the bodies were
transported to Roswell Army Airfield where autopsies were performed. The bodies were
then shipped to Wright Patterson AFB, or a host of other facilities (this is another area of
disagreement among theorists), for further evaluation and or exploitation.
The theorists have attempted to explain the obvious contridiction mutliple locations
presents in the "crash" of only one alien "craft" with the introduction of complicated
scenarios that boarder on the ridiculous. The scenarios become complicated beacuse
proponents of each crash site must also make allowances in their scenario to have "their"
saucer at the location of the actual Mogul impact site. The Mogul impact site, seventy-
five miles northwest of Roswell, NM, lends credibility, and more importantly, provides a
7

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1770, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
time reference, to the incredulous stories through the documented prescence of the US
Army Air Forces personnel in July 1947; personnel who were at the site to retrieve the
Mogul balloon train — not a flying saucer.
The scenarios in general claim that a disabled "craft" momentarilly touched down at the
seventy-five miles northwest of Roswell, near Corona, NM, leaving behind parts of the
ship (this material that has been subsequently identified as components of a Mogul balloon
train) to create what is known as the "debris field". The now damaged ship then arrived at
it's final "crash"
site, dependent upon the scenario chosen, at either the location 40 miles
northwest of Roswell or 150 miles northwest of Roswell on the Plains of San Agustin.
A
third hypothesis, presented by Karl Pflock, a longtime UFO enthusiast and writer, and
husband of New Mexico Congressman Steven Schiff's Chief of Staff, the Congressman
who initaited the GAO inquiry, suggests a different sequence of events. Pflocks
hypothesises that the " vehicle carring the hapless voyagers" collided in mid air with a
Mogul balloon train after unsuccessfully tempting to avoid it with "violent evasive
maneuvers™" " The subsequent crash of the Mogul balloon train and the flying saucer
served to intermingle the Mogul wreckage with that of the extarterrestrail spacecraft.
While this hypothesis eliminates the complication of two crash sites for one saucer, this
unlikely scenario is usually disreagrded by even the most ardent UFO enthusiasts. This
scenarioo was found to have no basis in fact and will not be examined here. In addition to
the disagreement in regard to crash sites, theorists are also in disagremnet as to how many
"aliens" there were, and their physical description.
Methodlogy
8

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1560, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To untangle this collection of complicated scenarios and determine if there was any
validity to the reports of" bodies," researchers were faced with the task of sorting
through the anecdotal testimony of literally hundreds of witnesses. However, a large
portion of this testimony could be eliminated with certainty based on previously
established facts. These facts were clearly presented in the July 1994 report to the
Secretary of the Air Force.
These facts had been established:
• The US Army Air Forces did not recover an extraterrestrial vehicle and
alien crew.
This was one of the conclusions of the July 1994 report to the Secretary of the
Air Force. The July 1994 report was based on extensive research that included
a through review of classified and unclassified materials held at record
depositories and research facilities throughout the nation, hundreds of pages of
documentation that detailed the actual events (documentation that included
photographs), and interviews with participants who had been released from any
security agreements they may have entered to allow them to discuss with Air
Force researchers (or any other persons) information they possessed on this
issue. These releases were issued at the expressed written consent of the
Secretary of the Air Force. An example of the research that supports this
conclusion is the official transcript of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board
(SAB) Conference that was held in March 1948, the first meeting of the SAB
after the "Roswell Incident" in July, 1947. During this meeting of the SAB
9

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1582, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
numerous classified and unclassied topics were discused; the development of
guided missiles, aeromedical research, Project RAND (satellite development),
and experimental aircraft designs"
. Also discussed was project SIGN,
predecessor of Project Bluebook, the former USAF investigation of UFOs.
This discussion confirmed that reports of UFOs were taken seriously by the
USAFY. However, the discussion on the topic ends with a speaker, Col
McCoy, a representative from the Air Technical Intelligence Command, the
organization that conducted Project SIGN, who made the following statement,
' I can't tell you how much we would give to have one of those [UFOs] crash
in an area so that we could recover whatever they are. It is highly unlikely
that the very organization tasked with the direction of Air Force scientific
policy not only did not discuss the scientific "event of the millenium" (the
recovery of a UFO), but actually expressed a continued interest in obtaining
one eight months after the so called "Roswell Incident."
• The reports of bodies were not associated with Project Mogul.
The Project Mogul balloon train did not, was not designed to, nor was it capable of
carrying passengers. The Mogul balloon train did not carry hazardous materials or
explosives that could have caused injury, death, or mutilation to persons that came in
contact with it to support claims of strange creatures characterized as "aliens."
• The reports of the bodies did not occur in 1947. This is based on extensive
research conducted that examined US Army Air Forces activity in 1947. No
10

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1461, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
evidence was found to support the allegations that the US Army Air Forces
was involved in any type of recovery operations, other that the retrieval of the
remains of the Mogul balloon train, in July, 1947. Research and development
projects, aircraft crashes, errant missiles, and nuclear accidents were also
resesearched with the same results.
With the application of these documented facts to the anecdotal accounts, the hundreds of
witnesses were now reduced to a few. Eliminated were accounts that described materials
known to be part of the Project Mogul balloon train and accounts of transportation of
these materials.
The accounts that remained, not supisingly, supported the three primary
"Roswell" scenarios;
the crash sites 40 miles northwest and 150 miles northwest of
Roswell, NM, and the reports of bodies at the hospital at Roswell Army Airfield, NM.
In addition to the facts the assumptions were made:
• Due to the great detail provied by te accounts and similarities of some of the
accounts, it was likely that something did occur.
• Due to the similarities of desriptions of the two "crash" sites and the
considerable distance between them it was likely that more than one event, but
a similar event, was responsible for these accounts.
• Since the account of the bodies at the Roswell Army Air Field was not
significantly similar to the reports at the crash sites, it was likely that this account
was not related to the crash site accounts.
11

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1468, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Application was now made of both the facts and assumtions to the accounts of the bodies
to determine if there was a "common thread" that connected any of the stories together.
If similarities were found the next process was to determine if they were realted to an
actual event. And finally, if there was an actual events), was this a US Government or
US Air Force activity?
Common Threads
Upon careful examination of the testimony presented by UFO theorists to "prove' the
existance of aliens bodies in their particular scenario, it was quickly revealed that the
primary witnesses for the two separate "crashed saucer" locations did indeed contain
portions of testimony that were common to both scenarios.
General Similarities
The testimony presented for both crash sites generally followed the same sequence of
events.
The witnesses were, for variuos reasons, in a rural and isolated area in New
Mexico. In the course of their movements in this rural area they came upon a crashed
vehicle assumed to be from outer space. The witness proceeds to the area of the crash to
investigate and observes odd looking beings that apparently were the crewmembers of the
vehicle. Soon thereafter, a convoy of military vehicles arrives at the site. The military
personnel then were alleged to have instructed the civilians to leave the area and forget
what they saw. As the witness is leaving the area the military personnel commence a
recovery operation.
Detailed Similarities
12

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1524, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In addition to the general similarities in the testimony, there also existed a substantial
amount of similar detailed descriptions of the aliens, and the military vehicles and
proceedures alledegly used to recover them. The first obvious similiarity was the
independent use by witnesses at the two different crash sites of the phrases "I thought they
were were plastic dolls" and " it was either dummies or bodies or something" to
characterize the "aliens." Additional similarities in regard to the appearance were, "they
had four fingers" and " they didn't have a little finger"
", "completely bald" and "hairless"
"one piece suits...a shiny silverish gray color" and "metallic suits." The time frame for the
event was another area of similarity as it was characterized by two witnesses as "Around
1950" and "I don't recall the date". Also the term "wrecker" was used to describe one of
the alleged recovery vehicles present at both crash sites.
When the general and specific similarities were conbined, a profile of the type of event or
activity thatwas likely to have been observed was established. The profile is as follows:
• An activity that took place "around 1950"
• An activity that took place in two areas of rural New Mexico
• An activity that included a type of aerial vehicle
• An activity that utilized dolls or dummies that
• had four fingers
• were bald
• wore one piece shiny suits
• An activity that utilized equipment that needed to be recovered with
•
an assortment of vehicles that included a "wrecker"

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1775, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Based on this profile research was begun to identify an event or activity with these
characteristics. Due to the location of the two alleged events, attention was focused on
the White Sands Missile Range and the adjacent Holloman AFB, NM. The primary aerial
vehicles that were being tested and operated at these facilities were aircraft, missiles, and
balloons. The operations of each of these vehicles was researched. Missiles were soon
discounted as there was no reason to put a dummy or doll in a missile. The remaining
vehicles, aircraft and balloons seemed just as unlikely. However, research revealed the
role dummies played in the testing of aircraft emergency escape syatems and that during
the 1950s Holloman AFB had been a primary loaction for this testing. Dummies were
often used to test and qualify aircraft ejection systems but the tests were conducted over
the instrumented portions of the White Sands Missile Range, many miles from the alleged
crash sites. The only vehicle left was the high altitude research balloon, and as was
learned from the previos research of the project Mogul balloon flights, trajectories of high
altitude balloons were sometimes unpredictable and did not always remain over the test
range.
USAF High Altitude Balloon Operations
The USAF began high altitude balloon oprations in New Mexico at Holloamn AFB on
June 4, 1947. The very first high altitude research balloon, that consisted of oddly
constructed and newly developed equipment, that was launched for Project Mogul, was
also the first of several actual events that became what is now known as the "Roswell
Incident." Since the first launch in 1947 to the present the USAF's Holloman AFB
Balloon Branch conducted approximately 2,500 high altitude research balloon flights.
14
