{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-18T00:38:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8622465, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989238.pdf", "source_sha256": "b335e4ebf7cdf3e9248de068210e514bd6343cd9a9e3df114a1d36e2558f6e5c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1716, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Lieutenant Colonel Kaufman
"Roswell Incident"
24 May 1995
Interviewer: 1st Lt James McAndrew
2: I came here to interview you for, we're responding to a
GAO inquiry regarding events that have come to be known as the
Roswell Incident. We've researched for about the last year. We
wrote a quite lengthy report last summer which I provided you a
copy. Subsequent research has determined that there was more to
the story, and we came upon some of the work that you had done
previously when you were in the Air Force. So I'd just like to
start it out with what year did you join the Air Force, and...
A :
When I entered the Air Force I entered the U.S. Army
Air Corps from the Army of the United States Infantry in 1943.
It must have been about August of '43, and received my commission
as a pilot in December of 1944. Then left the service in January
of '46, I believe it was and returned to school at the University
of Minnesota where I flew in the Reserve then for four years, and
reentered the United States Air Force in February of 1950, and
remained in the Air Force until I think it was October of 1968
when I retired.
2: So your main job, you were a pilot?
A: I was commissioned as a pilot, and I remained on flying
status until, I think it was '61 or '62 when many of the pilots
who found themselves in primary occupations other than flying
were, according to the regulations, excused from meeting the
requirements of flying.
Q: So what was your main occupation?
A:
My main occupation during World War Il, once
commissioned, was in B-17s. I was a co-pilot on a B-17. When
the war ended in Europe we were transferred to a B-24 outfit in
the Training Command. I was a co-pilot in B-24s until I left in
' 45 or '46.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1607, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
programs in use of altitude equipment, oxygen masks, things such
as that, parachutes, seat ejection. I got involved in pressure
suits and obtained a Master's degree in human physiology, then
flew for a year during the Korean War, and returned to the
Aeromed Lab as a project officer on altitude suits, where my main
efforts were in the development of the MC-3, MC-4 altitude suit,
the sort that was used by the U-2 pilots.
Then I returned to the university and obtained a doctorate
in human physiology and biophysics. From that time on in the Air
Force, my main function was as a research scientist, applied
scientist. We studied a variety of stresses, but mainly
temperature -- extreme cold or extreme heat, exposure to nuclear
detonations.
The last two years in the service I was in charge of a
laboratory at Holloman that had the responsibility for studying
impact, thermal stress again, exposure to space, vacuum of space,
disrupted circadian rhythms and things such as that, sleep
deprivation, isolation.
Q: What year did you arrive at Wright-Patterson?
A :
My first assignment to Wright-Patterson was in about
May of 1950. After three months or four months at the School of
Aviation Medicine in Randolph Field, Texas.
Q: Did you remain assigned there pretty much until you
took that assignment at Holloman?
A: I was there for my entire, if you will, practical Air
Force career except when I was in the university or the one year
of flying. Then at Holloman two years.
Q: That brings us to the project you became involved in
where you were actually learning to fly a balloon.
A:
Yes.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 338, "chars": 1965, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Could you describe under what circumstances did you
become involved in balloons?
A :
That must have been in my third assignment at the
Aeromed Lab.
Joe Kittinger had begun his balloon projects, and
wanted some backup pilots. His requirement was, or the
requirement to train for one of these positions, was to first be
a pilot, a pilot on flying status, and to have made a parachute
jump. There were two of us in the laboratory who met that
requirement -- Dan Fulgham who had been an F-84 pilot and a
parachutist, and I had made a parachute jump with the parachute
laboratory at Wright Field in 1950, so I had the parachute jump,
and I was also qualified as a pilot, in non-flying status at the
So we then, along with Joe Kittinger, did some TDY at
Holloman and were checked out as balloon pilots, which at that
time I think we flew four nights in a row, and we flew at night
because the winds were calm.
Then we would make landings and
vertical ascents and vertical descents and so on, very early in
the morning before the winds came up, and then by 7:00 or 8:00 or
9:00 o'clock when the winds had come up for the day, we would
stop flying and return to the base until that evening about dark
when the winds were going down. We again took off in the
balloon.
I've forgotten what the requirements were, but there a total
number of hours required, as I remember, and a total number of
landings of some sort. Then we had to be observed by FAA
examiners and do a little written test.
It seems that anybody
who was a balloon pilot at that time was also a balloon
instructor, so Joe met those requirements, and the FAA people
came down and watched us that last morning ascend and descend.
We did a little written exam before we did that, and we were
granted a balloon license.
These, by the way, were not hot air balloons. They were
mylar, I believe, two mil mylar or something of the sort balloons
filled with helium. They were helium-filled balloons.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1736, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
l: I have some pictures.
A: There's the gondola, which was sort of like a big
garbage can. The balloons, if I remember correctly, were 50 feet
across. They might not have been quite that large, but they were
sizeable balloons. I think we weighed about 1200 pounds on
launch, and that put us with three occupants and parachutes and
ballast, a stabilized altitude of I think about 12,000 feet. So
they were sizeable balloons.
l: We reviewed your personnel record, and we found a
reference that you were involved in a non-dirigible aerostat
accident on the 2lst of May, 1959.
A: That is probably the third flight which...
Q: Who was flying the balloon with you?
A: All three of us were in the balloon. That was Captain
Joe Kittinger, Captain Dan Fulgham, and I, Captain Kaufman. We
launched a balloon from Holloman, from the base itself at dark,
and the winds were
from the southwest, and we drifted out across,
up over the mountains.
We had, as I remember, an aircraft
escort, a C-131.
We had radio contact with them, and we drifted
all night. In the morning, as it became daylight, the C-131 left
us, went back to the base, and the helicopter came out in
anticipation of picking us up.
We also had a truck, escort if you will, who at the end of
the flight would pick up the gondola and the balloon, package it
all up and return it to the base.
We landed the balloon northwest of Roswell, I suppose some
distance 25 or 30 miles.
I dont can quite what, but we were
some distance from Roswell, and talked to the crew of the truck
who said they had been in contact with the base, the base weather
people, who forecast a strong dry front coming through or
something of the sort, and they felt that we should shut down
then.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2091, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Well, the sky was beautiful and it was dead calm, so we
decided we would get a few more minutes, perhaps hours in.
Something that people always express surprise at, we were making
touch and go landings in the balloon, which was very simple in
that balloon. You simply valve off a bit of helium and the
balloon starts its descent, and when it settles to the ground,
you dump a bit of ballast and the balloon rises again. And then
you valve off again and the balloon touches the ground, and you
can touch very vigorously, or you can touch very gently, and you
can establish an altitude a few inches above the ground and drift
across it and bump into little rocks and so on.
This is what we were doing. We had ascended again to
perhaps 150 or 200 feet, and the wind came up very briskly and
very suddenly, and we found ourselves drifting into the northwest
corner of Roswell, New Mexico -- very rapidly. I think Joe said
later when he checked the weather, that the wind had risen to
something like 70 knots.
I happened to be flying the balloon, if that term can be
used. We decided rather quickly that we should try to set down,
since the wind was getting stronger and stronger, that we should
try to set down on the northwest side of Roswell before we got
over the city, rather than waiting until we had drifted all the
way across the city to try to set down.
In so doing, we set up into a rather steep approach into a
small pasture in which there was a palomino pony grazing. And
there was a small cottage next to this little pasture. The
pasture was probably an acre or two or three. The balloon
settled very gently. I happened to be facing the direction we
were moving, to the southeast, and as instructed, a finger on the
safety switch which allowed the second switch to be pushed which
cut the balloon away with explosive bolts.
Well, when we touched
down, as instructed, and I was patting myself on the back --
that's a mistake. We touched down in the northwest corner of our
little pasture very nicely. The balloon touched the ground.
Bumped. I hit...
Q: The gondola?

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1544, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
A:
The gondola. I hit the safety switch, then hit the
explosive bolt switch, and we rolled up in a ball. That is, the
gondola had turned completely upside down with the three of us
under it, and it suddenly became very dark.
This balloon was fitted with a cargo chute so that when you
cut the balloon away, there was still a cargo chute above, on the
risers above the gondola. I can picture this strong wind
inflating the parachute and dragging us across this little
pasture, and I made some remark like, "Let's get the hell out of
here."
I heard Dan Fulgham say, "Not yet," very insistently.
And then he said, "Now," and the three of us quite readily,
easily, lifted the gondola, about 1100 pounds, off of us and came
out.
A rather interesting sight. I find it very humorous looking
back at it.
The truck, apparently, had driven through the fence
into us to pick up the gondola.
We were not far from the little
cottage, and the occupant of the cottage in his long winter
underwear was out on the porch screaming at us, "You can't land
that damn thing here, " although we had just. Maybe he was
talking about the chopper, which was also landing beside us at
the time.
We had a lieutenant get off of the chopper, whom I had not
seen before, and he was busy placating the rancher, that
everything would be taken care of, and the horse was running
through the fence and out down the street. All sort of Keystone
Cops like.
Q: Was it H-21 do you think?
A: Pardon?
Q: An H-21?
A: Yes, it was a rotor at front and rear, very noisy.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 1768, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Dan Fulgham came to me and made some remark about how did he
look? His face was rather badly scraped. He was wearing an
experimental helmet, hard hat, which had been crushed.
Q: Is that...
A :
helmet.
That's it. It's different than a standard pilot's
Q: It's like a cap.
A:
It covers the top mainly. It's like bike helmets sort
of. This thing was like a piece of paper. You could shake it
and it would flutter. He, apparently, had been hit in the
forehead by the edge of the gondola.
And you can see the gondola
is padded at the top. As the dice cup went over, he must have
turned around, along with Joe. I was face down under, in the
dirt. Joe must have been on top of me, and Dan on his back on
top of Joe, and then the lip of the gondola must have struck him
in the forehead.
As I remember, one of his eyes, the pupils were dilated, and
he asked me if he looked all right.
I said, "oh, Dan, you look
fine. You've got a bit of an abrasion there," and again, rather
humorously, he said, "I think I've fractured my skull. See that
they take good care of me," and he laid down on his back and
cross his hands on his chest and closed his eyes.
While this was going on, the lieutenant was placating the
rancher. The horse had disappeared. The balloon had gone off
skyward, deflating itself. The truck crew was doing their job
magnificently loading up the gondola into the truck and getting
out of there and trying to put the fence up again.
We loaded up into the... I talked to one of the crew
members of the chopper, I suppose a crew chief. I'm not familiar
with choppers, and wasn't then. I said, "One of us seems rather
badly hurt. Do you have a stretcher?"
Yes, they had a
stretcher, and we put Dan on the stretcher and loaded him into
the chopper.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1357, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Joe was bleeding rather badly but superficially from under I
think his left eye.
Q: So Fulgham got the hit in the head. You put him on the
stretcher and took him to the helicopter.
A:
Yes.
Q: And now Captain Joe Kittinger was also injured.
A :
Yes.
He had what turned out to be a fairly superficial
laceration under, I think it was the left eye, but it's a highly
vascular area and he bled profusely. Joe was very disturbed
about this, that we should wreck the balloon and get in all sorts
of bad public relations problems here and so on.
But the thing at the time, we were concerned about Fulgham
and the pilot asked what we should do about it? He said Roswell
Air Base is right down here, and we decided, I don't remember the
details, maybe I said let's go down there to the hospital or
something.
Q:
That would be Walker Air Force Base. What used to be
Roswell Army Air Field.
A: That's right. It was across town, as I remember. So
the pilot called the tower, and this must have been about 7:00
o'clock in the morning. It was quite early. Called the tower.
Then we began to get into trouble about shooting touch and go
landings in a balloon. That sort of confused things.
2: Now you're en-route...
A: We're en-route from northwest Roswell to Walker Air
Force...
2: You're basically MEDEVACing these two injured pilots.
A: That's right.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1561, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Q: Since he had a head injury, you were taking him to the
nearest medical facility.
A: The pilot called the tower and said, and having come
from an experimental base, it was nothing unusual to him to have
a balloon accident or to evacuate somebody who might have been
hurt a bit or call the tower and say we need an ambulance.
He
simply said, "We've got an injured pilot on board. There's been
a balloon accident, and we would like the flight surgeon and an
ambulance to meet us at the tower." That was about the time that
General Curt LeMay was running SAC, and SAC bases were being
invaded by training groups and what have you. The tower
established the fact that yes, we were an Air Force chopper and
that we seemed to have somebody injured, and what had we been
doing? We had been shooting touch and go landings in a balloon.
Q: So this is when LeMay used to do surprise inspections.
A: That's right. Surprise inspections, true.
Q: And security was...
A: Very high.
Q: Walker was a nuclear base at that time.
A: That's right.
So we landed the chopper. We got clearance to land and
landed the chopper right in front of the tower and were met by an
ambulance and several MPs with machine guns.
The flight surgeon
did not bother to come down. He was busy with a prenatal clinic
that morning.
We loaded Dan into the ambulance and were accompanied by the
MPs to the hospital. The chopper shut down and waited for us.
It was really pretty heavy stuff for three captains who were
used to getting in line for months to get something done on a big

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1612, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
base like Wright-Patterson, and here we had a chopper assigned to
us and everything was going our way.
But we got to the hospital, and here were all these women
who were pregnant sitting in there, and we come in with... All
three of us covered with dust from rolling around in the desert
under the gondola. Joe got stitched up very quickly. Nothing
happened to me.
They got me on the phone to the base commander
who wanted to know what the hell is a touch and go landing in a
balloon. I explained it to him and he said oh, that sounds very
reasonable. He said, "I have to call the general." I've
forgotten which general it was.
But anyway, his commander, and
tell him what has happened here.
I stood around cooling my heels while they looked Dan over
thoroughly, and Joe paced up and down, and decided he'd better
call the colonel back at the base at Wright-Patterson and explain
to him what had happened.
Q:
hallway there?
Where do you think he was doing his pacing? In the
A: Yes, and the pregnant ladies were watching us, as I
remember. But yes, he checked the weather and checked the winds
and things like that.
Then he called the colonel back at the Aeromed Lab.
Q: Which colonel was that?
A: Colonel Stapp. John Paul Stapp. I could hear him on
the phone explaining to Colonel Stapp in a rather loud voice what
had happened. He told him that Dan Fulgham had been injured, but
he seemed to be not seriously injured, and that he had a minor
cut, and that Bill Kaufman wasn't hurt at all.
We got Dan patched up and they wrapped his head up in a big
bandage. Once again, we left by ambulance.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1276, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
The base colonel called back and wanted to talk to me. He
said, "Captain, what did you tell me you were doing?"
I said, "We were shooting touch and go landings in a
balloon."
He said, "I thought that's what you said. I told the
general that, and he said 'What in the hell do you mean, touch
and go landings in a balloon?'"
So he said, "I've got to call
him back and explain this again.
We then loaded up and flew back to Holloman.
Q: So the H-21 helicopter...
A: Was still waiting.
Q:
...that was your chase helicopter turned into your
MEDEVAC helicopter.
A: Right.
Q: It stood by and then you got back on it.
A: Yes. Then they transported us back across the
mountains there to...
Q: How long was that helicopter ride, would you say?
A :
It was an hour at least. I don't remember. We got
back there about noon. Dan, of course, was put in the hospital.
That sort of ended... No, that didn't end our experience.
Dan stayed in the hospital and the next morning the FAA
people came in and we launched a balloon again, right near
Holloman, and I made my required vertical ascents and descents,
and did the written before, and then did the vertical ascents and
descents, and they said yes, that's it, and gave me a ticket that
said I was a licensed balloon pilot.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1615, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
That's about the end of the story there. As I remember, it
was a Sunday morning. The next morning was a Sunday morning, and
that's when we flew back to Wright-Patterson. Holloman provided
us, again, with I think a 131 and flew us back to Wright-
Patterson.
Q: Was it a regular flight, or were you guys the only ones
on board?
A: No, they set us up.
We were the only people on board.
Dan was all bandaged up. You've got a picture of him here, I
think.
Q:
I imagine he'd also have to be, due to the nature of
that injury, was there some discussion of making sure it was a
pressurized
airplane to...
A:
No, we just, off we went. We knew nothing about it
except that the flight was scheduled for such and such a time
Sunday morning, and we'll take you back.
We got back and landed in front of the tower, taxied into
the front of the tower at Patterson. I think the only one to
meet us was Dan's wife. Dan, of course, was all bandaged up and
couldn't wear a hat. You can see he has two black eyes.
That
was essentially the end of the episode, except that the program
progressed from there on to, Joe did some work with, I think it
was Michigan State or the University of Michigan, astronomical...
Q: MIT, for the Stargazer?
A: That's right. I did some work for them on the
temperatures that they would expect staying up that long and
overnight and what have you. And that flight went off rather
successfully. That was one I was quite interested in.
Q: So you worked on Stargazer.
A: Anticipating the sort of temperature exposure that they
would experience. And then, of course, the program progressed.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1841, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
The initial idea was that one of us pilots, and as it turned
out it would be me because Dan had been hurt and was out of the
program, one of the pilots after Joe made this final jump, I've
forgotten what it was called.
Q:
Excelsior.
A: Excelsior or something to that effect. After he made
the final jump, I was supposed to fly the balloon back to the
ground. Well they decided, not necessarily with my urging, that
since the balloon couldn't be used again, these mylar balloons
were used once and they could not be used again, that they just
cut the balloon loose and drop the gondola. So then I fitted
Joe, again, with a pressure suit and with some, or I think
somebody else fitted him with a pressure suit.
We helped him
with the cold weather clothing and he ascended by himself and
made the jumps, one, two, three. The program terminated, I
believe, with the final jump from 102,0000, 103,000 feet. A solo
jump.
It wasn't quite over, because Joe received an award from
General Schriever and I can't remember what it was, but we had a
nice banquet and so on, and I flew Joe down to Andrews and
listened to the dinner
and the banquet. I had a pleasant evening
with a gentleman named Murray who had flown the X-1 after the
original flights had been made. He flew it many times to
compressibility, and it would spin out of control, and he would
recover and try again. A very interesting man. I spent the
evening talking with him and a couple of other people, and then
we flew back to Wright-Patterson after the ceremonies that night.
So that was the end of my association with Project Excelsior.
Q: A very interesting story, indeed.
What we've been able to discover, there's been a lot of
people writing books, movies, television programs, magazines,
things like this where they describe some odd goings-on at the
hospital.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
A: I think there were odd goings-on, all right. Odd but
not unexplainable.
l:
I have some very specific things to ask you, going
back...
Since you're experienced in physiology, what type of
injury...
We reviewed his medical record and the doctor at the
time describes what he had as a hematoma to the forehead with an
abrasion, I believe, swelling of the forehead.
A: My, and I'm not a clinician. But what appeared to me
to have happened was that Dan must have been on his back, and as
the gondola tipped over, the lip of the gondola, this part, if
you can picture this turning and striking him like that. It must
have brushed across his forehead, wiping the helmet off, and
making a massive bruise to his eyes and his forehead and as I
remember him, he appeared to have a hematoma, that is a bleeding,
like a blood blister, under the skin that began at about his
eyebrows and worked all the way back to the crown of his head and
over to each ear.
His head... It couldn't have been an ordinary
hematoma because it wasn't all the deep purpose of a blood
blister, but rather disruption of the capillaries and swelling.
He had a swelling on his forehead after a week or so that was
probably a half inch to an inch in thickness, that covered his
forehead and went back to his ears and up to the top. He didn't
wear a cap, as I remember, for weeks.
Q: If you were to look at him, would you take a second
100k?
A: Oh, indeed. Well, you can see from this picture. His
eyes were swollen shut, and he's got a beautiful shiner under
each eye. The forehead was pushed forward and around the side.
He had relatively short hair, so this protrusion was not covered
by his hair, it was right there. So he had a rather big head.
Q: While you were there, you mentioned, you said there
were women in the hospital getting prenatal care.
These were
lot of civilians that were there?
a

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1817, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
A :
No, I think they were service wives. As I remember how
they explained this to us was that, for some reason or another I
think this was a Thursday morning, and it may have been a
Thursday. Then we flew Saturday morning and then went back.
That sounds about right. Maybe it was Friday morning. But
apparently the flight surgeon's office for this one particular
morning a week became the prenatal clinic. Here were these
women, some probably not very pregnant, or in the first stages of
pregnancy, up to those who were coming pretty near full term, and
they were in for their monthly or weekly or whatever examination
of their pregnancy. So they had their regular appointment this
morning. Except for emergencies such as we were, nobody bothered
the flight surgeon. He did his prenatal work.
Then these three very dirty, dusty, one bleeding, one on a
stretcher individuals are brought right into this group, and
unloaded there. Then of course there was a certain amount of
confusion at the time. The usual prenatal clinic was not
interrupted by such goings on.
I would call it a certain amount
of confusion. The medical people, of course, handled it very
well.
Q:
Whenever there's a crash on an Air Force base, and
there's people being attended to, or a crash anywhere where
people are being attended to in that environment, it becomes
somewhat, very busy...
A: I would say so. Frantic might be a mild descriptor.
While you were there...
A: People move very quickly, and there are phone calls
being made and things, and gurneys go pushing through with
stretchers on them, things like that.
2: While you were there, you said there were military
wives there. Did you run into any individuals wearing civilian
clothes, male, any men wearing civilian clothes, or had
interaction that you can remember?

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1661, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
A: I wouldn't remember that. I do not remember details.
I was off on the phone, as I said, a couple of times. I was
called back to take the phone. Evidently the base commander
called down to the flight surgeon's office to ask what the hell
was going on, and could somebody explain it to him. I think a
buck sergeant or staff sergeant came and asked me if I would talk
to the base commander, and I talked to him. Then I went back
and...
I remember the phone that Joe was at. I could hear him
talking from the sort of small waiting room that... How many
women there? I don't know. Maybe a dozen, maybe only six. It's
many years ago, as you know. Then I was called back to the phone
again to talk to the base commander. I really couldn't say if I
saw or met... I don't remember any males, let's put it that way,
except the medical people.
l: Did you encounter any nurses that you can remember?
A: I think there were a couple of nurses involved, yes.
The person who came to me, as I remember, was a male staff
sergeant, or of about that rank. He may have been a tech.
Q: NCO.
A: Yeah. Perhaps the NCO in charge of the clinic or
something.
Q: Were there a lot of doctors there?
A:
No, I don't think so. I think at most there were two.
I really don't remember having anything to do with them except
that, as I remember, one in a white coat, the usual white-coated
physician came out and met the gurney with the stretcher on it
and back down the hallway. I kind of picture this going down a
hallway, around a corner into something.
I think Dan was still on the stretcher when we took him back
to the ambulance. I don't believe he walked out. I don't

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1777, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
remember that. But later when we left on Sunday morning, he was
up walking.
2: How would you describe Kittinger? Physically.
A: Physically, Joe was red-headed, perhaps red-headed
Irishman, Mick. Rather stocky, as I remember him. Kind of
brusque. A man of several personalities. Very enthusiastic
about some things. Very charming and slick at other times. Very
outgoing. He could be disturbed, too.
2: When you were coordinating getting back to Holloman and
you were on the phone with the base commander and things like
this, Captain Kittinger also was involved in this process?
A: I don't think he talked to the base commander at all.
I think the only phone call he made was to Colonel Stapp. He was
the commander of the Aeromed Lab at that time at Wright-
Patterson.
2: Did you see Colonel Kittinger get in any discussions
with any civilian men or...
A: No. I don't remember that. The only clear
recollection that I have of being closely associated with Joe
physically at that time in the flight surgeon's office was that
Joe was perturbed that we had had an accident. The program was
somewhat controversial to begin with, and as I remember, funding
was something of a problem. As I think back on it, I would think
Joe was somewhat disturbed about misunderstandings that might
occur and the project being shut down, and things of that sort,
and he was somewhat agitated about this.
I do remember him calling the weather station, too, and
coming out and saying to me, I think he said the wind was up to
70 knots in some of the areas. Maybe it wasn't that much. Maybe
it was 30 or 40. It was very strong, at least. He fussed a
little about that. Then he said, "Well, I've got to go call the
colonel. I've got to call Colonel Stapp and tell him what
happened."

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1498, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Yeah, he was somewhat agitated, as I think any...
Joe was
very enthusiastic about his program.
Q: He'd just had a crew member injured.
A: And having somebody injured, that's right. I think
that he was understandably agitated at what had happened. Nobody
likes to have an accident. Certainly not in your own project.
Yes, I would say that Joe was somewhat agitated, but I don't
remember any incident or any aspect of this other than those two
things.
I remember him coming to me and talking to me about the
weather. He was checking the weather right after we got in
there, and him saying I've got to go call Colonel Stapp, and I
could hear him talking to Colonel Stapp. Whether he had a phone
there or whether he was in an office around the corner, I don't
remember.
Q:
Someone has alleged that this red-haired captain was
going through the hallways and he was calling this civilian, he
said he called the civilian a son of a bitch. Would that...
A: I don't remember anything like that. That's highly
unlikely, as I knew Joe, that he would do anything like that.
He
might...
As I remember, Joe did not use obscenities frequently.
Again, that may be another side of him that I didn't see, but
I
would think that he might express his feelings not toward an
individual, but toward the situation. This is a damned rotten
situation.
Q: During this time did Colonel Kittinger, or working with
you, did you have a black NCO? In this particular hospital
setting.
A: I don't remember that.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 1814, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
Q: Did Colonel Kittinger have a black NCO assistant on
that day? Someone who would have gone around with him and done
things with him?
A: There may have been a black NCO in that clinic, but he
would not be... It would be that day only. I don't remember...
There was somebody on the chopper, and like I say, perhaps the
crew chief, but I don't remember that he was black. One of the
medics there in the clinic, if there was such a person. But no,
I have no remembrance of that sort of thing.
Q:
On this day were there any airplane crashes other than
yours where someone would have been killed and put in a body bag?
A: Not that we were aware of.
Q: Not that you saw?
A: No. We certainly didn't hear anything... If there had
been
a major
accident in the area, we spent two more days down
there, and I'm sure we would have heard about it. It would have
been in the papers or something of the sort.
Q:
Since you were stationed there at Wright-Patterson,
starting at about 1950 on a pretty regular basis until about
1967, I'm obligated to ask you.
There are a lot of people who
discussed these so-called space aliens being stored in a freezer
or being experimented on by the Aeromedical people at Wright-
Patterson. In your experience there, in the years you were
there, did you ever hear these stories? Or did you have any
knowledge of any of these things?
A: We, to my knowledge, my three tours in the Aeromed Lab,
if there were any aliens or bodies stored there, it was a
magnificently kept secret. I never heard anything about it.
I
think everybody was aware that there was a UFO program going on
there at the time, I think it was called Project Blue Book or
something of the sort. We were aware of it.
I don't think
anybody thought much of it except the people who were working
directly with it.

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1225, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KAUFMAN - 5/24/95
(END OF SIDE)
A: No. The whole time I was there, I was certainly
unaware of any physical aspects of this or even rumors.
I think
a lot of us, if it ever came up, sort of chuckled at the idea of
UFOs or aliens or things like that. If there was, it was the
best kept secret there has ever been.
l:
remarks?
That kind of wraps it up. Do you have any final
A: No. Only that I thoroughly enjoyed my experiences with
balloons and with Joe Kittinger and Dan Fulgham.
It was a
wonderful time. We did very exciting things, which of course
couldn't be done now with the human experiments committees and
things like that. Outstanding facilities.
Fine people to work
with. We complained regularly about obstructionists and things
like that, but we still managed to get most things done.
The laboratories we had, I think regularly what a great
facility we had there with a
shop and capable engineers and
physicists, electronics people to help you build equipment.
Experimental equipment that, when they finished their testing you
could use to build something else out of it. It was just a great
time.
And I think it's a time that may never occur again, of
course.
Q: That's everything I have. Thank you very much.
(END)
