{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T21:33:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1942444, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989225.pdf", "source_sha256": "9ee26e6527857ed423773253977081886400e4ded191d53c350ab2a394aeb501"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1437, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RIMENT
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
MAY 1 9 1994
Lt Col Sheridan W. Cavitt, USAF (RET)
417 Dungeness Meadows
Sequim, WA 98382-6412
Dear Colonel Cavitt
As you may know, the General Accounting Office (GAO) has instituted an audit that,
among other things, seeks to fully explain the claims that the US Government recovered an alien
spacecraft near Roswell, NM, in July 1947 and since that time, has covered up that fact. In an
effort to assist the GAO, the Air Force initiated a detailed independent review of our records
pertaining to this claim. Your name has been prominently mentioned in regard to this matter.
The bearer of this letter, Colonel Richard L. Weaver, Director, Security and Special
Program Oversight is heading this review on my behalf. Colonel Weaver has a TOP SECRET
security clearance and is authorized access to all Air Force special access programs. If you have
information that you feel may be classified you may share it with Colonel Weaver for this official
Air Force purpose, without violating any security agreement you previously made. Clearance
information or questions should be addressed to Colonel Tim Kinnan, my Military Assistant, at
(703) 697-7378.
I encourage your full cooperation to help the Air Force officially resolve this controversial
matter. I appreciate your continued service to the Air Force and thank you in advance for your
help
Sincerely
Sudo 6. Wieneel
Sbella B. Nidnal1
1A -12

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 885, "chars": 5253, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Date: 24 May 94
Place: Sequim, Washington
4M I Sheridan W. Cavitt, 456-18-5501, A0411148, hereby state that Richard L. Weaver was identified to me as a Colonel,
USAF. I do hereby voluntarily and of my own free will make the following statement without having been subjected
to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement. za
UN I was a Counterintelligence Corps (CIC) Special Agent for the US Army Air Force who was initially assigned to
Roswell AAF following my graduation from CIC school at Ft. Holabird, MD, in late June or Early July, 1947.
Shortly after arriving at Roswell, New Mexico in that time frame I had occasion to accompany one of my
subordinates, MSGT Bill Rickett, CIC, and Major Jesse Marcel, Intelligence Officer the 509th Bomb Group, to a
ranchland area outside of Roswell to help recover some material. I think that this request may have come directly
from Major Marcel. I do not know who may have made the report to him. To the best of my knowledge, the three
of us traveled to the aforementioned ranch land area by ourselves (that is, no other persons, civilian or military, were
with us). I believe we had a military jeep that Marcel checked out to make this trip. When we got to this location we
subsequently located some debris which appeared to me to resemble bamboo type square sticks one quarter to one
half inch square, that were very light, as well as some sort of metallic reflecting material that was also very light. I
also vaguely recall some sort of black box (like a weather instrument). The area of this debris was very small, about
20 feet square, and the material was spread on the ground, but there was no gouge or crater or other obvious sign of
impact. I remember recognizing this material as being consistent with a weather balloon. We gathered up some of
this material, which would easily fit into one vehicle. there certainly wasn't a lot of this material, or enough to make
up crates of it for multiple airplane flights. What Marcel did with this material at the time was unknown to me,
although I know now from reading about this incident in numerous books that it was taken to Eighth Air Force
Headquarters in Fort Worth where it was subsequently identified as a weather balloon, which I thought it was all
along. I have reviewed the pictures in the 1991 Book by Randle and Schmitt on the UFO Crash at Roswell wherein
Marcel and Ramey are holding up this material and it appears to be the same type of material that we picked up from
the ranch land. I did not make a report of this incident to my headquarters since I felt that the recovery of a weather
balloon was not a big deal that did not ment a written report. In the same referenced book by Randle and Schmitt I
was reputed to have told Rickett (on Page 63) that we were never there and this incident never happened. The book
seems to imply this was in some sort of conspiratorial tone; however it is more likely I told him not to mention it to
our headquarters because we had wasted our time recovering a balloon. I only went to this area once and recovered
debris once and to the best of my knowledge there were no other efforts to go back there. If there were, they did not
involve me. There was no secretive effort or heightened security regarding this incident or any unusual expenditure
of manpower at the base to deal with it. In fact, I do not recall the incident being mentioned again as being any big
deal and I never even thought about it again until well after I retired from the military when I began to be contacted
by UFO researchers. Many of the things I have mentioned to these people have either been taken out of context,
misrepresented, or just plain made up. I did know both Jesse Marcel and Bill Rickett very well (both are now
deceased). I considered them to be good men, however both did tend to exaggerate things on occasion. With
regards to claims that we tested this material by hitting it with sledgehammers without damaging it, I do not recall
any of us doing so. I also did not test this material for radioactivity with a Geiger counter (or anything else). I do not
recall attempting to burn any of this debris but my wife tells me she recalled that Jesse Marcel, his wife and son did
have a small piece that they held over the fire when we had a cookout. In short, I did help recover some debris near
Roswell, New Mexico in the summer of 1947. I thought at the time and think so now, that this debris was from a
crashed balloon. I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold information from anyone, either the US Government
or the American public. I have never been sworn to any form of secrecy by anyone concerning this matter and I
have received authorization from the Secretary of the Air Force to discuss with Colonel Weaver any information of a
classified nature that I may have concerning it. There is no classified information that I am withholding. I have never
been threatened by the US Government or any of its subdivisions, or by any persons, not to talk about this incident
with anyone, and in fact I have talked to a number of private researchers. My bottom line is that this whole incident
was no big deal and it certainly did not involve anything extraterrestrial.
/A-!

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 22, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page; retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tray D. Cunt
24 mAn94

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 671, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONTINUATION SHEET FOR AF FORM 1168 AND 1169
THIS PAGE
USSO
STO NOTARES
ONLy
I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all pages and corrections, and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true as
written.
WITNESSES:
→ Pat.
Вам7
(Signature)
Many D. Cutt
(Signature)
417 Dumpere m2u.
Sequin Ms
(Signature)
(Address)
AF
JUL
75
1170
Squin,
(Address)
Subscribed and sworn to before me, a person authorized by law to adminis-
ter oaths, this
24
day of
MAY
-1,94
SE
Tick
(Signature of Person Administering Oath)
ICHARDL.
WEAVER
CoL
• LISAE
(Type Name, Grade & Title of Person Administering Oath)
GPO :
1986 0 - 168-568
PAGE Z OF A PAGES
5202
