{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T06:44:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4603131, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989204.pdf", "source_sha256": "e5b7adeefe9dadb5ed2b58c5669d176a4ea11712851ec3dd9dcf0995d9204612"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 664, "chars": 4079, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERVIEWS OF HOSSAIN PEROUZI, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
( Combined interviews of Hossain Pirouzi by two reporters. On the left
is information obtained by an Iranian reporter (Petrozian) on Dec. 22, 1976.
On the right is information obtained by a British reporter ( Scheckler) in January
1977 (exact date not known) •
Supplementary information was supplied by the
reporters to form useable stories for print. The interview/stories are being
presented in parallel to facilitate comparison of the accounts given by the
same person at different times to different people. Quoted statements are presented
in full. Some of the supplementary material has been deleted or shortened.
Unfortunately the interview material was not supplied in a question and answer form.
Therefore the reader must assume that some
modifications of the information were made
to make this material read smoothly, in a manner suitable for tabloid publication.)
- PETROZIAN-
- SCHECKLER-
Time: 10:30 P.M., Sept. 18, 1976. In the
Tehran Airport is one of the busiest.
northern part of
Tehran
object was hov-
It handles 800 or more civil takeoffs and
ering 1000 feet above the ground. It didn't landings a day, many overflights, and also
belong there.
military flights.
Control tower of the Mehrabad Airpott:
"I was on duty from 10 P.M. (Sept 18) to
night shift supervisor (Pirouzi)
was not
7:00 A.M. A lady called on the telephone
aware of anything unusual. The radar was
and said,' I see a strange object, like
blank, since it was under repair.
a sun in the sky, about 1000 meters above me.
A woman called and excitedly described a
The colors change through orange, red and
strange airborne object above her house.
yellow. '"
Perouzi ( 35 years old; controller for 13
"I told her we didn't have any aircraft in
years
asked her to describe it:
that area. Our radar was not working, but it
"It's kind of difficult" she said, "but
was out of operation for 24 hours maintenance,
the closest
thing it looks like is a fan
so we had nothing on radar either. I told the
with four blades. Actually I think there
lady that I would see if anything
was in the
are two different objects. Sometimes there
area and would she please call me again if
is just one of them and then it seems to
she
saw anything special.
I did nothint about
separate and become two. Could you tell me
it then because I was busy with overflying
what it is?"'
aircraft and I thought, frankly, that she had
Perouzi told the lady not to worry:.
been seeing a star. I didn't believe there was
he would check. But he didn't. He wasn't
anytling there . We had no radio contict or
interested.
anything in the area. After 10 minutes
About 10:45 another woman called to report
another lady called. I asked her where her
a strange object in the sky. By 11:15
house was, and she told me the general area
or so there had been two more such calls.
was in the northeast of Tehran, the same as
All the addresses of the callers were in
the first person, and she said 'I was
the same part of the city (northeastern
walking on the roof of my house with my
part.)
child and suddenly saw, and I am still
"By the fourth call I was worried. I took
seeing now, a strange object, lighting up
my binoculars and went to the terrace area
and changing direction and sometimes dividing
next to the tower. " He had no difficulty
into two and joining' together again. I; begar
finding the object.
to think, I began to wonder what was*
"Suddenly I saw it. It was rectangular in
It was now 11 P.M., about 10 minutes after
shape, probably seven to eight meters long
the lady first called. She said'I can still
and about two meters wide. From later ob-
it and I am sure it is not a star, and it
servations I made, I would say it was prob-
is definitely something not an aircraft. It
ably cylindrical. The two ends were pulsat-
1ooks like the sun.
ing with a whitish blue color. Around the
"I had three trainees on duty with me and
mid-section of the cylinder
there was this
asked them if they could see anything. They
couldn't. Then came a third call, this time
*happening over there."

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 673, "chars": 3921, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Perouzi interviaws, page 2
small red light that kept going around in
a circle. It reminded me of the flashing
light of an ambulance, but this one was not
flashing. The circular motion of the red
light was not continuous. Every 90 degrees
or so it it paused just for a fraction of
a second. I would say it took about a
second or two to make a full circle."
Perouzi could see that the object oscil-
lated like a see-saw with the two ends
describing 20 degrée arcs.
"I was amazed. Flabbergasted. I didn't
know
what to think. There definitely was
a very strange object there in the sky
right over Tehran. I could see the
details I've described only through the
1 сона зід сла sky
binoculars. To the naked eye, from the
distance I was at, it looked like a very
large
star low in the sky, but without
the twinkle, of course. I watched it in
this position for a total of perhaps five
minutes. And then it disappeared. I
swept the sky with my binoculars until
I located an object about two miles
further south. I'm sure it was the
same
object but this time it looked different.
It was a circle of blue color...probably
six meters in diameter. I was able to
observe it for about three minutes
before it too disappeared. But this time
it was easy to locate. It was only
slightly further south and a little
higher. Once again it was a different
shape. It looked like a fan with
sometimes three, sometimes four drooping
and tapered blades.
The blade sections
were not clearly outlined. They were fuzzy.
There were dark orange near the hub ,
gradually dissolving to yellow at the tips.
The hub itself was made up of two
concentric areas of color. There seemed
to be a large green surface, and then a
smaller core which glowed like a piece
of red hot coal."
Perouzi's colleagues came out on the
terrace and looked
• all but one agreed
on the general shapes described. One
said it looked like an orange-red horse-
shoe with the space in between a blue
color.
from
a man also living in northeast
Tehran , and he said 'I'm sure I'm seeing
an object that is not an aircraft. What is
it?'
This is five minutes later. I was
busy for another 10 minutes with traffic.
Then one of the trainees got another
telephone call which said, almost like the
others,
that her husband had seen the
object.
'We don't know what it is. Can
you tell us whether it is an aircraft or not?
(BSM note: time now about l1:15 P.M.)
"I reassured her'You can be sure it is
nothing coming against you, but I will report
it. Call me again if you see anything'. Then
I really wondered what was going on. We
had four callers, all from the same area,
and they were worried about what was happenir
so I went out onto the terrace with my
binoculars. First I focussed them carefully
on the tail of an aircraft parked on the
ground, so I could read the registration
letters. When I was sure there were focused
properly I then changed them to look
towards the area of northeast Tehran very
carefully."
"After about five minutes I saw the object,
a rectangular shape about five miles away
at a height of about 6000 feet
and north-
east of my tower. The right end was blue ,
the left end was
blue, and in the middle was
a flashing red light. The object was
seesawir
up and down and moving toward the north
very very slowly. Suddenly, it appeared
at another position one mile further on.
In other words, it was travelling slowly
north, then momentarily disappearing,
then suddenly reappearing one mile further or
just a few seconds later."
"Just a few seconds later, one mile from
where it had been. I could see it this time
as bright as a sun. It was all yellow, like
a star, but much bigger • Then it appeared
to me to be like a starfish."
" I can't be sure of the order of the color
but there were blue, orange, red and yellow
lights. I gave the binoculars to one of
the others on duty and they saw the object a:
a half-circle, in the same colors, blue
orange, red, and yellow.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 3830, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Perouzi
interviews, page 3
Perouzi did not arde with the other des-
criptions. He saw the object change shape
"We had
no aircraft expected to land
so often,
no single description would suf-
although around this time several aircraft
fice. Initially it was
"cylinder" with a
were due to cross into our flight informati
blue base and top, then
a blue disc about
area
They started to report
siz meters in diameter,
then a fan-like object,by radio that they could hear emergency
and later on a "cylinder" on its side with
signals coming from an automatic aircraft
the top left corner curved instead of
distress transmitter. The first report in
angled.
was a BOAC, who called and said ' Do you
have any crashed aircraft in your area? We
While stationary the UFO rhythmically
glowed, oscillated
and emitted lights that
rotated around it. Every few minutes it would
change positions, seemingly disappearing from
the observers at the control tower, and almost
instantaneously
reappearing at another spot
in the sky, miles away.
are receiving an automatic signal on 121.12
megacycles.' We said we had no crashed
aircraft of missing in the area, nor had we
any that had made a forced landing."
"Then a Swissair, a Lufthansa, and
an
Iran Airlines plane all reported hearing
the emergency signal. I decided to report
the whole thing to the Air Force because,
by now, I was really getting worried."
It was past midnight and
Percuzi called
the Air Force. He told one of the deputy
commanders, a general, about the object he
and his colleagues had
seen and about its
strange behaviour. The general told him to
hany on the line while he went up to the roof
of his north Tehran house to have a look
himself. When back on the line he said
'Yes, I confirm it. There is something
there."
An F-4 Phantom jet was scrambled from
Shahroki airbase south of Tehran around
1:00 A.M. In 15 minutes it was over the
Mehrabad Airport in west Tehran.
"O.K., what can I do for you?"
said the
pilot.
Through Perouzi the General gave orders
to the pilot to head 10 o'clock*and
investigate an unidentified object flying
at 12,000 feet. The pilot reported "Yes
I can see it. Are you sure you don't have
an aircraft there?"
Perouzi said there was no airport radar
and that
there was no question of the
object being an ordinary aircraft. But the
pilot could now see the object on his own
radar screen.
"I ordered the pilot to approach the object
and recognize it, but not to take any
action. ")
*Note: presumably this means for the
›ilot to turn 60 to his left.
"At 0030 local time (12:30 A.M.) I
reported to the Air Force.
I told them I
was sure that all the aircraft in our area
had either landed or wereoverflying safely.
And I told them' I can see this UFO to
the northeast of
us
at 6000 feet, and it
is changing positions and its color is
changing. I am sure it is not a star or
an aircraft! I told them we didn't have
anything on radar because our radar was
inoperative, but visually I could see the
object. It was my duty to report to them
what I have seen and I asked them " What
is your decision?' "
"The officer on duty çalled (Brig.)
General Youssefi, who was the senior
officer responsible on duty, and_the mener
himself called me.
He went out onto the porch of his house
and on the telephone he said to me
I see can see something. It isn't a star."
So he ordered one of the Phantom jets on
standby at Hamadon, 200 miles away, to
scramble (note: Shahroki Air Base is near
Hamadon). This was about 10 minutes
flight time away
• One took off and
arrived over Tehran at 0100(1:00 A.M.)
and came under my control. The pilot
reported he was over Tehran and I gave
him radio instructions. At this time the
object was at about 15,000 feet."
" I was getting instructions from Gen.
Youssefi and passing them on to the pilot
on radio. I told him to go higher, and he

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3069, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Perouzi interviews, page 4
"But when the pilot got to within about
15 miles of the UFO his communication
system
and some of the elctronic equipment
went out of action. Then, with the plane
still on course, the object suddenly
disappeared. When the pilot had his
radar
operating again the UFO was now 50 miles
away.
The jet followed the UFO toward the
Afghanistan border, but could get
no closer than 50 miles, although flying
at twice the
speed of sound. The pilot
was afraid of overflying the border so
he turned back toward Tehran. While he
was still 170 miles from Tehran the
UFO appeared over the city again, over the
suburb of Rey in the southeast of
Tehran. Sometime during this period the
pilot was ordered to shoot down the
the UFO with a missile, but when he got
within firing range he could not
activate the firing system. Running short
of fuel the pilot radiod for another jet.
The two jets communicated by radio, and
the second Phantom took over the chase.
The following account is based on what
the second pilot told Perouzi
after it was all over:
(continued on the next page
for comparison with the right
hand column)
said 'Yes, yes, I can see it. Are you
sure it is not
an aircraft? What is the
order? What can I do if I reach it?' "
"I told him ' Get close, describe its
shape and
do no more.' On the radio he
replied
Okay, I will follow.' A few
minutes later
he reported passing the
speed of Mach 2 and radioed 'I'm going
Mach 2 and I'm 50 miles behind the object.
I can't catch him. Its no use to follow
any more. I can't catch him.'"
"He described the object as rectangular
shaped, more like a star. The object was
going faster than Mach 2 and I, at this
time, was in contact with the pilot on
UHF radio. I ordered him to return towards
the Tehran base. He turned back. By this
time he was heading toward the border with
Afganistan. When he was about 150 miles
away, still coming back toward me, the
object suddenly appeared over Tehran. It
had beaten him back and was now ahead of
the Phantom jet fighter. The pilot radioed,
'I can see the object ahead of me, the same
shape as before'.
"At this
time the pilot was about 14
miles away from the tower, and reported
that every time he came close to the
object it affected his radio and all
his instruments. He radioed me,' My
navigation aids are not working', and he
asked 'What was that emergency call?'
I told him that four planes had already
heard the emergency call, and he said,
' Yes,
I am getting some emergency signals
now. '"
"But every time he got close to the object
his navigation aids went out, his radio
went dead, but his engines were working
normally, the lights on the instrument
panel were working, all his navigation
aids were out, and; at one point as he
was talking to me, his radio went dead
completely as he got close to the object."
"I ordered him to close again and said,
'Maybe you can recognize him better,' so
he came within 20 miles of the object
again, and this time he lost all his
navigation aids again, this involved all the
electronic equipment aboard the aircraft."

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 3613, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Perouzi interviews, page 5
"Finally he said he would have to come to base
because his navigation aids were gone and his
fuel was running short. When he turned for
base the object was about 15 miles from me and
at about 12,000 feet. By now a second jet had
been scrambled by the Air Force and the pilot
(continued from previous page)
called the second plane on the radio and said,
'You go back to base...I'll follow the object.'"
"I told the first pilot, 'Ask him, can you
see the object?' The second pilot, who was still
100 miles away,
said 'Yes, I can
see the object.'
This was visual."
"When I first went towards it, it
"The second plane then got within 25-30 miles
suddenly shifted to the right. As I
of the object and reported, suddenly, 'I've
changed course it kept shifting posit-
lost all my navigation aids. My needles are
1ons.
We went around like this for a
fluctuating. I cannot get near the object.
full 70 degrees. It was obvious to me
I can't
get close because I've lost every aid
that this thing was very very powerful
I've got.
What can I do?' "
and could do anything. When it was
"General Youssefi ordered him to remain over
obvious to it that I meant to con-
Tehran, orbiting at 15,000 feet. At this time
tinue following, the UFO ejected a
the object was below him. The general could hear
luminous object at me. That's when
all our radio conversations and I was passing
I headed
straight back for Mehrabad
on his orders. Then the second pilot reported
Airport."
'I can see his lights. He keeps ehanging his
position very fast indeed. I cannor follow the
path
of the object.
I can see his position but
From the control tower Perouzi and
I cannot follow his track. He appears here,
the others saw the bright object
suddenly he appears
there, and I can't track
detaching itself from the larger
him.'
bright object ("mother UFO") and
"We could all see the object with the naked
approaching the Phantom. To Perouzi
eye."
it appeared
to be three times the
"This pilot decided to come back to land, but
size of the full moon. On the radio
when the object was about 10 miles away, he
the pilot was saying ;"I'm coming
radioed ' It has divided into two and an
back. It's about 20 miles behind.
illuminated object has separated and is following
It's following me. Oh! Now..."
me.' "He reported on the radio,' It keeps
And the radio went dead.
coming towards me.' He swung the jet around in a
As the plane went "screaming" over
tight turn and the light followed him, and
the control tower Pirouzi and the
as they swept over the tower at Tehran the
others say they saw a dark rectangular
light which was chasing him by now was 500 feet
form almost sitting on top of the
above and just behind him. I saw this light
juet. That was when radio communication
for the first time, though only for a few seconds
with the pilot had been cut off in
Then the pilot reported that the light had come
mid-sentence. When the plane was over
back
and was stopped only one or two meters
Saveh,
some distance south of Tehran,
from the main object, and he reported
communications were restored.
now appear to be discussing together.,, 'They
The pilot reported "It overtook
"This was 15 miles from the control tower.
me and my radio went dead. I couldn't
Then the pilot radioed, 'Now they have joined
even communicate with my copilot."
together. '"
A little later the pilot reported
"The Phantom jet pilot (thought)
"They're back together again. They're
hovering next to each other, almost like it was too dangerous to go any closer and
talking with each other. Now they've
decided he would come in
to land. He also
reunited."

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3227, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Perouzi interviews, page 6
Perouzi said that from the ground the
reported that every time he got close his
second luminous object had been visible
navigation and all his electronic systems
only when it was separated
from the
went crazy. Then he radioed, 'oh! The
original object and in the initial stages
illuminated object has separated again
of the chase. Thereafter he was able to
and is coming toward the ground. Now he is
notice only the dark,
2 × 2 meter,
settling on
the ground. Can you see him?'"
rectangular form above the passing Phantom.
"I couldn't see him
because we didn't
The Phantom climbed to 50,000 feet
have enough height from the tower, but the
again approached the UFO. Then he changed
pilot radioed
that
the object had
settled
his mind and radioed, "It's too dangerous.
on the ground southeast of Tehran near
I'm returning."
a place called Rey, and he radioed, 'The
while descending he radioed
"The luminous
main object is orbiting slowly over the
object is separating
again...it's descending.
illuminated object on the ground. It is
It has landed by the refinery ( the oil
so bright I can see
stones on the ground.
refinery near the suburb of Rey). It has
It is like daytime.'"
such a strong light I can see almost
"The pilot did not try to fire on it, but
everything on the ground for
their navigation systems went out of
two miles around."
action every time they got close. There
Perouzi and the others also saw the
was strong interference on the radio
descent
from the tower. But the
and they heard these emergency signals
buildings hid the landing spot from view.
which were false. They couldn't get
They could see a glow in the sky near.
the
locked onto the object at all. Their radar
refinery.
was not working when they got close,
He gave a quick briefing to the general
even though all indications were aboard the
who was still on the phone. The general
aircraft that their radar was working.
ordered the pilot to go to 6000 feet, midway
The screens just went blank. The distance
between the object on the ground and the
was 15 to 20
miles, where his navigation
"mother" object above. But again, when the
aids failed. The second pilot reported that
pilot got within 15 miles of the UFO he
sometimes
it was ten miles and sometimes
lost all his navigational aids. This
second
as much as 35 miles away from
the UFO
pilot was also ordered to try to shoot down thewhen his
systems went haywire."
UFO, but he also could not activate his firing
"Both pilots said when they landed that
system.
Since he was running short of fuel
it seemed as though the object could
he was ordered to return
to base. The time
appear or disappear just as they liked, and
now was close to 1:00 A.M. The light on the
could judge in advance what they were going
ground was no longer visible, and the
to do. One told me,
'It was as though they
sky was clear of all flying objects except
could read my mind.'"
the original UFO. It climbed upward and
"One pilot told me, 'It was as if the
eventually disappeared from view.
object was very wise and didn't want to
hurt me.
When I got close, it went
away and moved about as if telling me,
'Go away, don't bother me.'"
The UFO finally disappeared shortly afte
4:00 A.M. local time.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 2877, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
+ +
Trarscript of a conversation between John Cathcart (reporter)
and It. Ger. Azarbarzin, deputy commander-in-chief of operation of the
Imperial Iranian Air Force; headquarters in Tehran, Iran
Date:
Jan 4, 1977
l: The story we have indicates that two jets were scrambled after
a uFo---
is that trae?
A.
That is true. They both were scrambled and they locked on the target but they
received a very strong jamming. And
then they lost almost every avionics
system they had on the airplane.
Is it true that they were unable
to fire their missile?
A.
No, they could not because they had very strong jamming.
2.
Jamning... some jamming you obviously couldn't find a reason for?
A.
No, we couldn't. because that happened to three different airplanes.
We had two fighters... that happened to both of them...and one airliner which
was flying in the area at the same
2.
A.
Right.
The
equipment on the airliner was also jammed?
Well, yes, is was jammed. Of course
they only had radio.
Was the order given to the fighters to shoot and...
A.
No, no.
We have not
given that instruction. We asked the pilot...he
said ' I have everything locked on, but when I reached the firing
range
the whole systen went out.'
That means the fire control, radio, navaid (?),
even the intarphone...the intercom.
2.
On the airplane?
A. Yes.
e. But
where you say
the firing
mechanism was jammed the.....
A. It was in the range of 15 to 20 miles....
Q. Right. But the firing equipment that would have fired the missile was jammed?
A. Yes
, it was jammed.
Q. But the order
was not given to fire?
A. No, it was not given.
l. If the system hadn't been jammed, might the order have been given to fire the
missiles?
A. No, no, no. Why? Why should we? You do that in the States?
2. No...
A. It was harmless. No reason to shoot at them . We wanted to get as close as we coul
2. Have you come up with any information as to what the UfOs were?
A. Uh, well, of course we pass all the information to the U.S. Air Force, but
no, we don't know yet.
Q. But as far as you're concerned they are still unidentified Elying objects?
A. It was unidentified, definitely it was. Because we had six witnesses.
2. Yes, we had some comments from the men in the control tower.
A. Well, in addition to the control tower we had four crews that they hava reported
and of course one of the general officers.
2. When you say four crews, Sir, what do you mean by four crews?
A. Well, there were two f-4's. Iwo Phantoms and each one of them had two crews
(crewmen) .
2. So you had four "crews" all together.
A. Yes.
Q. And these crews have reported
the object as the same
as reported by the
people on the ground?
++ This is a copy of Cathcart's transcript, with very minor editing to clarify
some "typos " and condense the transcript
from double to single space.
Sentence construction and "poor English" have been retained as in the original.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3164, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Azarbenin, pg 2
A. Yes.
l. Are you planning to take any further action?
A. No, no....we do not but we have...all we have done we have given
all the
information....of course that was the request from the U.S. We have given
all this information to our MAG(?) *I think they send it to the organization
in the States and... we haven't done anything since that time.
0. You mean you passed the information to the United States Air
Force?
A. Yes.
Q. They requested it, did they?
A. Well, actually, they have this procedure if we have some information on UFO
we're just exchanging all this information
and we
Q. Right. As far as you are concerned, Sir, this
did it.
incident is extremely strange and
unexplainable, is it?
A. It is. I can say it is because we found out, this technology they were using
for jamming was something we haven't had before and we don't have it. It
doesn't
exist because it was a very wide band and this jammer could jam
different bands, different frequencies at the same time. It's very unusual.
l. Have you seen reports or spoken to the crews involved yourself?
A. Ahhh...I have interview with them and I have talked with them.
l. And you obviously believe what they say because they are experienced pilots?
A. Yes. Yes, we could believe them. There is no doubt. There is no doubt.
O. Apparently at one period the UFOs went out as far as the Afghan border?
A. Uh...where?
Q. Apparently one of the fighter
planes had to follow the UFO almost to the
Afghanistan border?
A. No, no, no, we didn't. This was only in the vicinity of Tehran. And it went
to westbound instead of east. Afghanistan is on the east.
0. Do you know what heights the pilots went up to?
A. That I don't have all the details.
2. We understand he was about 50,000 feet....is that seem reasonable?
A. That might be but I con't say definitely. But according to the pilots' report
they said they were about 30...35,000 feet high. Since they were 20,000
feet high (?)
that might be 45,000 feet..
2. But as far as you were concerned, we had one report there was an order
went out to fire
the missiles but you say in fact that wasn't
true?
A. Oh, no. Why should we?
0. They were posing no danger to anybod??
A. No, why should they? And actually since it was unknown we just wanted to
identify it, so we did.
Q. But so far
you haven't been able to idneify these UFOs and as far
as you're concerned they go down as unexplainable?
A. No, that's true. But I think if you get the report from our military attache,
it would give you more information and more detail. So wę're trying to send
this information to
(military attache)....
Q. This is an extremely interesting story, General. It's one of the most bizarre...
A. I think so. This was the first time actually we had....we were trying to
intercept that...
?. What were you hoping the planes would be able to do when they went up?
A. Well, we just wanted to see....we didn't know if it was a UFO at the beginning.
But then later on we just wanted to get as close as we could to get more
information.
Q. But no intention to destroy the UFO?
A. No, no.
*MAG
should be MAAG: Military Assistance and Advisory Group (made up of
officers)

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3119, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Azarbarzin, pg 3
l. Were you a skeptic yourself before now....has your attitude changed somewhat
to these objects or is it just a daily occurance to you?
A. I don't understand you.
2. What I'm saying is, you know, obviously
as a general were you previously
skeptical about the reports of UrOs and strange vehicles, are you now,
have you changed you mind somewhat?
A. No, we haven't changed our mind yet. But we know there is something and we have
seen even the shape because according to the report from one of our
pilots who was almost crossing under the UFO he explained the shape of the
cockpit and the kind of lighting and all these things.
Q. Apparently the shape and the objects were nothing like any airplane
known to us anywhere?
A. No. It was quite circled
and just like a saucer, and the shape of thi
cockpit was
a ball
•half a ball, and then the color of the lighting
the cockpit was differentwith what it had on the outside. It was,
2. Nothing like any vehicle we have up in the sky?
close to yellow.
A. No, no, no. Not at all.
l. I'm understand that at times the UFOs were extremely more fast, had more
speed than the Phantoms
themselves?
A. Oh, yeah. We were estimating 3 Mach.
l. 3 Machs? How fast is the Phantom capable of?
A. Well, it depends upon the targets...
But certainly not 3 Mach..
A. ...and the configurations ...
2.
...certainly not 3 Mach, though?
A. No, no it's not. But it's ...the way we saw it it could go faster. It could
go faster. This
is what we estimated and calculated.
Q. Have you spoken to any of the people on the control tower?
A. Well, they were not the only ones. They did inform the Air Force and various
senior officers in the air force, they have reported they have seen the object.
Q. But as far as you're concerned, you're conducting no further investigation?
A. No.
l. After having chased
these objects with your jets , General, do you now intend to
keep any special watch on them, jets on alert for this sort of thing or...
A. Well, we don't know if we saw it again we might try.
0. I mean, try to find out much more about these objects or...
A. We want to get as much information as we could.
Q. But were you unable to gather much information
this time other than the shape,
speed, etc.?
A. Well, this is all we got this time. And what I can add actually was very fast
acceleration, especially when going from zero speed maybe to Mach 3.
Pretty fast. And this is something you don't find in any other flying object...
Q. There was also one report of a very bright object apparently falling from one
of the UFOs into some of the hills below Tehran there and there had been
a search by the gendarmerie. Was there any truth to that or was anything found?
A. Well, that I cannot answer at the moment because I don't have the file.
I'd have to look in the file . So, these are the things we're sending to
our military attache....I don't have that information on here right now.
2. But if something had been found i presumably you would know about it?
A. Well, we have mentioned somthing
in that report. But we haven't found
anything.
Q. You haven't found anything?
A. No.
