{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T01:13:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4935510, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989229.pdf", "source_sha256": "f73b152a41a7c4b7636c31e991913f140a3e9393900cb212d1a136b4fccdc8bc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3066, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Place: San Antonio, TX
Date: 25 May 95
I, Charles A. Coltman, Jr., Col, USAF, MC (Ret), hereby state that James McAndrew was
identified as a Lieutenant, USAFR, on this date at my place of employment and do hereby,
voluntarily and of my own free will, make the following statement. This was done without
having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement.
I entered the U.S. Air Force in 1957 as a flight surgeon and was assigned to Walker AFB,
NM, in 1958. Following a residency at Ohio State University from 1959 to 1963, I was
assigned to Wilford Hall USAF Medical Center, Lackland AFB, TA, where I eventually
became the Chairman of the Department of Medicine. I retired from the Air Force in
1977. I am presently a Professor at The University of Texas Health Science Center at San
Antonio, and Chief Executive Officer of the Cancer Therapy and Research Foundation of
South Texas.
I remember a balloon crash that happened north of Roswell, NM, in May, 1959. I
received a phone call from the NCOIC of the Flight Surgeon's office, who informed me of
the crash. The NCOIC, Earl Wormwood, came to my quarters and we drove, in an old
blue Air Force "crackerbox" ambulance, to the crash site. I remember the gondola laying
on its side and the deflated balloon on the ground. The crew members were sitting next to
the gondola. I examined the pilots and determined they were not seriously injured. They
told me they were practicing touch-and-go's and a gust of wind had dumped them on the
ground, and the gondola had struck one of the pilots in the head. Also present were Air
Force technicians in trucks who tracked the balloon. The injured pilots were transported
to the Flight Surgeon's office at the hospital at Walker AFB.
The injury sustained by the crew member was a head abrasion/contusion and a hemotoma
The hemotoma caused the patient's head to swell; however, it was not serious enough for
him to be admitted. I remember receiving a call from Col (Dr.) John Stapp. He was in
charge of the balloon project and was quite famous. Dr Stapp inquired about the injuries
to the pilots and he wanted them returned to Holloman AFB as quickly as possible.
The hospital was an old World War II cantonment-type building with long corridors and a
capacity of fifty beds. I do not recall a nurse assisting me in the treatment of the patient,
although a nurse may have been on duty and observed the patient. I was the only doctor
in the hospital that morning. There were no visiting doctors from other bases or facilities
I do not remember any altercations or arguments that day. During my time at Walker, I
do not recall that any autopsies were performed at the hospital, since we did not have a
pathologist on staff. I do not recall any remains brought to the hospital in body bags, or
wreckage transported in the back of an ambulance. There may have been remains brought
to the hospital in body bags after a KC-97 crash, but that was before I arrived at Walker.
Dr. Ed Bradley was involved in the recovery of the remains.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 125, "chars": 804, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
At no time was there ever any involvement of the Walker hospital with UFO's or "space
aliens". I know this to be true because the hospital was very small and had a small staff.
If any activity, other than normal hospital functions, had occurred, I would have known
about it.
I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold or provide misleading information to the
United States Government or the American public. There is no classified information that
I am withholding related to this inquiry and I have never been threatened by U.S.
Government persons concerning refraining from talking about this matter.
SIGNED:
Sworn to and subscribed before me,
an individual authorized to administer
Ched thin
Charles A. Coltman, Jr., M.D
at San Antonio, TX.
James McAndrew, Ist Lt, USAFR
WITNESS(s):
Berly in Klathen

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1668, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Colonel Charles A. Coltman
Subject: Roswell
25 May 1995
Interviewer: 1st Lt James McAndrew
...Through our investigation, we've come to believe that they're describing an
event that you participated in 1959. You were a physician at the Walker Air Force Base Hospital
in Roswell, New Mexico.
When did you join the Air Force and when were you at Walker Air Force Base?
A:
My name is Charles A. Coltman, Jr., M.D., Colonel, USAF (MC), Retired. I
entered the United States Air Force on 13 September 1957, and retired 20 years later, in 1977.
Q: So you're a colonel, retired, Medical Corps.
A: Yes.
I need to restate my time of service. 13 September 1957 to that date in 1977, when I
retired from the United States Air Force.
Q: During your Air Force career, what major jobs did you hold?
A: I had three PCS assignments. One was as a flight surgeon at Walker Air Force
Base, Roswell, New Mexico, from 1957 to 1959. The second was...
Q: Do you remember the month in 1959?
A: That I left? It was in July that I left.
Q: All right.
A: June or July. It was somewhere like that. I left there and was an Air Force-
sponsored resident at Ohio State University from 1959 to 1963. I finished my residency, and
then was PCS'd to Wilford Hall, USAF Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, where I spent 14
years in various jobs as Staff Hematologist, Chief of Hematology and Oncology Service, and
Chairman of the Department of Medicine. I retired from the United States Air Force in 1977 and
joined the faculty at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, and I've been
jointly working at the university and at the Cancer Therapy and Research Center since that time.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2075, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
2
So the particular time we're interested in is the time when there was an incident
near Walker Air Force Base. It was in May of 1959. May 21, 1959.
Do you remember this incident involving a balloon crash?
A:
Yes, I remember it vividly. I was in bed at home early in the morning when I got
a call from a Sergeant Wormwood who was the NCOIC of the Flight Surgeon's Office. He said,
"Dr. Coltman, there's been a balloon accident north of Roswell and we need to go investigate it."
I thought he was kidding me, and hung up on him.
He immediately called back and said, "Dr. Coltman, I'm serious. There has been a
balloon accident north of Roswell and we have to go investigate it. I'll be by to pick you up."
I put on my flight suit and boots and my hat and picked up my flight surgeon kit, and
Sergeant Wormwood came by in the big blue crackerbox ambulance, and we drove to the site
north of Roswell where there was a large deflated balloon lying on the ground, and the gondola
of the balloon was lying on its side. There were two crew members from this balloon who were
sitting on the ground next to it. They were bruised and banged up, but not seriously injured.
The story, as I further understood it, was that they left Holloman Air Force Base in
Albuquerque, New Mexico...
Q:
Alamogordo?
A: Alamogordo, New Mexico. They were riding in a balloon and they were doing
touch and go landings north of Roswell when a gust of wind came along and dumped the
gondola over, and the occupants out onto the ground.
The balloon was deflated, and they were... I further understood that they were being
tracked by a truck with staff from Holloman Air Force Base, so they were aware of the fact that
the balloon had had this accident.
As best I remember it, they were there at the that time, as well. They were assisting the
crew by the time I got there.
Q: I've got a photograph. Tell me if this looks familiar at all.
A: Yeah. Well, I didn't see it in that format, because they weren't standing in the
gondola.
Q: That was taken like a day prior on another mission.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2298, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
3
A:
That certainly looks like what I saw lying on the ground on its side. And in fact I
didn't see individuals standing in it as are shown in this photograph because it was tilted over and
they were sitting on the ground next to it.
They weren't terribly injured, and we took them to the flight surgeon's office where I did
a complete physical evaluation.
1 subsequently called Holloman Air Force Base and spoke to Colonel Stapp who was the
person who was responsible for their activities.
Q: He was pretty famous by that time.
A:
Yes, he was the fastest man on earth. Rode the rocket sled and had rapid
deceleration and so forth, so he was well known to me. So I called and he was anxious to get
them back to Holloman. I described to him what had happened, and I pointed out that there were
some minor injuries, but I didn't think there was anything serious.
Then as I recall, they went back to Holloman. I don't... My memory about what
happened after that is somewhat remote, is somewhat clouded. But they were anxious to get
them back as quickly as possible. I think that's exactly what happened.
Q:
who these guys were?
Let's talk about the people who were on board the balloon. Do you remember
A:
I didn't remember their names, but I know one of them was an instructor pilot for
the balloon and the other one was a student pilot. The student pilot, as I understood it, was
learning how to fly the balloon in order to engage in an Air Force mission. I subsequently knew
that it was a mission to take someone in a balloon to extraordinary altitude.
One mission involved measuring cosmic radiation from very high altitude and its
potential affect on space travelers. The other was another fellow who worked with Colonel
Stapp and his name was Simon. It was, I believe that Simon was the one who went up to
extreme altitude, 102,000 feet or something like that. Then bailed out of the balloon and free-fell
to determine whether one could survive in the cold atmosphere in order to open the parachute at a
level that was safe to then land. That, I think, was probably preliminary to determine whether or
not space travel was feasible.
Q:
I've got the medical records of the patient who was injured in this particular
accident, so I'm going to give you a chance to review it.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2257, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
4
(Pause)
The patient who was injured in that balloon accident was Colonel Dan Fulgham.
He was on temporary duty from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base to Holloman to train as a
backup pilot for Colonel Joe Kittinger, who did high altitude work.
What you can remember about his injury, having reviewed his official medical record,
what do you recall from his injury?
A:
I recall that he had a head abrasion and contusion. I didn't, I don't now clearly
recall that his protective hat was crushed in the, producing the hematoma which he had on his
forehead.
At the time that I saw him, he had some swelling of his forehead. It wasn't as extensive a
swelling as I see in the picture, as I recall. This was a picture that must have been taken at
Holloman.
Q: That was taken back at Wright-Patterson, about four days after.
A:
Yeah. He did not have that extensive swelling. Here I see he's got hematoma, or
bruises around his eyes, under his eyes, and his eyes are almost swollen shut. So I presume that
he did have bleeding into his forehead which I saw immediately, and that it began to get more
extensive and cause the swelling as time went on. But he clearly had an injury to his head that
was substantial, but not serious. He had no neurologic abnormalities, and there was no reason to
retain him in the hospital, and I didn't admit him to the hospital, and arranged for the two of them
to go back to Wright-Patterson fairly quickly afterwards.
Did you see that injury very often? The hematoma to the forehead. Would that
be a common injury?
A:
Of course a balloon accident is an uncommon event. I'd never seen one before nor
since. I think an automobile accident where you hit the windshield would create that sort of an
injury. This may be what it would look like a few days afterwards. But certainly that's
compatible with that sort of an injury.
Getting to the scene there at the hospital, what type of hospital was this? Was it a
large hospital, small?
A:
It's a small, 50 bed hospital cantonment type with long corridors and individual
wards off these corridors. It's the standard World War II type of hospital that was put at the end
of the runway of Air Force bases all over the country. It was 50 beds, had a hospital commander

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2736, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
5
who was a colonel. Had a full staff of physicians and nurses. Ed Bradley, who was my cohort in
the flight surgeon's office, had taken a quick course in diagnostic radiology, and he read the X-
rays. I was involved in looking, because of my experience as a flight surgeon, became involved
in caring for all the patients with head and neck, or primarily ear problems and eye problems. So
we sort of each did our sub-specialty thing. Ed Bradley had had a year of straight medical
internship; I'd had a year of rotating internship before I came to San Antonio in '57, and went
through the School of Aviation Medicine at Randolph. Then went from there to Roswell where I
became a flight surgeon.
Talking about the staff there. There's been reports that a nurse observed a patient
in one of the examining rooms, operating rooms there, that did have a big head, and she became
quite startled at seeing this. Do you recall any nurse being involved in the treatment of this
particular patient?
A:
I can't recall that the patients left the flight surgeon's office, unless it was to get a
skull X-ray, which I think we got, and a chest X-ray. We did some minor things to try to
convince ourselves that those weren't serious, although clinically they weren't terribly serious
injuries.
I think his appearance in this photograph taken at Wright-Patterson is more frightening
than it was at the time I saw him initially. But I can imagine that a nurse may have seen him, but
I frankly can't recall the circumstances. We didn't have any nurses in the flight surgeon' office.
We had an NCOIC and a number of corpsmen and secretary/typists, that sort of thing. We had
an optometrist who worked out of the flight surgeon's office. But that was it.
On the morning this happened, you said this is an unusual event, a balloon
accident. Do you remember anyone asking questions or inquiring who these people were and
why were they here?
A:
I don't recall that, because I was primarily concerned about the people who were
there and who were injured. I don't recall having had any discussions with anyone in the
surrounding area. They certainly were, except for their minor injuries, were otherwise normal
people.
In your time when you were there at Walker, did you ever have any involvement
with the local morticians in town for any type of contracting or anything like that?
A:
No. I don't ever remember any contact with the morticians. You had indicated
that the mortician had provided ambulance service for the base to transport injured Air Force
personnel to the base hospital. I, frankly, was totally unaware of that contract, nor have I ever
had contact with a mortician from Roswell, New Mexico at any time during my stay there.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2197, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
6
Also during that particular morning, whatever you can recall, do you recall there
being any altercations, like in one of these corridors you described? Involving this balloon crew
with any civilians or anyone else?
A: No. None whatsoever.
Q: While you were working that morning, how many doctors were present?
A:
I was the only doctor who was involved at the flight surgeon's office that morning.
I was on call, and they didn't call anyone else. I went to the scene, and then went back to the
base.
Q: So to your knowledge, you were the only doctor that was there.
A: That's right.
Q: No doctors from another base or any strangers...
A:
I don't know whether there were physicians riding in that Air Force truck that was
tracking this balloon. I don't recall that. There may have been, but I don't recall it.
Q: In your time at Walker, do you ever remember them bringing deceased crash
victims into the hospital in body bags?
A:
Just before I arrived there was a KC-97 tanker that was flying with a crew, and
there was a team of navigators who were in the KC-97 doing low-level navigational flights.
They were, I guess, trying to prepare for flying into enemy territory at low level. This tanker
flew into a mountain in Arizona. I remember Ed Bradley, who was flight surgeon there before I
got there, was responsible for that aircraft accident investigation and they flew into a cloud, and
inside the cloud was this mountain, and they essentially killed everyone on board instantly.
I recall during that aircraft accident investigation they had a great deal of difficulty
identifying individuals. As I remember Ed Bradley's description of it, the largest piece of any
individual was what they found in the form of boots, flying boots with feet in them.
It was during that identification process that Ed Bradley, in discussing with the FBI, got
word that if they had had footprints on the individuals who were flying, that they would have
been in a position to identify most of the people, of the victims. In fact, that aircraft accident
investigation resulted in the Air Force then and to my knowledge up to the present time, taking
footprints on everyone on flying status.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1758, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
7
So I can't imagine that they would have brought back those body parts in body bags,
because they were just small fragments of people.
So to my knowledge, while I was there, there was no aircraft accident that resulted in the
death of people and then having them brought to the hospital in body bags.
Q: Was there a morgue in the hospital?
A: Yeah. Well, there was, I think. There was. But I.. That's pretty unclear to me,
because I wasn't, I didn't do much in-patient work, so I didn't have patients dying and then
getting autopsied and so forth.
Q: Would they perform autopsies at the hospital there at Walker?
A:
You know, I don't know the answer to that. I think they might have had a
pathologist come in from town to do it, but I don't think we had a pathologist on our staff at the
time.
Getting back to the nurse, there's been a couple where this individual describes a
nurse where they saw these, they called them foreign bodies in the hospital. A name's been
provided, and the name is Naomi Selff. Does that ring a bell at all to you?
A:
Not at all.
I also have a roster of people who were present at the hospital in 1959. Your
name's on it, and everyone else who was there.
(Pause)
A:
I know Tim Germann, myself, Ed Bradley, Clarence Edmonds... Nelson
Carswell, Jed Duval, Leonard Johnson. He was the lab officer. Ed Ledbetter was the
pediatrician. Ultimately went on into pediatrics, came to Wilford Hall.
The incredible aspect of this is that when I was at Wilford Hall there were probably seven
or eight staff physicians, and I think six out of the seven became regular officers in the United
States Air Force and stayed on.
Larry Patts was there. Dan Parmer. I remember Lillian Stone.
Q: Do you remember Idabelle Wilson?

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1528, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COL COLTMAN - 5/25/95
8
A: Yeah, I believe I do.
Q: What do you remember about her? Anything in particular?
A: No, I just remember the name more than I remember the individual.
Q: Okay.
I have a picture of an old crackerbox ambulance. Is that the type you guys used?
A: Yeah.
Q: Old Korean War style ambulance.
These are actually pictures of some of the communication trucks that these guys used.
That's an ambulance that they converted to a communications van, and that's what they did to the
back of it. Other trucks they used.
The other description a person gives, he seemed to think there was wreckage in the back
of an ambulance. While you were there, did you ever put aircraft wreckage in the back of an
ambulance that you can remember?
A:
No. There was no wreckage. It was this balloon, a gondola which was on its side,
as I remember it, and the balloon which was deflated. There was no wreckage anywhere.
Q:
I'm obligated to ask you this. While you were there at any time, was there ever
anything that could be... The charges are that there were what they're calling space aliens at the
hospital. Did you ever see anything that would resemble, or not resemble, but that would be
some kind of secret activity where there were people moving around with anything like this?
A: Absolutely not. I would have been aware of it had it happened, and it just didn't
happen.
Q:
Is there anything you'd like to add?
A: No. Were you ever able to find the aircraft accident investigation forms that I
started to fill out?
Q: Not yet.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 81, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
COL CORIMAN, =] 57 257 95

A: I don't know whether they ever surfaced...

(END)
