{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T19:46:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 705683, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989191.pdf", "source_sha256": "f32a5ae3334377798229c10ad62b8eaab5e0eb9ecacfbae18d4d57dfd2533c9e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 630, "chars": 3853, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jim - Parkops you and I should form a Club! Any
lude
and/ar Whitmee, Tr?
you get ?
Cheers,
and punctuation
> Dear NirE - It appears some ver
Foomarked 10/19/94 kasha
even got your unigue spelling style down,
ronsease/pinaya, do about ine due etitor some voy gaerant
a internation speesher
• Thought you'd genting
A KARL PFLOCK ALERT
Kao...
By Ed Komarek
. 10/57
Recent events have dictated that I alert the UFO community and the Roswell
researchers in particular to what appears to be a three front attack on the Roswell case by the
Air Force, the established debunkers, and Karl Pflock. According to Stanton Friedman the
recent Air Force propaganda report on Roswell was written by USAF Colonel Richard
Weaver who works for the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. Stanton says Weaver
is now at the Region 2 OSI District Office at Langley AFB near Hampton Virginia. Karl
Pflock is a past employee of the CIA and the DOD. The established debunkers are well
know in UFO circles and their activities are nothing new.
What is new is the resurfacing of Karl Pflock in the UFO community in the last
couple of year with his wife Mary Martinek acting as Representative Schiffs Legislative
Director and who also appears to be a filter for the UFO material reaching Representative
Schiff. My belief that confidential information being sent to Representative Schiff was being
leaked out of Schiffs office to others, particularly to Karl Pflock by his wife Mary Martinek,
was confirmed recently. I received a phone call from Mary Martinek about 2:30pm on
October 11, 1994. This phone call was I believe a attempt to get me to withdraw a letter I
had written to Representative Schiff disclosing a problem I had with Mary. In this phone call
Mary admitted to me that she had disclosed the letter, its contents, and my name to Pred
Whiting. I had good reason to believe that Karl Pflock had also been briefed and Mary
would not answer my question asking if she had briefed Karl. It seems that Mary had held
on to this letter for as long as a week and had not yet disclosed it to Representative Schiff.
She said she would give it to Representative Schiff in the future.
While the Roswell researchers squabble amongst themselves over who is the most
credible and the best researcher, Karl Pflock is quietly gaining legitimacy as a respected
Roswell researcher by developing a friendship with Fred Whiting and having his work
endorsed by the Fund For UFO Research. Having developed these credentials, it appears that
Karl Pflock is about to provide Colonel Weaver, the Air Force and the established debunkers
with phoney research that will give teeth to the Project Mogul cover story. According to a
major Roswell researcher Karl is attempting to persuade witness 1o back off from their
testimony. Karl tells some investigators that the allen theory may be frue and to other more
skeptical investigators he says he doesn't believe the alien theory for the Roswell crash.
What this looks like to me is a debunker in sheep's clothing who is working for a advantage
while the sheep bicker.
I believe soon the war for the peoples right to know will explode in the press when
the mainstream debunkers feed their media outlets like the powerful AP Wishington bureau
more project Mogul propaganda. Right now most of the media aren't buying the Air Porces
Mogul Balloon cover story but if the propagandists can come up with a fabricated explanation
with teeth then watch out. I hope the UFO community can put the squabbling aside for a
while in order to better determine what the debunkers and propagandists are up too. I would
be a shame to see the Roswell case falsely discredited by the debunkers. Now would be a
good time to bring up other crash retrieval cases to the media just in case the debunkers are
able to so confuse the Roswell case that it becomes useless.
