{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-22T16:32:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 22, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 10082493, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989234.pdf", "source_sha256": "5890623327935427a4b8c81ab49dbe918898dd9af7ad6965ab4a7ec78e16c87b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3050, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Place: Grants, NM
Date: 20 June 95
I, Raymond A. Madson, Lt Col, USAF (Ret), hereby state that James McAndrew was
identified as a Lieutenant, USAFR on this date at my place of employment and do hereby,
voluntarily and of my own free will, make the following statement. This was done without
having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement.
I was born, raised, and presently reside in New Mexico. I graduated from New Mexico
A&M College in 1954. I entered the Air Force in 1955 and was assigned a short time later
to the Aero Medical Laboratory at Wright Patterson AFB, OH. At the Aero Medical
Laboratory I was assigned to the Escape Section as a project officer and test parachutist.
During this time I also had extensive participation in various aspects of the space program
and worked on the highly classified U-2 project. I served a tour of duty in Alaska and at
the School of Aerospace Medicine at Brooks AFB, TX, before being reassigned to the
Aero Medical Laboratory at Wright Patterson. I retired in from the Air Force in 1979 and
I am currently and Environmental Specialist for the State of New Mexico.
The first project that I was assigned at Wright Patterson was Project 7218, later changed to
Project 7222. This project was first known by the name High Dive and then was known as
Excelsior. The object of this project was to study the free fall characteristics of
anthropomorphic dummies from balloons at altitudes of 50,000 to 100,000 feet. Following
satisfactory dummy drops, Capt Joe Kittinger made a series of high altitude parachute
jumps that culminated with a jump from 102,800 feet.
I assumed the duties of Project Officer for the dummy drops in the spring of 1956. I made
numerous trips to Holloman AFB, NM, the site of the drops, from 1956 until the end of
the project in 1959 (dummies were also dropped for this project at Wright Patterson AFB
by personnel from the Parachute Branch). I wrote two technical reports that described the
project in considerable detail. The type of anthropomorphic dummy used primarily was
manufactured by Alderson Laboratories but we also used Sierra Manufacturing type
dummies. Both of these dummies are shown in the technical reports. The Alderson
dummy had facial features that were not life-like and ears that were not well defined. The
dummies were outfitted with flight suits of various colors, fuchsia, olive drab, and sage
green (a shade of gray). We chose the Alderson dummy because it was relatively
inexpensive as compared to the Sierra dummy.
We encountered considerable difficulty dropping the dummies from the balloons. I
designed the rack that suspended the dummies, two at a time, from the balloon. On
numerous occasions the dummies were fouled during the release sequence and the dummy
rode a "streamer" all the way to the ground. Other times malfunctions occurred that
caused the two dummies and the entire rack assembly to descend to the ground as one
package. Both of these instances are described in the technical reports.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2317, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I participated in at least two dummy recoveries. The meteorologist from the Balloon
Branch, Duke Gildenberg, would determine the best place to launch the balloons
depending on the prevailing weather conditions. Duke also predicted, with considerable
accuracy, where the dummies would impact. I specifically recall a dummy I recovered near
the Jornada test range, between Leasburg and Organ, NM. During this recovery I drove
a weapons carrier and I was only able to locate one of the dummies, I never found out
what happened to the other one. The next recovery I remember was on a ranch just
southwest of Roswell. We were given directions to the area by the balloon branch
personnel who had been contacted by a rancher. The equipment had reward notices taped
to them to aid in recovery. We went to the Smith ranch, I remember the name because I
went to New Mexico A&M with the rancher, I knew him as Smitty. We searched that day
from horseback and could not find the dummies. The following day we resumed our
search from horseback and again could not find the dummies. I also recall that Smitty
asked us for some of the parachute material so he could make a shirt. We dropped many
dummies from the balloons and I know many were not immediately recovered, but most
were.
I served for twenty five years in the Air Force and most of those years were in the aero
medical field. I participated in the space program and the highly classified early stages of
U-2 program. Never during this time were "aliens" or "flying saucers" a part of any
project. There were, however, countless achievements by the Air Force in aerospace
medicine that were the result of dedicated scientific research. It seems likely to me that
someone could have mistaken our anthropomorphic dummies for something that they were
not.
I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold or provide misleading information to the
United States Government or the American public. There is no classified information that
I am withholding related to this inquiry and I have never been threatened by U.S.
Government persons concerning refraining from talking about this matter.
SIGNED:
Sworn to and subscribed before me,
an individual authorized to administer
at Grants, NM.
Real alasan
Raymond A. Madson, Lt Col, USAF (Ret)
James McAndrew, 1st Lt, USAFR
WITNESS(s):

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1753, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It. Col. Raymond A. Madson, USAF (Ret)
"Roswell Incident"
Grants, New Mexico
20 June 1995
Intervier: 1st Lt James McAndrew
l:
We are in Grants, New Mexico and this is an interview
with Lt. Col. Raymond A. Madson, U.S. Air Force, Retired.
So, I'll just start off by saying the purpose of this
interview is to determine if projects that you worked on while
you were in the Air Force have any relevance to what has become
known as "The Roswell Incident."
Have you heard about this?
A: I had heard about "The Roswell Incident, " yes. But had
not heard in great detail about it.
2: Okay. Well, we'll just get going right away.
The first thing I'd just like to know is where you were born
and raised. And you live here in Grants, New Mexico, how long
have you lived in New Mexico?
A: Okay. I was born in Tularosa, New Mexico on the 14th
of March, 1931. I lived there for four years and then in 1935 my
family moved to Hope, New Mexico, close to Artesia. We were
there two years and then we moved from there to Aztec, New
Mexico, where I went to school, grew up, and in 1949, I enrolled
at New Mexico A & N College. It's now New Mexico State
University. I graduated from there in 1954 and after working
approximately a year in various positions, I entered the U.S.
Air Force to fulfill my active duty commitment that I acquired by
going through advanced ROT at New Mexico State.
On the 16th of May, 1955, I reported for active duty. My
first duty station was
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. For six
months I was a judo and combatics instructor, after which I
transferred into the impact branch of the escape section -- or
the escape section of the Aero Med lab. And during that
assignment, I worked on high altitude bailout and on parachute
landing injuries.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1479, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
2
the escape section of the Aero Med lab. And during that
assignment, I worked on high altitude bailout and on parachute
landing injuries.
I was a test parachutist, also a test subject for Project
Mercury Suit Evaluation. I was a test subject for various
research projects involving space flight, suit evaluation,
checking instrumentation for extended space flight and for a
variety of items, a low bulk space diet, and various things like
that.
2: Okay. And so you went to Wright-Patterson and you
worked on these projects and just -- well, what else did you do
and in what year did you retire from the Air Force?
A :
I retired from the Air Force on the first of March,
1979. I began my job here in Grants on the 2nd of January, 1979
but I was on terminal leave for two months so I was actually in
the Air Force two months while I was also working for the state
and I have been here in Grants since that time.
Q:
So when you left Wright-Patterson, then you went --
what other assignments did you hold before you retired?
A :
From Wright-Patterson, I got transferred to Alaska
where I was assigned the responsibility of an educational
specialist. That's what I transferred up there as. And that was
going back to the period where I was judo combatics instructor.
Let's see, I went up there under...
Q:
Patterson?
About what year was that?
When you left Wright-
A: When I left Wright-Patterson, yes.
Q: And what year was that?
A: That was the 4th of March, 1960.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1665, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
3
I moved from Sea-Tac Airport, the Seattle-Tacoma area, up to
Elmendorf Air Force Base in Anchorage, Alaska. I was there --
the service commitment there or the assignment was normally a
three year tour but while there I applied for graduate training
in microbiology through the Air Force Institute of Technology and
I was selected for that. But in order to make my return to the
south 48 coincide with my entry into school, I really extended
for six months. I was in Alaska three and
a half years.
From there I reported to the University of Arizona in
Tucson. I enrolled in the graduate training program in
microbiology. That took two years. And from the University of
Arizona I was transferred to the School of Aerospace Medicine,
Brooks Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas where I worked in the
laboratory Program and became an observer in the altitude
chambers.
I then worked in microbiology and testing of disinfectants
against microbacteria and tuberculosis, analyzing space foods,
evaluating the use of microwave heating for SAC missile crew
feeding programs and a variety of projects like that.
I was also doing diagnostic micrology for the epidemiology
laboratory at Lackland Air Force Base, and I later got
transferred over to Brooks Air Force Base and I continued doing
microbiological work.
From there I was transferred in November, 1981 back to
Wright-Patterson..•
Q: Seventy-one?
A: 1971.
Q: Okay. And you went back to Wright-Pat?
A: Yes, back to Wright-Pat.
In the impact and vibrations branch where I was assigned to
the impact section. I think at that time it was the impact
branch. But I was also a test subject on test equipment,

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1845, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
4
vibrational impact equipment and I was in that position doing
parachute landing injury research for about one year.
I was transferred to the toxicology laboratory where I was
getting started in analyzing the effects of rocket fuels, rocket
fuel spills on soil microflora and then I transferred again to
the impact branch, continuing my research on parachute landing
injury.
About the last six months of my career, I was transferred to
the (inaudible) Technology Division where I was the FTD salesman
with the Aero Med Lab, the life support system project office, a
human resources lab, another fighter spoke. I was providing
(inaudible) technology to those clients.
And concurrently with that, since I was not able to get an
assignment to Kirkland Air Force Base or Holloman Air Force Base
or New Mexico State University, I was trying to get to New Mexico
because of the poor health of my parents and I wanted to get out
here where I could spend some time with them before they passed
on .
I did not make it for my father but I applied in various
positions and one of the positions I applied for was with the New
Mexico Environmental Improvement Division as an environmentalist,
and that's the position I got. And so after being with the ETD
for approximately six months, I was offered the position here in
Grants and I accepted it and am currently retired.
So also when you were at Wright-Patterson in the late
fifties you worked in the U-2 project?
A: Yes. I was assigned to work with the U-2 project,
Project Joy Boy in which I developed protocol for testing the
escape mechanism. I drafted protocol. I was not actively
involved in conducting any tests. I don't know whether they
conducted any tests in that project or not but I was specifically
selected to develop protocol for evaluating the escape mechanism
in the U-2.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1664, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
5
2: All right. Okay, so one of the projects that we've
identified that may have bearing on the so-called "Roswell
Incident" was Project 7218 which became known as Project High
Dive and then it became Project 7222, known as Project Excelsior.
And I'd just like you to describe how you became involved and in
what capacity and how long were you a participant in this
project.
A: Well, when I transferred into the escape section, I was
given the opportunity to work on the high altitude bail out
project in which dummies were being launched from balloons at
Holloman Air Force Base to study unstabilized free fall. And we
followed on that with stabilized free fall.
I got in on the very tail end of the unstabilized dummy
drops which was being conducted by Lt. Gene Schwartz and I made,
I think, one or two trips with Lt. Schwartz to Holloman Air Force
Base on the unstabilized dummy drop projects during which we
launched dummies on balloons.
And then upon It. Schwartz' separation from the Air Force, I
stayed on the project and I was...
Q: And what was your capacity at this point?
A: I was a project officer for coordinating the launches
of the dummy drop tests.
Q: I see.
A: I was the Aero Med Lab representative working with the
Balloon Branch at Holloman Air Force Base and the Parachute
Branch of the equipment laboratory at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base.
I also relied on the Instrumentation Branch of the Aero Med
Lab for instrumentation on the dummy drops and also the
Photographic Laboratory for photographic instrumentation. And I
was a project officer on the unstabilized dummy drops which
lasted from 1956 until live jumps in 1959.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1690, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
6
During -- in November, 1959...
Q: Now what point did you -- what time did Schwartz leave
and then you took over?
A: Schwartz left in the spring of 1956, as I recall.
Q: So then did you take over his position?
A: I took over his -- well, it was not an authorized
position. The Aero Med Lab had many people that were in
unauthorized slots and I was one of those. They had a resource
of research officers and they had the work and even though we
were not holding down an authorized slot on the manning document,
we were doing the work. And I do not believe Schwartz was in an
authorized slot and I just took over the work he was doing. I
ended up writing a tech report, Part 1, on Lt. Schwartz' efforts
and then I wrote Part II on the stabilized dummy drops which was
my part of the research project.
Q: Now I'm going to probably reference -- the research
I've conducted, I've been able to, obviously, go through both of
those technical reports. We've gotten the project record book
kept by Lt. Schwartz and we've also gotten some project records
that shows the -- some of the dummies -- some of the conditions
and where they were launched and where they landed and things
like this.
So going back to the reports, you wrote both of these
reports?
A: Yes, I wrote both of the reports.
When It. Schwartz separated from the service, he was told
that he had to do the tech report on his project and he turned
in, I believe, one and a half typewritten, double-spaced pages of
text and I believe some photographs and that was to constitute
his tech report.
Upon reviewing the document, I felt that it did not do the
project justice and I asked Major Rufus R. Hessburg, the Branch

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1860, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
7
Chief, if it would be all right for me to write the tech report.
I believe at that time he was still the Section Chief because he
got promoted from Section Chief to Branch Chief later on. But he
was the Section Chief, I believe, when this was taking place and
Maj. Hessburg gave me permission to go ahead and write the tech
report.
I researched the project files that Lt. Schwartz had left
and coordinated with the University of Dayton which was during
the data reduction and had them write the data reduction portion
of the report. I can't take credit for altering that portion but
in documenting the research for -- during the launches and so
forth, yes, I gleaned that from the project record books and
wrote the report.
2:
All right.
So now reviewing the documents and
obviously the objective of the program was to launch
anthropomorphic dummies to very high altitude, 70- to 100,000
feet and to record with photographs and things there -- the free
fall characteristics, both stabilized and unstabilized?
A: That is correct.
2: Does that sum it up okay?
When you used these dummies, were all tests successful or
did you sometimes have difficulty with the parachute deployment
or anything like that?
A :
It seems we had more problems than we had
successes.
I
would not call any of the launches failures, but we had unusual
things occur, like launching a balloon with a couple of dummies
on it and the dummies reach altitude but fail to cut down because
of some instrumentation problem.
One launch I recall we made from the runway at Holloman Air
Force Base, the balloon was launched with the dummies and started
ascending and within a few seconds, the dummies cut down from the
balloon and they impacted there on
the runway. And it was
determined that the cut down command was triggered by a police
radio call in Los Angeles, California.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1814, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
8
Q: No kidding?
A :
It was a foreign signal that caused the dummies to cut
down.
So we had those extremes. We had some launches that were
successful, that is the dummies were launched successfully, we
cut down the balloon successfully, but to this day I don't know
whether the dummies or instrument packages were ever recovered
because they were free-flying balloons and they were at the mercy
of the wind conditions aloft.
I know one dummy drop, we got the balloon instrumentation
box that had cameras aboard and you see the dummy dropping away,
you see below the sled track that Col. Stapp rode on. You see
the edge of the White Sands. That dummy apparently impacted -- I
think it was a failed -- I think the canopy did not open properly
and the dummy impacted presumably in the White Sands and was
buried and I don't know whether it has ever been recovered or
not.
I know on subsequent trips to Holloman Air Force Base, on
one or two trips, I personally went out and walked the area, the
White Sand Dunes, adjacent to the sled track, and I never found
any evidence of the dummy or the parachute or anything like that.
And the parachutes that we were using were bright colors to make
them readily identifiable.
They were international orange, and
fuchsia, and red canopies, things like that to enhance recovery.
Q: Okay. And in talking about the malfunctions, was there
ever a situation where a streamer type situation would occur with
the dummy? It would just...
A: Yes, I believe that project record books do reflect
several streamers that occurred.
The multi-stage parachute was somewhat complicated and I
think Mr. Beaupre would be able to -- the designer of the system,
would be able to better explain the operation of the chute and
possibly explain why some of the malfunctions occurred.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1724, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
9
I think the project record book from my report does indicate
what was determined to be the problem, instrumentation failures,
that the parachute was released by a squib that was fired by some
signal, a radio signal or some electronic signal, that was
dependent on altitude, barometric pressure, and
a timer. And
when you have instrumentation like that, it's possible for an
electronic connection to become disconnected and the signal
doesn't get through and the canopy fails to deploy.
2: So you could have the streamer type situation where the
dummy would just -- the dummy in the bright red suit with the
bright red parachute would just stream to the ground?
A: That is correct.
Q:
And then the other situation could be there would be no
-- the dummy would not be released from the rack, because I've
seen that in the technical report.
A :
That occurred on more than one occasion. The dummy
failed to release. And maybe...
2: So you've got two dummies in the release rack that are
clearly depicted in the report and then this would all come down
together?
A: On the launch rack that was designed specifically for
dummy launches.
We had had problems with -- we would just suspend two
dummies under the Balloon Branch or the balloon instrumentation
pack and the dummies would be cut away, but as they cut away the
first dummy would drag across the second dummy and we had
equipment damage, material damage, and it did cause
instrumentation failures. And so the full potential of the dummy
drop was not really realized. It was not obtained.
So when you were going to have a dummy drop, since you
were coordinating all these different organizations, did you know
exactly where this dummy was going to land?

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2158, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
10
A:
We never knew exactly where the dummy was going to land
but we relied heavily on the meteorology section, Duke Gildenberg
at Holloman Air Force Base.
He would, upon assessing the weather
conditions and the weather projections, he would recommend where
we would launch the dummy to impact in a certain area.
There were times when we launched away from Holloman Air
Force Base, there were other times when we launched from Holloman
Air Force Base and the weather conditions were -- what you were
going to see in weather development were predictions and the
predictions were not always accurate. So we really never knew
exactly where the dummies were going to drop.
The balloon was, again, free-flying and it went where the
wind took it and then when the dummies cut down, they would
essentially free-fall from that point to about 14,000 feet where
the main canopy was to deploy and once that canopy deploys, the
dummy could be drifting wherever and, again, you didn't know
exactly where the dummies were going to be cutting down.
So if
you had a free-fall into the ground, you had instrumentation to
sort of pinpoint an area but the pinpointing was not totally
accurate either.
l: Okay, with that, as far as recovery, did you ever go
out on recoveries of the dummies?
A:
I went on one recovery and as I recall this was a
launch made west of Holloman Air Force Base, I believe west of
Las Cruces and the dummies cut down over the Jornada Test Range
which was west of the San Andres mountains and I did recover one
package and I believe it was the instrument package and dummy but
I don't think -- as I recall we were not able to locate or I was
not able to locate the other dummy and instrument package.
It has been so long ago I don't recall exactly but I do
recall having recovered some of the equipment because it had been
a very long day and as I had the package in the back of the
weapons carrier I had checked out, I was going back to Holloman
Air Force Base. I became quite tired and sleepy and I pulled off
at the White Sands Missile Range Headquarters turnoff at the
highway and I went to sleep. And I was awakened by a military

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1525, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
11
policeman who was checking to see if everything was okay. I
assured him that I was okay and explained why I was sleeping
there and then I went on back over to Holloman.
2: Just to kind of pinpoint the area we're talking about
here on the map in New Mexico, what exactly is the area where you
think you recovered that particular dummy?
A: The dummy was north of Highway 70 and it was between
Las Cruces and (inaudible) or between Las Cruces and San Augustin
Pass, north. And it was, oh, I would say approximately east of
Leesburg or Radium Springs, but closer to the mountains.
Q: Okay.
A: Radium Springs and Leesburg on Highway 85 between Truth
or Consequences and Las Cruces.
l:
you have?
And so you got this dummy. What kind of vehicle did
A: I was in a weapons carrier. For these balloon
launches, we used weapons carriers almost exclusively because we
had to haul equipment and we wanted a vehicle that we could take
off the road in the event of recovery, take off the road to make
launches and so we had to have a pretty good general purpose
vehicle, four wheel drive. I don't think a jeep would have been
terribly practical because you don't have much space for your
equipment and so forth...
Q:
vehicle?
So the weapons carriers was kind of an open backed
A :
No, it might be a weapons carrier designed like one of
the ambulances. You have an enclosed -- sort of like a van. But
it had cargo-carrying capacity.
Q: And what did you do? You just took a dummy, I guess,
and threw it in the back there?

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 1869, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
12
A :
No. When we went to a launch site, we seldom carried,
as I recalled, we seldom carried the dummy with us. We would rig
up the launch package in the bay of the Balloon Branch on a
launch rack.
We would have the dummies equipped. But we still
package in the
had test equipment that we had to check the instrumentation with
before making the launch. And we had tools and so forth and
there were generally two or three of us, possibly four, because
the parachute riggers would also be with us. And so we would
have, I'd say a small party, going to the launch, checking
packages over before we actually made the launch.
In some cases, due to the way the -- or we made the launch
rack so that it had legs to stand on. It was sort of a
triangular structure under which we could suspend two dummies in
sort of a partially laid out position.
But we wanted the dummies
not in contact with each other, so we had the upper dummy and the
lower dummy. But in order to work on the package, we had to have
legs so that they could have the launch rack free-standing.
Now once we got it tied to the balloon and picked up by the
launch truck, the bomb service truck, we would have to unbolt
the, you might say the front legs of the rack, so that it would
be no longer free-standing, it would have to be suspended. And
this way you did not have any excess equipment or material that
could possibly interfere with the dummy dropping away properly.
Q: So the launches, you said you did them -- you said you
did them on base but then
you remembered doing some west of
Holloman Air Force Base?
A: That is correct. Over, as I recall, west of Las
Cruces. But I'd have to refer to the research report...
Q: Sure.
A :
...to be specific.
Q:
The records do show that there were definitely dummies
launched over in that area that we described there, west of the
Las Cruces...

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1471, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
13
A: Right.
Q: ... area.
Did you ever go farther north?
A: Yes. On one of the trips we got word that some of our
research package had been turned in by a rancher in the Roswell
area.
Q: Okay, over the other side of the mountain. But you
never went as
far north as up near Socorro or Magdalena or any of
those areas?
A: Well, I know on the large program involving Capt.
Kittinger, I know that we did go to Truth or Consequences.
We
were going to launch from the Truth or Consequences area. I
don't recall -- I don't believe we were able to make the launch
because weather conditions were not satisfactory and so we had
to...
(END OF SIDE)
Okay. As I was saying we did get up around Truth or
Consequences. But as far as I can recall, that is the furthest
north that we went in that area.
I do know that we had one launch that was it was east of
the Rio Grande. I knew the helicopter pilot, flying an H-21, and
with him at the controls, we hovered over ground zero, over at
the Trinity Site where the first atomic bomb was shot off. So we
were in that area but that was on the live jump project and I
only recall that we were in that site.
As far as I can recall, that's about the furthest north we
got in that particular area. Again, we did have other equipment
impact in the Roswell area.
Q: Well, why don't we just go ahead and discuss that
particular impact that you recall. So you think you had one of
the dummy packages land over there near Roswell?

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2000, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
14
A: Yes, we...
And our research does show that we had at least about
nine of the dummy packages landing within about a 30 mile radius
of Roswell.
A :
Well, I was only in the Roswell area the one time
looking for equipment and that was when a rancher by the name of
Smith turned in equipment.
When these packages were launched, they had a sticker on
them posted by the Balloon Branch, which offered a reward of $50
for this equipment or material being turned in to the Balloon
Branch. And apparently the equipment had been turned in from the
Smith ranch in Roswell and since I was out there on a dummy drop
launch project, I had a staff car station wagon and the project
officer, the Bail Out Project Officer, Capt. Henry P. Neilson,
was out there. And he and one of his instrumentation technicians
from the Balloon Branch by the name of Dick Gabby, the three of
us went to Roswell and we drove out the Smith ranch.
A young cowboy came out of the ranch house when we drove up
and we got out of the car and walked to meet him and I realized
that this was a fellow that I knew in college at New Mexico State
University. I only knew of him as Smitty. And due to our
acquaintanceship, he provided us with two horses on that
particular afternoon.
They had two horses at the ranch house and
we rode the horses out in the general area where he had found
equipment and we didn't find anything and they had asked us to
return the following day and we would have a third horse, because
there were three of us.
He went to the other ranch house that they had and brought
another horse from there so that the second day, the three of us
were able to ride out and see if we could find any additional
equipment and unfortunately we didn't find any equipment but we
had some rather unusual experiences since Hank Neilson was not
familiar with riding cow ponies and it resulted in some rather
humorous circumstances. They were not humorous at the time but
in looking back, they were quite humorous.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 1761, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
15
So about where do you think the Smith ranch was, as
best as you can recall?
A :
As I recall, the Smith ranch was south and west of the
city of Roswell. I have no recollection of the distance. It was
a few miles is all I can say. We did not -- well we had traveled
from Alamogordo over to Tularosa on Highway 54 and at Tularosa we
took Highway 70 over to Roswell. And out of Roswell we took, I
believe, a county road and it was just a few miles to where the
Smith ranch was.
We had some, apparently, some pretty good directions because
we were able to drive right to it. I think we probably had the
distance. But again, I don't recall what that distance was.
How would you get that distance?
Who would know? Who
would give it to you?
A: If it were possible to locate Smitty -- it might be
possible to find -- locate him. His parents might be dead by now
but Smitty, I would imagine, would be staying on the ranch and I
would imagine that Smitty would certainly recall this incident
because he particularly wanted to get some -- he was interested
in having some of the parachute nylon, bright red parachute
nylon, because he wanted to have a shirt made out of that nylon
material.
Q: Did someone from the Balloon Branch give you directions
to where the...
A:
I think it was. It must have been someone from the
Balloon Branch. It's so far back I don't recall and it's one of
the few instances in which I am personally aware of equipment
from these dummy drop tests having been reported by citizens.
Normally we were not notified at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base and Aero Med Lab of equipment being turned in. The
coordination was not that good between the Balloon Branch and the
Aero Med Lab.
Q: Did the balloon people use spotter airplanes?

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 1909, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
16
A: Normally they did not. They had ground recovery crews
and they had radio tracking, I think theodolite, on the balloons
and they followed them with electronic instrumentation. It's not
very often I recall that spotter aircraft were used.
So I guess to wrap it up, maybe we'll talk a little bit
about the dummies, what kind of dummies you used. According to
project records, the two types of dummies that were used were the
Alderson dummy and the Sierra Sam type dummy.
A: Correct.
Q: Do you remember any other dummies being used?
A: I do not recall any other dummies being used. I feel
sure that the Parachute Branch, in developing the parachute, were
using torso dummies. But they were more concerned with
evaluating parachute modifications, functions of the parachute.
They could use a dummy that was not anthropomorphic, so to speak,
and they just needed the weight and body configuration in which
they could attach a parachute harness. But we never used any of
the torso dummies in the Aero Med Lab tests.
In the dummy drop projects we wanted to use anthropomorphic
dummies and we wanted the arms and legs and head and so forth.
We wanted a body size and configuration and therefore we used
95th percentile dummies to equate the more average, fairly heavy
pilot. We felt that if things worked well for a heavy pilot,
that they would work equally well or better with say a 75th or 50
percentile human being.
2: So out of the type of dummies, either the Alderson or
the Sierra, which one do you think you used more?
A: I think ultimately we used the Alderson. As I recall
the Sierra Sams were a rather expensive dummy. They cost, as I
recall, around $3,500 and they were articulated, you could bend
the limbs to the desired configuration and they had a chest
cavity in which you could install instrumentation.
We didn't use
that chest cavity. It was not used in the unstabilized dummy

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 1893, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
17
drops and I think the idea was to have an instrument kit equating
to a survival kit on a pilot.
So they were not concerned with just the body but the body
configuration with a survival kit on the harness. And it turns
out that the Alderson dummies cost about a thousand dollars so
you could have three Alderson dummies and have change in your
pocket for the same price you were spending on one Sierra Sam.
2: Okay. And like I said, the picture -- this is kind of
a modern picture taken last spring of some dummies from the
product manufacturer during the mid-sixties or about 1970. Do
those seem pretty consistent as far as the head and the face with
the dummies that appear in the tech reports?
A :
Yes. They're anthropomorphic dummies. They have a
head like a human and they have the hands and the arms and legs.
The features on the head were not always really lifelike in that
they didn't have well-developed ears the way humans do.
I
believe that it was believed that the ears didn't matter that
much. And certainly the Air Force was not terribly concerned
about that because an ejecting pilot would be wearing a helmet.
Helmets were not used on the dummies because of the
possibility of the fouling of the parachute equipment. The pilot
jumping could, if he had a problem with the helmet, he could make
corrections.
He'd be able to untangle a suspension line or
something like that but the dummies are just free weight hanging
below the parachute and any problems could not be corrected. So
your chances of a malfunction were increased by having a helmet.
2: So I guess one last question I'll ask you is you were
at Wright-Patterson for two separate tours, is that correct, you
were out there?
A: Yes, I had two tours at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, yes.
Q:
And you worked, as we discussed, in that first tour you
even worked on the highly classified U-2 Project?

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 1893, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
18
A: That is correct.
l: And were there many people at Wright-Patterson that
were involved in this U-2?
A :
There were very few people that were cleared to work on
the project. I was the only one in the escape section and we
had, as I recall, seven officers and a civilian secretary, and I
was
the only one in the escape section that was cleared.
Some of the other sections in the Biophysics Branch did not
have anybody involved with the U-2.
My section chief had no
knowledge of the U-2. I was reporting directly to the Branch
Chief, Col. Hessenburg, and I believe it was Col. Hessenburg that
may have nominated me to work on the U-2.
Q: All right. So both in your early tour and in your
later tour, had you ever heard rumors that these people talk
about, about these little green men, things that you heard?
A: Oh, yes. I've heard rumors of little green men.
My wife, who was a secretary in the Equipment Branch before
I met her, she had heard that there is a building, a small
building at Patterson Field, where they had the little green men
in cold storage.
And that story has persisted, I think, to this
day. She believes it but again she has no direct knowledge.
I have no knowledge that a building with space aliens in
cold storage exists. I do know that the Balloon Branch launches
these balloons to high altitude, up in the 100,000 foot altitude
area and they had various equipment packages under them and they
could have, oh, an instrumentation box with various apparatuses
on it that to the uninformed individual might represent space
ship equipment.
An incident that I had that occurred here in Grants last
summer, it was in the early morning.
I got up during the summer
and I walked out on the back porch and I saw -- it was still dark
enough, you could see the morning star. It was bright up there.
And then south of the morning star there was an even brighter

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 1942, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
19
object and I looked at it and I kept watching it and it just
seemed to hang there but it did seem to be coming towards me a
little bit. It was not terribly long. I thought, well that
looks like a helium filled balloon. And I went in the house and
got a pair of binoculars and looked, and yes, in fact it was a
helium filled balloon. It was blowing from the east to west over
the Zuni mountains and I followed it until I could no longer see
it due to mountains getting in the way.
But at any point that balloon could have ruptured and I'm
sure that there were a lot of people that would have thought
unidentified flying object. But they are -- I think a lot of
people are tuned to thinking of UFOs.
Having had the experience with launching dummies from these
helium filled balloons, it didn't take me too long to identify
that it was a helium filled balloon. And again I confirmed it by
looking through the binoculars.
I could not -- it was not close
enough for me to see what the package was underneath but it did
have a package underneath.
And later on, I think the next day, there was a story that
came out in the Albuquerque Journal and it was some, I believe it
was some sort of a weather or meteorological test that was
ongoing and I don't know where the balloon was launched from but
it's possible for it to have been launched from Holloman Air
Force Base or from some place like that.
And this was considerably north of Roswell and Holloman Air
Force Base and it's very unusual. I've not seen another helium
filled balloon in our area but I did see it and so to some people
it might be a UFO but to me it was a helium filled balloon and
that was confirmed.
Q: People just don't want to believe that. I guess they
want to believe other things. But all the research we've done
and the data we have and the photographs all confirm that this
was more than likely parts of these projects that we just
discussed.
A: Yes.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 198, "chars": 1183, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MADSON - 6/20/95
20
Q:
So unless you have something else to add, I think that
will probably wrap it up.
A: I can't really add anything more. Without any specific
questions I can't add anything. I may have information in some
of my old files on trip reports that I've taken.
Again I have an Air Force Association directory and I would
strongly encourage you to talk to Harry Collins and Austin
Kibbler, both of who were listed as living in that -- they were
listed in the Air Force Association directory and I would like to
check that directory and give you the latest addresses that they
report. I got the directory within the last two or three years,
I believe.
So I would encourage you to talk to them because they were
some of the original test subjects on the Project High Dive and
they were on that, I think, before I transferred in to the Aero
Med Lab from the judo unit. And they might be able to shed
additional information. They might have been told about dummy
drops, equipment, and so forth. I don't know. But that's about
all I can add at this point unless you have other specific
questions.
Q: I think that's it. Okay. Thank you very much.
A: You're sure welcome.
(END)
