{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-17T18:29:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 16, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8509758, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989209.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e2e89480f595a39429eaaa9dd4e320eba17e2e62b9c4fd50a8463f133d7ddc4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 731, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATTACHMENT 3
1976/Iran/Visual-Radar-Physical Effects
The following is a memorandum prepared by Col. Frank B.
McKenzie, U.S. Air Force, [TRUE?] and released pursuant to a
Freedom of Information Act request. This memorandum describes
the 1976 jet chase of UFOs over Teheran, Iran.
As indicated
on its first page, this memorandum was written on September
22, 1976
days after
the incident -- and was circulated
to numerous agencies,
including the Secretary of State, the
White House, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and
the Secretary of Defense.
Because the photocopy is hard to read, only the first
page of the document is attached, followed by a reprint of
the document found
in L. Fawcett & B. Greenwood, Clear Intent
82-84 1983):

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 147, "chars": 1187, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
) T
DITY
MSGES8
3-2
: MACLASSIFIED
..•.
55091
....
DAFF
A8 ]3
5dri2s
(31
ACTION: A0N5-D
TETTIN PINKJCT411,L
Y SAARE
2308107 SFP 75
1 265
NED RIEHCISFESTATF WASH DC
UFRIIF/C I A •
1F0T2H/N94 BASH BE
IFADYU/LATTE HOUSF.W2SH DC
UFFHO&ICS4E BASH NC
ITAR HASH OC
TRIN NTNS-CCCE. - AIFFHOL-'
1230877 SFP 75
HUSDAN BFHRAN
TO RUFKACS/DIA WASHN C
PRFO RUFKUCS/SECDEF DEDSECOEF :UASHOC
TAFRRA AICOMINFASTEND
818
FCA/CINCU SAFE 1.INT SEY AS: GE /INCE
311
HAAR/CANCUSAE DANSTEIN AR GEINO CN
•AAA/EINAR VAIHTNGEN
•GER
PUTNAA A/HACINCFUR • VAIH INGEN GER /ECS- 2'
RT
CONFINENTJ&L 1235 SEPTE
TUIS IS I8 5 885 0139.76
1- 681 IRAN
7. REPARTEN ÜFO SIGHTING 8U1
36 118) NA •
. E 198 20 SE: 76
S0 lU1 TFHRAN •. IRAN: 70 SED.76•
60 8888 F-5
15. 6111
R8R BONR BROTE RO COMMENTSI
8- 811) 8 886 0139.78
9. (4) 725FP 76
ІЛ=
(".) Nu
11%
!UI :TNIT IATO
LIPSP 7T-1840
17%
BUD RASDAO • TEHER• IRAN
13-
BU) FRANS RO MÇKENZTE•. COL• USAF • :DA•T
18:
15-
DO THIS REPORT FORUARDS INFORMA TION CON ERNING :THE
TIGHTING OF :AN SIFO IN • IRAN AN :19 SFTEHRER 1.976-°
• AT ARNUT 1230 AM ON 19 FFP.76 THF!
RECF.IV F
FOLID' TELEPHONE •CATLS
F M CITMENS LIVING IR THF SHEMIREN ÅRFA GE TEHRAN :SAYING
DRIRPITY
UNGIASSIFRR-
-...

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 816, "chars": 4852, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-3
This report forwards information concerning the sighting of a UFO in Iran
on 19 September 1976.
A. At about 1230 A.M. on 19 Sep. 76 the (deleted) received four telephone
calls from citizens living in the Shemiran area of Tehran saying that they
had seen strange objects in the sky. Some reported a kind of bird-like
object while others reported a helicopter with a light on. There were no
helicopters airborne at that time.
After he told the citizens it was onty stars and had talked to Mehrabad
Tower, he decided to look for himself. He noticed an object in the sky
similar to a star bigger and brighter. He decided to scramble an F-4 from
Shahrokhi AFB to investigate.
8. At 0130 hrs on the 19th the F-4 took off and proceeded to a point
about 40 NM north of Tehran. Due to its brilliance, the object was easily
visible from 70 miles away. As the F-4 approached a range of 25 NM, he
lost all instrumentation and communications (UHF and intercom). He broke
off the intercept and headed back to Shahrokhi. When the F4 turned away
from the object and apparently was no longer a threat to it, the aircraft
regained all instrumentation and communications. At 0140 hrs a second
F-4 was launched. The backseater acquired a radar lock on at 27 NM 12
o'clock high position with the VC (rate of closure) at 150 MPH. As the
range decreased to 25 NM the object moved away at a speed that was
visible on the radar scope and stayed at 25 NM.
C. The size of the radar return was comparable to that of a 707 tanker.
The visual size of the object was difficult to discern because of its intense
brilliance. The light that it gave off was that of flashing strobe lights arranged
in a rectangular patter and alterating blue, green, red, and orange in
color. The sequence of the lights was so fast that all the colors could be
seen at once. The object and the pursuing F-4 continued on & course to
the south of Tehran when another brightly lighted object, estimated to be
one-half to one-third the apparent size of the moon, came out of the original
object. This second object headed straight toward the F-4 at a very fast
rate of speed. The pilot attempted to fire an AIM-9 missile at the object
- but at that instant his weapons control panel went off and he lost all commu-
nications (UHF and interphone). At this point the pilot initiated a turn and
negative G dive to get away. As he tumed the object fell in trail at what
appeared to be about 3-4 NM. As he continued in his tum away from
the primary object the second object went to the inside of his tum then
returned to the primary object for a perfect rejoin.
D. Shortly after the second object joined up with the primary object another
obiect appeared to come out of the other side of the primary object going
straight down at a great rate of speed. The F-4 crew had regained communi-
cations and the weapons control panel and watched the object approach
the ground anticipating a large explosion. This object appeared to come
to rest gently on the earth and cast a very bright light over an area of
about 2-3 kilometers. The crew descended from their altitude of 25,000
to 15,000 and continued to observe and mark the object's position. They
had some difficulty in adjusting their night visibility for landing, so after
orbiting Mehrabad a few times they went out for a straight in landing. There
was a lot of interference on the UHF and each time they passed through
a mag. bearing of 150 degrees from Mehrabad they lost their communica-
tions (UHF and interphone) and the INS fluctuated from 30 degrees to
50 degrees. The one civil airliner that was approaching Mehrabad during
this same time experienced communications failure in the same vicinity
(Kilo Zulu) but did not report seeing anything. While the F-4 was on a
long final approach the crew noticed another cylinder-shaped object (about
the size of a T-bird at 10M) with bright steady lights on each end and a
flasher in the middle. When queried the tower stated there was no other
known traffic in the area. During the time that the object passed over the
F-4 the tower did not have a visual on it but picked it up after the pilot
told them to look between the mountains and the refinery.
E. During daylight the F-4 crew was taken out to the area in a helicopter
where the object apparently had landed. Nothing was noticed at the spot
where they thought the object landed (a dry lake bed) but as they circled
off to the west of the area they picked up a very noticeable beeper signal
At the point where the return was the loudest was a small house with a
garden. They landed and asked the people within if they had noticed any-
thing strange last night. The people talked about a loud noise and a very
bright light like lightning. The aircraft and area where the object is believed
More information will be forwarded when it becomes available.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1324, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-4
The following is quoted from a form attached
to the
document just quoted, and released by the Defense Intelligence
Agency, [TRUE?] concerning the 1976 Iran sighting.
This
form is reprinted in Clear Intent, supra, page 84.
The
form,
entitled "Defense Information Report Evaluation",
evaluates
the guality of the information contained in the
document•
The form indicated in checked boxes that the reliability
of information was "Confirmed by other sources, " that the
value of information was "High (Unique, Timely, and of Major
Significance), " and that the utility of information was
"Potentially Useful. " The form added in the "Remarks" section:
An outstanding report. This case is a classic which meets all the criteria
necessary for a valid study of the UFO phenomenon:
a) The object was seen by multiple witnesses from different locations (i.e.,
Shamiran, Mehrabad, and the dry lake bed) and viewpoints (both airborne
and from the ground).
qualified aircrews, and experienced tower operators).
c) Visual sightings were confirmed by radar.
d) Similar electromagnetic effects (EME) were reported by three separate
aircraft.
e) There were physiological effects on some crew members (i.e., loss of
rught vision due to the brightness of the object).
1) An inordinate amount of maneuverability was displayed by the UFOs.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2351, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-5
The October 1, 1976 issue of the Iran Times, published
in Washington, D.C. published what purported to be a first-
hand account
from one of the pilots, based on a tape of the
actual pursuit. The article, reprinted in part in Clear Intent,
85, states:
The tape of Imperial Air Force Lt. Jatan's reports to the control tower at
Mehrabad airport was made available.
The 23-year-old pilot told controllers that the UFO had doubled back on
its pursuers, and he was in danger of being forced down.
Jafari was piloting the first of two jet fighters which took off from Shahrokhi
Air Base in Hamadan to investigate the object.
The aircraft flew toward Tehran at over the speed of sound, and the pilot
contacted Mehrabad control after he had made contact with the UFO.
He said on seeing him coming, the UFO increased its speed.
"It was half the size of the moon as seen from earth," he said. "It was
radiating violet. orange, and white light about three times as strong as
moonlight."
Although the pilot was flying at maximum speed, he could not catch the
UFO up.
The control tower told the pilot to return to base if he was not able to
get near. The pilot agreed to do so, but a moment later radioed, "Something
is coming at me from behind. It is 15 miles away... now 10 miles...
now 5 miles."
"It is level now, I think it is going to crash into me. It has just passed by,
missing me narrowiy...
The disturbed voice of the pilot was clear on the tape. He then asked to
be guided back to base.
It was at this time that a second plane was ordered to take off. Flying
over Shahre Rey, the pilot reported having seen the UFO and told the
control tower that it had reduced speed
The pilot said the plane was working well and he was preparing to fire
missiles at the UFO. After a moment's silence he said he had seen a
"bright round object, with a circumference of about 4.5 meters, leave the
UFO." A fow seconds later the bright object joined the mother craft and
it flew away at many times the speed of sound.
The authenticity of the object, however, already confirmed by several control
tower officials at Mehrabad and the two pilots, was further backed up Sunday
eight by eyewitness reports from the area. People in the vicinity reported
ving seen a "bright body" flit across the sky while others claimed to
a seen "some bright thing" falling from the sky.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*
3-6
+
Transcript of a conversation between Johr. Cathcart (reporter)
and Lt. Gen. Azarbarzin, deputy conmander-in-chief of operation of the
Imperial Iranian Air Force; headquarters in Tehran, Iran
Date: Jan 4, 1977
Q: The story we have indicates that two jets were scrambled after a UFO---
is that trae?
A. That is true. They both were scrambled and they locked on the target but they
received a very strong jarming. And then they lost almost every avionics
system they had on the airplane.
Q. Is it true that they were unable to fire their missile?
A.
No, they could not because they had very strong jamming.
2. Jarming. ..some jarming you obviously couldn't find a reason for?
A.
No, we couldn't because that happened to three different airplanes.
We had two fighters...that happened to both of them...and one airliner which
was flying in the area at the same time.
2.
Right. The equipment on the airliner was also jammed?
A.
Well, yes, it was jammed. Of course they only had radio.
2.
Was the order given to the fighters to shoot and...
A.
No, no.
We have not given that instruction. We asked the pilot...he
said • I have everything locked on, but when I reached the firing range
the whole system want out. ' That means the fire control, radio, navaid (?),
even thei interphone...the intercom.
On the airplane?
A. Yes.
2. But
where you say the firing mechanism was jarmed the.....
A. It was in the range of 15 to 20 miles....
2. Right. But the firing equipment that would have fired the missile was jammed?
A. Yes, it was jammed.
Q. But the order was not given to fire?
A. No, it was not given.
Q. If the system hadn't been jammed, might the order have beer. given to fire the
missiles?
A. No, no, no. Why? Why should we? You do that in the States?
2. No...
A. It was harmless. No reason to shoot at them . We wanted to get as close as we could.
l. Bave you come up with any information as to what the UFOs were?
A. Uh, well, of course we pass all the information to the u.S. Air Force, but
no, we don't know yet.
Q. But as far al you're concerned they are still unidentified flying objects?
A. It was waidentified, definitely it was. Because we had six witnesses.
2. Yes, we bad some comments from the men in the control tower.
A. Well, in addition to the control tower we had four crews that they have reported
and of course one of the general officers.
2. When you say four crews, Sir, what do you mean by four crews?
A. Well, there were two f-4's. Iwo Phantoms ard each one of them had two crews
(crewmen) .
Q. So you had four "crews" all together.
A. Yes.
2. And these crews have reported the object as the same as reported by the
people on the ground?
+ This is a copy of Cathcart's transcript, with very minor editing to clarify
"typos " and condense the transcript
fron double to single space.
Sentence construction and "poor English" have beer retained as in the original.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3178, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3 - 7
Azarbarzir • P9
2
A. Yes.
2. Are you planning to take any further action?
A. No, no....we do not but we have...all we have done we have given all the
information....oi course that was the request from the U.S. We have given
all this information to our MAG (?) *I think they send it to the organization
in the States and... we haven't done anything since that time.
O. You mean you passed the information to the United States Air Force?
A. Yes.
Q. They requested it, did they?
A. Well, actually, they have this procedure if we have some information on UFO
we're just exchanging all this information and we did it.
2. Right. As far as you are concerned, Sir, this incident is extremely
strange and
unexplainable, is it?
A. It is. I can say it is because we found out, this technology they were using
for jamming was something we haven't had before and we don't have it. It
doesn't
exist because it was a very wide band and this jammer could jara
different bands, different frequencies at the same time. It's very unusual.
2. Have you seen reports or spoken to the crews involved yourself?
A. Ahhh...I have interview with them and I have talked with then.
2. And you obviously believe what they say because they are experienced pilots?
A. Yes. Yes, we could believe them. There is no doubt. There is no doubt.
Q. Apparently at one period the UFOs went out as far as the Afghan border?
-
A. Uh...where?
2. Apparently one of the fighter planes had to follow the UFO almost to the
Afghanistan border?
A. No, no, no, we didn't. This was only in the vicinity of Tehran. And it went
to westbound instead of east. Afghanistan is on the east.
Q. Do you know what heights the pilots went up to?
A. That I don't have all the details.
2. We understand he was about 50,000 feet....is that seen reasonable?
A. That might be but I can't say definitely. But according to the pilots' report
they
said they were about 30...35,000 feet high. Since they were 20,000
feet high (?) that might be 45,000 feet.
Q. But as far as you were concerned, we had
one report there was an order
went out to fire the missiles but you say in fact that wasn't true?
A. Oh, no. Why should we?
Q. They were pesing no danger to anybody?
A. No, why should they? And actually since it was unknown we just wanted to
identify it, so we-did.
2. But so far
you haven't been able to idneify these UFOs and as far
as you 'ie concerned they go down as unexplainable?
A. No, thales true. But I think if you get the report from our military attache,
it wour give you nore information and more detail. So we're trying to send
this inforsation to (military attache)....
Q. This is an extremely interesting story, General. It's one of the most bizarre...
A. I think so. This was the first time actually we had. ...we were trying to
intercept that....
0. What were you hoping the planes would be able to do when they went up?
A. Well, we just wanted to see....we didn't know if it was a UFO at the beginning.
But then
later on we just wanted to get as close as we could to get more
information.
2.
But no intention to destroy the UFO?
A. No, no.
should be MAAG: Military Assistance and Advisory Group (made up of
US AF
officers)

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3036, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-8
Azarbarzin, pg 3
Q. Were you a skeptic yourself before now....has your attitude changed somewhat
to these objects or is it just a daily occurarce to you?
A. I don't understand you.
2. What I'm saying is, you know, obviously as a general were you previously
skeptical about the reports of UFOs and strange venicles, are you now,
have you changed you mind somewhat?
A. No, we haven't changed our mind yet. But we know there is something and we have
seen even the shape because according to tre report from one of our
pilots who was almost crossing under the UFO he explained the shape of the
cockpit and the kind of lighting and all these things.
Q. Apparently the shape and the objects were nothing like any airplane
known to us anywhere?
A. No. It was quite circled and just like a saucer, and the shafighting
cockpit was a
ball.. half a ball, ard then the
color of the
the cockpit was differentwith what it had on the outside. It was,
Q. Nothing like any vehicle we have up in the sky?
A. No, no, no. Not at all.
Eclose to yellow.
Q. I'm understand that at times the UFOs were extremely more fast, had more
speed than the
Phantoms themselves?
A. Oh, yeah. We were estimating 3 Mach.
2. 3 Machs? How fast is the Phantom capable of?
A. Well, it depends upon the targets...
2. But certainly not 3 Mach..
A. ..•and the configurations...
2.
•••certainly not 3 Mach, though?
A. No, no it's not. But it's ...the way we saw it it could go faster. It could
go faster. This is what we estimated and calculated.
2. Eave you spoken to any of the people on the control tower?
senior officers in the air force, they have reported they have seen the object.
9. But as far as you're concerned, you're conducting no further investigation?
A. NO.
2. After having chased these objects with your jets , General, do you now intend to
keep any special watch on them, jets on alert for this sort of thing or...
A. Well, we don't know if we saw it again we might try.
2. I mean, try to find out much more about these objects or...
A. We want to get as much information as we could.
2. But were you unable to gather much information this time other than the shape,
speed, etc.?
A. Well, this is all we got this time. And what I can add actually was very fast
acceleration, especially when going from zero speed maybe to Mach 3.
Pretty fast. And this is something you don't fird in any other flying object...
2. There me also one report of a very bright object apparently falling from one
of the to into some of the hills below Tehran there and there had been
a search by the gendarmerie. Was there any truth to that or was anything
" found?
A. Well, that I cannot answer at the moment because I don't have the file.
I'd have to look in the file • So, these are the things we're sending to
our military attache....I don't have that information on here right now.
2. But if something had been found i presumably you would know about it?
A. Well, we have mentioned somthing in that report. But we haven't found
anything.
2. You haven't found anything?
A. No.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 661, "chars": 4060, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-9
INTERVIEWS OF HOSSAIN PERCUZI, AIR TEAFFIC CONTROLLER
( Combined interviews of Hossain Pirouzi by two reporters. On the left
is information obtained by an Iranian reporter (Petrozian) on Dec. 22, 1976.
On the right is information obtained by a British reporter Checkles on
0 abaut Ja 25, 1977. Supplementary information was supplied by the
reporters to form useable stories for print. The interview/stories are being
presented in parallel to facilitate comparison of the accounts given by the
same person at different times to different people. Quoted statements are presented
in full. Some of the supplementary material has been deleted or shortened.
Unfortunately the interview material was not supplied in a question and answer form.
Therefore the reader must assume that some modifications of the information were made
to make this material read smoothly, in a manner suitable for tabloid publication.)
-PETROZIAN-
- CHECKLE Y.
Time: 10:30 P.M., Sept. 18, 1976. In the
Tehran Airport is one of the busiest.
northern part of Tehran an object was hov- It handles 800 or more civil takeoffs and
ering 1000 feet above the ground. It didn't landings a day, many overflights, and also
military flights.
Control tower of the Mehrabad Airpott:
night shift supervisor (Pirouzi) was not
aware of anything unusual. The radar was
blank, since it was under repair.
A woman called and excitedly described a
strange airborne object above her house.
Perouzi ( 35 years old; controller for 13
years) asked her to describe it:
"It's kind of difficult" she said , "but
the closest thing it looks like is a fan
with four blades. Actually I think there
are two different objects. Sometimes there
is just one of them and then it seems to
separate and become two. Could you tell me
what it is?" •
Perouzi told the lady not to worry:.
he would check. But he didn't. He wasn't
interested.
*About 10:45 another woman called to report
a strange object in the sky. By 11:15
or so there had been two more such calls.
All the addresses of the callers were in
the same part of the city (hortbeastern
part.)
"By the fourth call I was worried. I took
my binoculars and vant to the terrace area
next to the tow. " Ile bad no difficulty
finding the object.
"Suddenly I saw it. It was rectangular in
shape, probably seven to eight meters long
and about two meters wide. From later ab-
servations I made, I would say it was prob-
ab!! Cylindrical. The two ends were pulsat-
ing with a whitish blue color. Around the
mid-section of the cylinder there was this
"I was on duty from 10 P.M. (Sept 18) to
7:00 A.M. A lady called on the telephone
and said, ' I see a strange object, like
a sun in the sky, about 1000 meters above me.
The colors change through orange, red and
yellow. '"
"I told her we didn't have any aircraft in
that area. Our radar was not working, but it
was out of operation br 24 hours maintenance,
so we had nothing on radar either. I told the
lady that I would see if anything was in the
area and would she please call me again if
she saw anything special. I did nothing about
it then because I was busy with overflying
aircraft and I thought, frankly, that she had
•been seeing a star. I didn't believe there was
anyting there • We had no radio contact or
anything in the area. After 10 minutes
another lady called. I asked her where her
house was, and she told me the general area
was in the northeast of Tehran, the same as
the first person, and she said 'I was
walking on the roof of my house with my
child and suddenly saw, and I am still
seeing now, a strange object, lighting up
and changing direction and sometimes dividing
into two and joining together again. I; began
to think, I began to wonder what was*
It was now 11 P.M., about 10 minutes after
the lady first called. She said'I can still
see it and I am sure it is not a star, and it
is definitely something
not an aircraft. It
looks like the gun. " *
"I had three trainees on duty with me and
asked them if they could see anything.
They
couldn't. Then came a third call, this time
*happening over there."

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 673, "chars": 3905, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-10
Perouzi interviews, page 2
small red light that kept going around in
a circle. It reminded me of the flashing
light of
an ambulance, but this one was not
flashing. The circular motion of the red
light was
not continuous. Every 90 degrees
or so it it paused just for a fraction of
a second. I would say it took about a
second or two to make a full circle."
Perouzi could see that the object oscil-
lated like a see-saw with the two ends
describing 20 degree arcs.
"I was amazed. Flabbergasted. I didn't
know what to think. There definitely was
a very strange object there in the sky
right over Tehran. I could see the
details I've described only through the
binoculars. To the naked eye • from the
distance I was at, it looked like a very •
large star low in the sky, but without
the twinkle, of course. I watched it in
this position for a total of perhaps five
minutes. And then it disappeared. I
swept the sky with my binoculars until
I located an object about two miles
further south. I'm sure it was the same
object but this time it looked different.
It was a circle of blue color.. •probably
six meters in diameter. I was able to
observe it for about three minutes
before it too disappeared. But this time
It was easy to locate. It
was only
slightly further south and a little
higher. Once again it was a different
shape. It looked like a fan with
sometimes three, sometimes four drooping
and tapered blades. The blade sections
were not clearly outlined. They were fuzzy.
There were dark orange near the hub,
gradually dissoling to yellow at the tips.
The hub itself use made up of two
concentric areas of color. There seemed
to be a large green surface, and then a
smaller core which glowed like a piece
of red hot coal."
Perouzi's colleagues came out on the
terrace and looked . all but one agreed
on the general shapes described. One
said it looked like an orange-red horse-
shoe with the space in between a blue
color.
from a man also living in northeast
Tehran , and he said 'I'm sure I'm seeing
an object that is not an aircraft. What is
it?'
This is five minutes later. I was
busy for another 10 minutes with traffic.
Then one of the trainees
got another
telephone call which said, almost like the
others, that her husband had seen the
'We don't know what it is. Can
you teil us whether it is an aircraft or not?'
(BSM note: time now about 11:15 P.M.)
"I reassured her' You can be sure it is
nothing coming against you, but I will report
it. Call me again if you see anything'. Then
I really wondered what was going on. We
had four callers, all from the same area,
and they were worried about what was happening
so I went out onto the terrace with my
binoculars. First I focussed then carefully
on the tail of an aircraft parked on the
ground, so I could read the registration
letters. WhenI was sure there were focased
properly I then changed them to look
towards the area of northeast Tehran very
carefully."
"After about five minutes I saw the object,
a rectangular shape about five miles away
at a height of about 6000 feet and north-
east of my tower. The right end was blue ,
the left end was blue, and in the middle was
a Ilashing red light. The object was seesawing
up and down and moving toward the north
very very slowly. Suddenly, it appeared
at another position one mile further on.
In other words, it was travelling slowly
north, then momentarily disappearing,
then suddenly reappearing one wile further on,
just a few seconds later."
"Just a few seconds later, one mile from
where it had been. I could see it this time
as bright as a sun. It was all yellow, like
a star, but much bigger. Then it appeared
to
me to be like a starfish."
" I can't be sure of the order of the colors
but there were blue, orange, red and yellow
lights. I gave the binoculars to one of
the others on duty and they saw the object as
a half-circle, in the same colors, blue
orange, red, and yellow.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 3850, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-11
Perouzi interviews , page 3
Perouzi did not arge with the other des-
criptions. He saw the object change shape
"We had no aircraft expected to land
so often, no single description would
suf-
although around this time several aircraft
fice. Initially it was a "cylinder" with a
were due to cross into our flight informatio
blue base and top, then a blue disc about
area
They started to report
siz meters in diameter, then a fan-like object,by radio that they could hear emergency
and later on a "cylinder" on its side with
signals coming from an automatic aircraft
the top left corner curved instead of
distress transmitter. The first report in
angled.
was a BOAC, who called and said " Do you
have any crashed aircraft in your area? We
while stationary the UFo rhythmically
are receiving an automatic signal on 121.12
glowed, oscillated and emitted lights that
megacycles. ' We said we had no crashed
rotated around it. Every few minutes it would
aircraft of missing in the area, nor had we
change positions, seemingly disappearing from
any that had made a forced landing."
the observers at the control tower, and almost
"Then a Swissair, a Lufthansa, and ar
instantaneously reappearing at another spot
Iran Airlines plane all reported hearing
ir the sky, miles away.
the emergency signal. I decided to report
the whole thing to the Air Force because,
It was past midnight and Peróuzi called
by now, I was really getting worried."
the Air Force. He told one of the deputy
commanders, a general, about the object he .
"At 0030 local time (12:30 A.M.) I
and his colleagues had seen and about its
reported to the Air Force. I told then I
strange behaviour. The general told him to
was sure that all the aircraft in our area
hang on the line while he went up to the roof
had either landed or wereoverflying safely.
of his north Tehran house to have a look
And I told them' I can see this UFO to
himself. When back on the line he said
the northeast of us at 6000 feet, and it
'Yes, I confirm it. There is something there." is changing positions and its color is
changing. I am sure it is not a star or
an aircraft! I told them we didn't have
in F-4 Phantom jet was scrambled from
anything on radar because our radar was
Shahroki airtase gouth of Tehran around
inoperative, but visually I could see the
1:00 .M. In 15 minutes it was over the
object. It was my duty to report to them
Mehrabad Airport in west Tehran.
what I have seen and I asked them ' What
"O.K., what can I do for you?" said the
is your decision?' "
pilot.
"The officer on duty called (Brig.)
Through Perouzi the General gave orders
General Youssefi, who was the senior
to the pilot to head 10 o'clock"and
investigate an unidentified object flying
officer responsible on duty, and_the general
himself called me.
at 12,000 feet. The pilot reported "yes
He went out onto the porch of his house
I can see it. Are you sure you don't have
and on the telephone he said to me 'Yes,
an aircraft there?"
Perouzi
"said there was no airport radar
I see can see something. It isn't a star."
and that
there was no question of the
So he ordered one of the Phantom jets on
standby at Hamadon, 200 miles away, to
object being an ordinary aircraft. But the
scramble (note: Shahroki Air Base is near
pilot could now see the abject on bis own
Hamadon). This was about 10 minutes
radar screen.
flight time away . One took off and
"I ordered the pilot to approach the object
arrived over Tehran at 0100(1:00 A.M.)
and recognize it, but not to take any
and came under my control. The pilot
action.";
reported he was over Tehran and I gave
him radio instructions. At this time the
*Note: prasumably this means for the
object was at about 15,000 feet."
pilot to turn 60° to his left.
" I was getting instructions from Gen.
Youssefi and passing them on to the pilot
on radio. I told him to go higher, and he

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3079, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-12
Perouzi interviews, page 4
"But when the pilot got to within about
15 miles of the UrO his communication
system and some of the elitronic equipment
went out of action. Then, with the plane
still on course, the object suddenly
disappeared. When the pilot had his radar
operating again the UFO was now 50 miles
away. "
The jet followed the UFO toward the
Afghanistan border, but could get
no closer than 50 miles, although flying
at twice the speed of sound. The pilot
was afraid of overflying the border so
he turned back toward Tehran. While he
was still 170 miles from Tehran the
UFO appeared over the city again, over the
suburb of Rey in the southeast of
Tehran. Sometime during this period the
pilot was ordered to shoot down the
the UFO with a missile, but when he got
within firing range he could not
activate the firing system. Running short
of fuel the pilot radiod for another jet.
The two jets communicated by radio, and
the second Phantom took over the chase.
The following account is based on what
the second pilot told Perouzi
after it was all over:
(continued on the next page
Sfor comparison with the right
hand column)
saiá 'Yes, yes, I can see it. Are you
sure it is not an aircraft? What is the
order? ¡That can I do if I reach it?' "
"I cola him " Get close, describe its
shape and do no more. ' On
the radio he
replied ' Okay, I will follow.' A few
minutes later he reported passing the
speed of Mach 2 and radioed 'I'm going
Mach 2 and I'm 50 miles behind the object.
I can't catch him. Its no use to follow
any more. I can't catch hin.'"
"He described the object as rectangular
shaped, more like a star. The object was
going faster than Mach 2 and I, at this
time, was in contact with the pilot on
UHF radio. I ordered him to return towards
the Tehran base. He turned back. By this
time he was heading toward the border with
Afganistan. When he was about 150 miles
away, still coming back toward me, the
object suddenly appeared over Tehran: It
had beaten him back and was now ahead of
the Phantom jet fighter. The pilot radioed,
•I can see the object ahead of ie, the same
shape as before'.
"At this time the pilot was about 14
miles away from the tower, and reported
that every time he came close to the
object it affected his radio and all
his instruments. He radioed me, ' My
navigation aids are not working', and he
asked What was that emergency call?'
I told him that four planes had already
heard the emergency call, and he said ,
"Yes, I am getting some emergency signals
noW.""
"But every time he got close to the object
his navigation aids went out, his radio
went dead, but his engines were working
normally, the lights on the instrument
panel were working, all his navigation
aids were out, and, at one point as he
was talking to me, his radio went dead
ompletely as he got close to the object."
"I ordered him to close again and said,
'Maybe you can recognize him better,'
SO
he came within 20 miles of the object
again, and this time he lost all his
navigation aids again. this involved all the
electronic equipment aboard the aircraft."

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 3625, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-13
Perouzi interviews, page 5
(continued from previous page)
"When I first went towards it, it
suddenly shifted to the right. As I
changed course it kept shifting posit-
ions.
We went around like this for a
full 70 degrees. It was obvious to me
that this thing was very very powerful
and could do anything. When it was
obvious to it that I meant to con-
tinue following, the UFO ejected a
luminous object at me. That's when
I headed straight back for Mehrabad
Airport."
From the control tower Perouzi and
Ene others saw the bright object
detaching itself from the larger
bright object ("mother UFO") and
approachiny the Phantom. To Perouzi
it appeared to be three times the
size of the full moon. On the radio
the pilot was saying : "I'= coming
back. It's about 20 miles behind.
*It's following me. Oh! Now..."
And the radio went dead. sa
As the plane went "screaning" over
the control tower Pouzi and the
others say they saw a dark rectangular
form almost sitting on top of the
jeet. That was when radio communication
with the pilot lind been cut off in
sid-sentence. Mien the plane was over
Saveh, some distance south of Tehran,
communications vere restored. .
The pilot reported "It overtook
me and my radio went dead. I couldn't
even communicate with my copilot."
A little later the pilot reported
"They're back together again. They're
hovering next to each other, almost like it was too dangerous to go any closer and
talking with each other. Now they've
decided he would come in to land. He also
reunited."
"Finally he said he would have to come to base
because his navigation aids were gone and his
fuel was running short. When he turned for
base the object was about 15 miles from me and
at about 12,000 feet. By now a second jet had
been scrambled by the Air Force and the pilot
called the seconá plane on the radio and said,
'You go back to base...I'1l follow the object.'"
"I told the first pilot, 'Ask him, can you
see the object?' The second pilot, who was still
100 miles away, said "Yes, I can see the object.'
This was visual."
"The second plane then got within 25-30 miles
of the object and reported, suddenly, 'I've
lost all my navigation aids. My needles are
fluctuating. I cannot get near the object.
I can't get close because I've lost every aid
I've got.
What can I do?'"
"General Youssefi ordered him to remain over
Tehran, orbiting at 15,000 feet. At this time
the object was below him. The general could hear
all our radio conversations and I was passing
on his orders. Then the second pilot reported
'I can see his lights. He keeps ehanging his
position very fast indeed. I cannot follow the
path of the object. I can see his position but
I cannot follow his track. Be appears here,
suddenly he appears there, and I can't track
bin. '
*We
could all see the object with the naked
eye.".
"This pilot decided to come back to land, but
when the object was about 10 miles away, he
radioed • It has divided into two and an
illuminated object has separated and is following
me.' "He reported on the radio, ' It keeps
coming towards ne.' He swung the jet around in a
tight turn and the light followed him, and
as they swept over the tower at Tehran the
light which was chasing him by now was 500 feet
above and just behind him. I saw this light
for the first time, though only for a few seconds
Then the pilot reported that the light had come
back and was stopped only one or two meters
from the main object , and he reported, 'They
now appear to be discussing together.'
"This was 15 miles from the control tower.
Then the pilot radioed, 'Now they have joined
together.'
"The Phanton jet pilot (thought)

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3238, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-14
Perouzi interviews, page 6
Perouzi said that from the ground
the
reported that every time he got close his
second luminous object had been visible
navigation and all his electronic systems
only when it was separated from the
went crazy. Then he radioed, 'Oh! The
original object and in the initial stages
illuinated object has separated again
of the chase. Thereafter he was able to
and is coming toward the ground. Now he is
notice only the dark, 2 x 2 meter,
settling on
the ground. Can you see him?'"
rectangular form above the passing Phantom.
"I couldn't see him because we didn't
The Phantom climbed to 50,000 feet and
have enough height fron the tower, but the
again approached the UFO. Then he changed
pilo: radioed that the object had settled
his mind and radioed , "It's too dangerous.
on the ground southeast of Tehran near
I'm returning."
a place called Rey, and he radioed, 'The
While descending he radioed "The luminous
main object is orbiting slowly over the
object is separating again...it's descending.
illuminated object on the ground. It is
It has landed by the refinery ( the oil
so bright I can see stones on the ground.
refinery near the suburb of Rey). It has
It is like daytime.'"
such a strong light I can see almost
"The pilot did not try to fire on it, but
everything on the ground for
their navigation systems went out of
two miles around."
action every time they got close. There
Perouzi and the others also saw the
was strong interference on the radio
descent from the tower. But the
and they heard these emergency signals
buildings hid the landing spot from view.
which were false. They couldn't get
They could see a glow in the sky near the
locked onto the object at all. Their radar
refinery.
was not working when they got close,
He gave a quick briefing to the general
• even though all indications were aboard the
who was still on the phone. The general
aircraft that their radar was working.
ordered the pilot to go to 6000 feet, midway
The screens Just went blank. The distance
between the object on the ground and the
was 15 to 20 miles, where his navigation
"other" object above. But again, when the
aids failed. The second pilot reported that
pilot got within 15 miles of the UFO he
sometimes
It was ten miles and sometimes
lost all his navigational aids. This second
as mich as
35 miles away from the UFO
pilot was also ordered to try to shoot down thewhen his systems went haywire."
UFo, but he also could not activate his firing
"Both pilots said when they landed that
system. Since he was running short of fuel
it seemed as though the object could
he was ordered to return to base. The time
appear or disappear just as they liked, and
* now was close to 4:00 A.M. The light on the
could judge in advance what they were going
ground was no longer visible, and the
to do. One told me,
It was as though they
sky was clear of all flying objects except
could read my mind.'"
the original ufo. It climbed upward and
"One pilot told me, 'It was as if the
eventually disappeared from view.
object was very wise and didn't want to
hurt me. When I got close, it went
away and moved about as if telling me.
'Go away, don't bother me.'-
The UFO finally disappeared shortly after
4:00 A.M. Local time.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1195, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-15
In response to a Freedom of Information Act request,
the National Security Agency provided a copy of an article
written by a Captain Henry Shields in a military periodical
called the MIJI Quarterly.
The MIJI Yuarterly is published
by the Headquarters Electronic Security Command at San Antonio,
Texas, and
contains narrative summaries ot all
"intrusion,"
"Jamming incidents"
"Now You See It, Now You Don't", was
quarter of 1978
issue (then-classified "Secret"). and set out
a three-page summary of the Iranian incident.
article may be considered
an endorsement for the
unidentitied nature of the sighting. The lead-in to the
article, quoted in Clear Intent, at 86, states:
Sometime in his career, each pilot can expect
to encounter strange, unusual happenings which will
never be adequately or entirely explained by logic
or subsequent
investigation.
The following article
recounts just such an episode as reported by two F-4
Phantom crews of the Imperial Iranian Air Force
during late 1976.
No additional intormation or
explanation
ot the strange events has been forthcoming;
the story will be filed away and probably forgotten,
but it makes interesting, and possibly disturbing,
reading.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 234, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 16, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
DON BERLINER
1202 5. WASHINGTON ST.
ALEXANDRIA, VA 22314
0000
U.S
POSTAGP
HLEXHNDRT H. VA
21.329
NOV
AMOUN1 94
SU./5
100483
4-05
IST LT JIM MeANDREW
AF)HO (LT. Mc ANDREN)
170 LURE BLVD.
SUITE 400
BOLLING AFB, DC 20332-5113
FRST CLASS
