{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T00:02:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5488520, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989203.pdf", "source_sha256": "ba450f9fa73f68cf0d60c1313fc8f96865e42e3a50924bf7f0ab70701bba64da"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 1081, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IUR
International UFO Reporter
September/October 1994
Volume 19, Number 5
AN EXTRAORDINARY ENCOUNTER
IN THE DANDENONG FOOTHILLS
"The creature was black-but not the
color black. It was as if someone had cut a hole
in matter where he stood or as if he himself
was a hole in space."
15 Dia.- 008 thicK polyethylene
Balloon. H.A. Smith Ine. with reinforced
blowout patches to vent gas when
hred by
B/S.
Baro-Switch set to deflate large
Balloon should train descend to 10,000°.
6 Bach.- General Mills Balloons, 200 cuft
001 polyethy lene.
"The Third Dreaming."
Based on
sketch by
witness.
50'
Payload in picture-frame mounting.
FIG.44
2 aa._ Underinflated metro Balloons
for Stadia measurements, 240' from
center of small balloon to center
GM Radiosonde with 20' end
of 15 balloon.
Antenna Black battery box
wrapped in polyethylene
Lower ballast Reservoir contains
3000g~ ballast
power to have been actuated
with contact on radiosonde
NYU BALLOON PROJECT
FLIGHT IA
Dare 7-7-47 ED-48-41
Project Mogul balloon train launched from Alamogordo,
July 7, 1947.
THE AIR FORCE
REPORT ON
ROSWELL

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1875, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERNATIONAL
UFO
REPORTER
Editor:
Jerome Clark
Associate Editor:
George M. Eberhart
Contributing Editors:
Bill Chalker
Richard F. Haines
Richard Hall
Kevin D. Randle
Jenny Randles
Mark Rodeghier
Chris Rutkowski
Donald R. Schmitt
Jennie Zeidman
з Ala Кров
THE AIR FORCE REPORT ON ROSWELL: AN ABSENCE OF EVIDENCE
by Mark Rodeghier and Mark Chesney
AN EXTRAORDINARY ENCOUNTER IN THE DANDENONG FOOTHILLS by Bill Chalker..
EPISTEMOLOGICAL TOTALITARIANISM: THE SKEPTICAL CASE AGAINST ABDUCTIONS by Thomas E. Bullard.
SOME WHIMSICAL-AND SERIOUS-REFLECTIONS ON ABDUCTIONS by Richard Hall
4
17
International UFO Reporter (ISSN 0720-174X) is published
bimonthly by the J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies, 2457
West Peterson Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60659. All nghts
reserved. Reproduction without permission is strictly prohib-
ited. Copyright © 1994 by the J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO
Studies. Third-class postage paid at Glenview, Illinois.
Advertisements accepted for publication in this magazine
do not necessarily reflect the viewpoints of the J. Allen Hynek
Address all article submissions, letters to the editor, and
other editorial correspondence to International UFO Reporter,
Center for UFO Studies, 2457 West Peterson Avenue, Chicago,
IUR * SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994
Illinois 60659. Address all subscription correspondence to
International UFO Reporter, 2457 West Peterson Avenue,
Chicago, Illinois 60659.
The International UFO Reporter is a benefit publication
mailed to Associates of the Center for a contribution of $25.00
or more. Foreign Associates add $5.00 for delivery. All
amounts in U.S. funds. Other publications also available for
contributors of larger amounts. For details, write to the
J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies, 2457 West Peterson
Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60659, USA. Postmaster: Send
Form 3579 to CUFOS, 2457 West Peterson Avenue, Chicago,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4677, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE AIR FORCE REPORT ON ROSWELL:
AN ABSENCE OF EVIDENCE
BY MARK RODEGHIER AND MARK CHESNEY
s almost every reader of IUR must know by
A
now, on September 8 of this year, the Air Force
released a twenty-three page report, entitled
Report of Air Force Research Regarding the
"Roswell Incident. " This report is dated July 1994, contains
thirty-three attachments numbering hundreds of additional
pages, and purports to "stand as the final official Air Force
response regarding this matter." The release of this report
and its conclusion-that the Roswell debris came from a
top-secret balloon project-was widely reported in the
media, including by major television networks and the New
York Times, which ran a cover story on the report in its
Sunday edition.
Despite all this attention, the details of the Air Force
report and conclusion have not always been made clear. In
this article, we will explain the Air Force conclusion and the
reasons they provide to support their theory about Roswell.
We will also explain why the Roswell research community
finds the Air Force hypothesis so weak and internally
inconsistent by focusing on the testimony Air Force inves-
tigators gathered from a few carefully-chosen witnesses
The impetus for the Air Force report was the initiation
of a General Accounting Office (GAO) investigation early
this year, at the request of Rep. Stephen Schiff from New
Mexico, as reported in the March/April issue of IUR. It is
unusual for a government agency that is currently being
investigated by the GAO to release a report to the public, as
well as to the GAO, long before a GAO inquiry is complete.
However, that is only one of the many oddities surrounding
this report, as we demonstrate.
Whatever its content, the Air Force report marks a
milestone in ufology: Not since Project Blue Book was
closed in 1969 has any agency of the government com-
mented at such length on any UFO incident. That the Air
Force was forced to do so says much about the depth of
investigation and evidence that affirms the unusual nature of
the debris recovered near Roswell in July 1947.
It is impossible to print the report in its entirety in these
pages, but we begin by reproducing the Executive Summary
to provide a clear statement of the Air Force position.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Mark Rodeghier, Ph.D., is scientific director of the Center
for UFO Studies. Mark Chesney is a CUFOS research
associate.
The "Roswell Incident" refers to an event that suppos-
edly happened in July, 1947, wherein the Army Air
Forces (AAF) allegedly recovered remains of a crashed
"flying disc" near Roswell, New Mexico. In February,
1994, the General Accounting Office (GAO), acting on
the request of a New Mexico Congressman, initiated an
audit to attempt to locate records of such an incident and
to determine if records regarding it were properly handled
Although the GAO effort was to look at a number of
government agencies, the apparent focus was on the Air
Force. SAF/AAZ [Security and Special Program Over-
sight, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force], as the
Central Point of Contact for the GAO in this matter,
initiated a systematic search of current Air Force offices
as well as numerous archives and records centers that
might help explain this matter. Research revealed that
the "Roswell Incident" was not even considered a UFO
event until the 1978-1980 time frame. Prior to that, the
incident was dismissed because the AAF originally
identified the debris recovered as being that of a weather
balloon. Subsequently, various authors wrote a number
of books claiming that, not only was debris from an alien
spacecraft recovered, but also the bodies of the craft's
alien occupants. These claims continue to evolve today
and the Air Force is now routinely accused of engaging
in a "cover-up" of this supposed event.
The research located no records at existing Air Force
offices that indicated any "cover-up" by the USAF or
any indication of such a recovery. Consequently, efforts
were intensified by Air Force researchers at numerous
locations where records for the period in question were
stored. The records reviewed did not reveal any increase
in operations, security, or any other activity in July,
1947, that indicated any such unusual event may have
occurred. Records were located and thoroughly ex-
plored concerning a then-TOP SECRET balloon project,
designed to attempt to monitor Soviet nuclear tesis,
known as Project Mogul. Additionally, several surviv-
ing project personnel were located and interviewed, as
was the only surviving person who recovered debris
from the original Roswell site in 1947, and the former
continued on page 20
IUR SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 794, "chars": 4904, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
another passed. They came to a bridge with a sharp turn
following it almost immediately. Farther along this section
the trio stopped. As all this was going on, Bill's vision was
impaired. Obviously he had some type of vision as he was
driving, but he was unable to remember seeing the UFO. The
two women with him recall the UFO clearly, and their
descriptions closely match Kelly's.
In some unexplained manner Bill was isolated from the
central experience. He has conscious recall of smells and
sounds and remembers that a lot of activity was going on. He
does not recall seeing anything. He subsequently underwent
hypnosis, which expanded his apparent recollections to
seeming onboard components, but once again these were
through the senses of smell and hearing only.
The two women did not think of theirs as an "abduc-
tion" experience. They felt as if they had exercised free will
all through it. Yet the principal element of their onboard
experience was a form of examination—not, however, visu-
ally remembered. Other parts of their onboard experience
exist in visual images and conscious memory. Hypnosis in
their cases appears to have only reinforced what they recall
already.
The entities did not speak and provided very little
information. Neither woman saw the other or any of the
others while in the alien environment presumably aboard the
UFO. Curiously, each was still aware of what was happen-
ing to her companion, ostensibly through psychic means.
The trio apparently did not have the complex back-
ground experiences described by Kelly. Their experience
seem limited only to the August 8 encounter.
There is also some physical evidence. PRA found a
possible related ground trace and low-level magnetic anomaly
at the encounter site.
COMMENT
Kelly has gone on to write her own account of the experience
and its difficult aftermath. In October 1994 John Auchettl
and PRA, whose investigative thoroughness is to be com-
mended, released a comprehensive report on the affair.
In this emotionally explosive area it is easy for people
to get caught up in less than satisfactory situations while
they attempt to understand extraordinary experiences. I
hope this event and the documentation that flows from it will
be of some help to others in similar situations.
The victims of these experiences must not be unrealis-
tically encouraged by advocates of an alien presence; nor, at
the other extreme, should they be ridiculed by the skeptical
among us. They should be helped to deal with their experi-
ences, whether those experiences turn out to be prosaic or
profound in origin.
The second part of this report will review the PRA
report and examine in detail the accounts of the other
group of witnesses. It will also consider the physical
evidence and provide reflections on the nature and mean-
ing of this event.
ADVERTISEMENT
"UFO" matter is an
EGON W. BACH
odd mineral that
calmly oozes from
"UFO
FROM THE VOLCANOES
the volcanoes or is
erupted violently. By
drilling into the vol-
canoes we can ex-
tract it, but first we
must sample it effi-
ciently with airships
above the oozing sites
of the cool and harm-
less Saint Elmo's
Fires, as known for
centuries. They are
nearly as warm or cool
as our air but make us
believe they are hot
(as they turn red, gold,
green, and blue) or
they are cold (as they reverse colors and turn black). Also
they shrink and swell as they float and wiggle-change
shape from balls into cones, then snaking shapes of
electrical lustre-scaring us with the illusion of live spirits
I like to prospect with enthusiastic friends for this matter
and map geothermal sites. Order UFOs from the Volca-
noes, $22 plus $3 postage (400 pages, pictures, video
review, methods) from Egon Bach, 4712 Oakdale Road,
Modesto, CA 95357.
AIR FORCE REPORT-continued from page 3
officer who initially identified the wreckage as a bal-
loon. Comparison of all information developed or ob-
tained indicated that the material recovered near Ro-
swell was consistent with a balloon device and most
likely from one of the Mogul balloons that had not been
previously recovered. Air Force research efforts did not
disclose any records of the recovery of any "alien"
bodies or extraterrestrial materials.
There are two important points to note immediately. It
is clear from this summary that the Air Force couldn't find
any physical evidence that proves or documentation that
clearly states that a balloon from Project Mogul was recov-
ered by rancher Mac Brazel or officers from the 509th Bomb
Group. Second, the Air Force has no Mogul balloon material
from 1947 to show to witnesses to provide a positive
identification; given the many years since the project ended,
it is not surprising that no material can be located. Still,
without such confirmation, the Air Force explanation relies
upon inference from verbal testimony, not solid, hard evi-
dence.
IUR + SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994
20

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 957, "chars": 6001, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE AIR FORCE CONCLUSION
Given this lack of evidence, how can the Air Force conclude
that the debris near Roswell was from Project Mogul? The
key statement in the Executive Summary is the phrase
"Comparison of all information developed or obtained."
This statement does not say "Comparison of all information
available" about the incident, and that is the crucial omis-
sion (and admission) of the Air Force investigators. The Air
Force certainly read almost all major publications on Ros-
well, including books by Randle and Schmitt, Friedman and
Berliner, and the Roswell Report published by CUFOS, so
they were aware of the many witnesses interviewed by the
investigators. Nevertheless, they confined their interviews
to only two former Air Force personnel: Sheridan Cavitt, the
Counter-Intelligence Corps officer who accompanied Jesse
Marcel to the ranch site; and Irving Newton, the weather
officer at Carswell AFB in Fort Worth who identified the
debris in Ramey's office as a standard weather balloon. They
also interviewed three surviving members of Project Mogul.
Given the many, many persons who have been identi-
fied as firsthand or secondhand Roswell witnesses, that the
Air Force interviewed only five people is truly astonishing.
Two key former military personnel whom they did not
interview were General Arthur Exon, who confirmed the
presence of two sites and a gouge in the ground, and Jesse
Marcel, Jr., who handled the debris his father brought home.
Nor did they try to interview any of the other living military
witnesses mentioned in the two books by Randle and Schmitt,
including Walter Haut, who distributed the press release and
still lives in Roswell.
Many Roswell witnesses have passed away, but inter-
views with some were recorded before their deaths. One
would expect that the Air Force investigators would be
interested in such material, but they never requested the
tapes on which Bill Rickett, former second-in-command to
Cavitt, discussed his knowledge of the crash and recovery,
or the tapes on which Edwin Easley, Provost Marshall at
Roswell in 1947, admitted that he was still sworn to secrecy
about the event (which would not be true for Project Mogul
after all these years.
Except for Project Mogul personnel, the Air Force also
decided not to interview civilians with knowledge of the
event, including Glenn Dennis, the mortician who claims he
talked to a nurse who assisted with autopsies on alien bodies;
Bill Brazel, son of Mac Brazel; or Loretta Proctor, a former
neighbor of Mac, who saw some of the debris and talked to
Mac about it.
The Air Force's explanation for their curious lack of
interest in certain witnesses is explained on page eight of the
report:
While the historical document search was in progress, it
was decided to attempt to locate and interview several
persons identified as still living who could possibly
answer questions generated by the research.... Again,
the focus was on interviewing persons that could address
specific issues raised by research and no consideration
was given to try and locate every alleged witness claimed
to have been contacted by the various authors.
For
example, one of the interviewees thought vital to obtain
an official signed, sworn statement from was Sheridan
Cavitt, Lt Col, USAF (Retired) who is the last living
member of the three persons universally acknowledged
to have recovered material from the Foster Ranch.
Others were also interviewed as information developed.
We surely couldn't expect the Air Force to interview every
person named in the literature
on Roswell, but to have
interviewed only five persons calls into question the serious
intention and true goal of the investigation.
The Air Force investigators did examine thousands of
pages of documents. They found no mention of the Roswell
incident and the recovery of any debris, except known
documents such as the FBI telex of July 8, 1947. Nor, as
noted above, did they find any documents that conclusively
linked Project Mogul to the Roswell debris, even when they
obtained private records and, in one instance, a professional
diary of A. P. Crary, another Project Mogul staffer.
How, then, did the Air Force decide that a Project
Mogul balloon was the source of the Roswell debris? Even
though their reasoning is not laid out this neatly in the report,
here are the key facts as the Air Force sees them:
1. Their search of official records turned up no "infor-
mation that the 'Roswell Incident' was a UFO event." Nor
was there any evidence for the existence of any classified
program that is concerned with the storage or exploitation of
the debris from Roswell, assuming it was from an alien
spacecraft.
2. There is "no indication in official records from the
period that there was heightened military operational or
security activity which should have been generated if this
was, in fact, the first recovery of materials and/or persons
from another world."
3. Project Mogul was flying instruments from
Alamogordo Army Air Field (now Holloman Air Force
Base) whose purpose was classified top secret. These instru-
ments were flown on huge balloon trains composed of many
balloons and radar reflectors and so would have provided a
substantial amount of potentially unusual debris.
4. Sheridan Cavitt claimed, in his interview of May
1994, that he immediately recognized the debris as part of a
balloon.
5. Irving Newton, in July of this year, and consistent
with what he has maintained all along, stated that what he
saw in General Ramey's office was debris from a balloon.
6. The story about the Roswell event in the July 9
edition of the Roswell Daily Record, quoting Mac Brazel,
provides a description of the debris that is reasonably
consistent with Mogul balloon material.
7. The photos of debris taken in General Ramey's office
are consistent with material from a balloon and radar reflec-
tor, and Mogul staffers shown the photos felt the material
could have been from one of their balloons.
IUR 4 SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994
21

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 953, "chars": 5849, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8. Some of the witness testimony is consistent with
material from Mogul balloon material, such as the alleged
use of a purplish-pink tape with symbols on it to hold the
assembly together.
WHAT ROSWELL WAS NOT
Before reviewing the testimony and reasoning the Air Force
used in the report, we note that the Air Force investigation
actually supports the work of Randle and Schmitt, who have
previously been able to show that the Roswell object could
not have been a V-2 rocket, an experimental aircraft or
aircraft crash, or an atomic accident of some kind. The Air
Force found no evidence that the Roswell incident was
caused by any of these terrestrial sources, which is further
proof of the quality of prior investigation on Roswell by
UFO researchers. The upshot of this elimination of other
terrestrial sources by the Air Force is that there remains only
one possible conventional source of the Roswell debris: a
Project Mogul balloon train.
PROJECT MOGUL
Although reports in the media, and the Air Force report
itself, seem to indicate that the balloon found near Roswell
was a top-secret Mogul balloon, the story is more compli-
cated than that. Project Mogul was designed to determine
whether acoustic devices could detect atmospheric shock
waves from Soviet nuclear explosions. In 1947 the Soviets
had not yet successfully exploded an atomic device, but we
knew they were working to develop this capability. Since it
was at that time not possible to fly spy planes easily over
Soviet territory, we needed another long-range method of
monitoring their atomic tests, and one idea was a balloon-
borne, low-frequency acoustic device that was developed by
personnel connected with New York University. The project
was eventually abandoned when the concept was found to
be unworkable. Several flights were made in June and July
of 1947 that could conceivably be the source of the Roswell
debris.
Two types of flights were conducted by the project. One
type was a test of the actual Mogul device and associated
instrumentation; the other was labeled a "service flight" by
Project Engineer Charles Moore and was not always logged.
All flights seem to have been accounted for, in one way or
another, except for Flights 2 through 4, and Flight 9. Al-
though Flight 9 was much closer in time to the recovery of
debris, the Air Force suggests that Flight 4 was the source of
the debris. Given the existing Mogul records, it is clear that
Flight 4 would have been launched no later than June 4. We
These earlier flights used neoprene meteorological bal-
loons. The report notes that "Professor Moore stated that the
neoprene balloons were susceptible to degradation in the
sunlight, turning from a milky white to a dark brown. He
described finding remains of balloon trains with reflectors
and payloads that had landed in the desert: the ruptured and
shredded neoprene would 'almost look like dark gray or
black flakes or ashes after exposure to the sun for only a few
days."" To remain at constant altitude, a Mogul balloon
actually consisted of several balloons, as shown on the front
cover of this issue. This multiballoon array with associated
radar reflectors, the Air Force suggests, came down on the
Foster ranch and was found by Mac Brazel on June 14.
They base this date on the story in the July 9 Roswell
Daily Record, where Brazel is quoted at length. In fact, the
Air Force relies heavily upon this newspaper story, the
photos in Ramey's office, and their interviews with Cavitt
and Mogul personnel.
THE REPORT'S INTERNAL INCONSISTENCIES
One way to criticize and expose the weaknesses of the Air
Force investigation is to demonstrate the implausibility of
certain conclusions or statements. Another is to bring evi-
dence to bear from other witnesses and sources that under-
mines the evidence presented in the report. A third, which
we pursue in this section, is to show that there are serious
problems of contradictory testimony and evidence within
the report itself that call into question the Mogul explana-
tion. To keep this article from running on endlessly, we
focus here only on the most glaring inconsistencies.
Extent of the debris. Sheridan Cavitt's signed state-
ment to Colonel Richard Weaver claims "The area of this
debris was very small, about 20 feet square." The July 9
newspaper article that the Air Force uses as evidence quotes
Brazel as stating that "The rubber [from the balloon] was
smoky gray in color and scattered over an area about 200
yards in diameter." These statements can't be made to
match. One of them must be wrong.
General appearance of the debris. Flight 4, if it was
the cause of the debris, must have lain in the sun for at least
ten days (from June 4 to June 14). Professor Charles Moore
stated flatly that after some exposure to the sun, neoprene
would turn into "dark gray or black flakes or ashes." Neither
Cavitt in his interview, nor Brazel in the newspaper story,
described finding this type of debris, even though the sun in
June in New Mexico is quite intense at the high altitude of
the Foster ranch. Once again, key witnesses provide contra-
dictory testimony.
Type of balloon. Brazel told the newspaper reporters
from the Daily Record that "he had previously found two
weather balloons on the ranch, but that what he found this
time did not in any way resemble either of these." This
statement has never been possible to square with the original
Air Force explanation that a weather balloon was the source
of the Roswell debris. It also remains difficult to reconcile
with the new balloon explanation because Flight 4 did not
consist of any unusual balloon material, despite the highly
classified nature of Mogul. Flight 4 simply consisted of
several standard balloons. This is evident as well from the
testimony gathered from Irving Newton (assuming he was
IUR → SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994
22

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1036, "chars": 6232, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
viewing debris from Flight 4), who stated that "this was a
balloon and a RAWIN target [the radar reflector]."
tionally, in his signed statement made during his interview,
Cavitt claimed that "I remember recognizing this material
as being consistent with a weather balloon." The Air Force
can't have it both ways. Brazel said the stuff did not
resemble a weather balloon; Cavitt and Newton say it did.
Symbols on the debris. According to Colonel Albert
Trakowski, the Air Force project officer for Mogul, a
purplish-pink tape with flower and heart symbols on it was
used to hold some of the flimsy Mogul balloon train to-
gether. In his newspaper interview, Brazel does mention
"some tape with flowers printed upon it" that had been used
in the construction. However, Cavitt, who must have had a
good, long look at the debris during the recovery, stated at
one point that "I do not remember any writing at all on the
thing [debris]." Even later, after being further prompted by
Colonel Weaver, the interviewer, he still said, "I don't
remember anything like that." If Cavitt's memory is correct,
a major part of the Air Force evidence is discredited. And if
we are to discount his testimony on this point, why should
we accept his statements about other aspects of the event?
Once again, we have contradictory evidence and testi-
mony within the Air Force report, requiring us to accept
testimony selectively from one source or another if we are
to agree with the Air Force explanation.
Many other oddities could be mentioned, but one more
must suffice. Cavitt said that he never met Brazel, but he
also admitted recovering material from the debris field. One
of us (MR) knows full well how difficult it is to find the
debris field without guidance from a local. There is no way
that Marcel and Cavitt could have driven from Roswell to
the debris field without being shown the way—all the
way-by Mac Brazel. That being the case, then Cavitt
certainly did meet Brazel. If his memory is so poor about
such an obvious fact, what else is he misremembering or still
not telling?
THE REPORT'S LOGICAL INCONSISTENCIES
The most glaring, we believe, are the radically different
evaluations of the debris by Marcel and Colonel Blanchard,
commanding officer at Roswell Army Air Field. If Cavitt so
easily recognized the debris as a downed balloon, as did
Irving Newton in Fort Worth, why didn't Marcel and
Blanchard? There is no logical explanation, especially
because we have to assume that Cavitt and Marcel did not
stand mute on the debris field, but instead talked about the
material and its possible origin. And if they talked at all, then
Marcel and Blanchard should at least have been cautious
about going public.
The Air Force, in its report, is aware of the difficulty of
explaining Blanchard's and Marcel's actions. The best they
can suggest is "that there was over-reaction by Colonel
Blanchard and Major Marcel." Over-reaction indeed! Now
there's an understatement. The boys at Roswell put out a
IUR + SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994
23
press release,
informing the world that the balloon they
captured was a flying disc and jeopardizing the security of
Project Mogul, even though the head counterintelligence
officer has told them the debris is from a balloon, and the
best explanation is "over-reaction." This explanation is
made even more ludicrous by the successful careers that
Marcel, and especially Blanchard, had in the Air Force after
this monumental blunder, which should have resulted in
instant demotion for them if their actions were what the Air
Force is now claiming.
It is clear from their testimony that neither Moore nor
Athelstan Spilhaus, former director of the NYU Balloon
Project, heard of the Roswell incident until approached by
investigators. This is simply not believable if the Roswell
incident was caused by one of the Project Mogul balloon
flights. The events at Roswell must have been a notorious
and embarrassing incident for the Army Air Force. For
security reasons, it is inconceivable that key Mogul person-
nel were not told the Roswell debris was definitely a Mogul
flight. There would undoubtably be discussions about better
security arrangements after this well-publicized farce (which
came close to blowing Mogul's cover). Yet Moore did not
remember that Mogul had caused the Roswell incident when
Bill Moore interviewed him around 1980, and Spilhaus says
he was unaware of the incident until contacted this year by
the Air Force. That the Air Force does not address this issue
is very troubling.
A third point which doesn't make much sense, if the Air
Force theory is correct, is that Jesse Marcel and his family
kept some of the debris after the incident and even showed
it to the Cavitts. Mary Cavitt, Sheridan Cavitt's wife, sat in
on the Air Force interview, just as she had done during
Randle and Schmitt's interviews. At two points, she stated
that Jesse brought out material when the Cavitts
were
visiting. After her interjection, Cavitt himself said,
"I re-
member. He could have had some there at the house and it
was, it looked like a foil of some sort, and he could have tried
to burn that and it didn't burn very well. I don't know."
Look closely at Cavitt's statement. First he said he
remembered. Then he qualified his statements with the word
"could," and finally he ended with "I don't know." This
sounds to us like a man forced by the admissions of his wife
to discuss an issue he would have preferred to avoid.
The key question is this: If Jesse Marcel knew that the
material he and Cavitt recovered was from a balloon, either
weather or Mogul, would he have kept some of the debris
around the house and brought it out and still played around
with it, as if there was something special about it? Obviously
not, if the debris was only from a standard balloon, since
weather balloons were common in the Air Force. But if the
debris really had strange properties, then he might keep it
around for later viewing and study, only showing it to other
military personnel, like Sheridan Cavitt, who had accompa-
nied him to the site. And, too, he might keep it because he
knew the public explanation for Roswell was a cover story,
one that had used him as a scapegoat, so he wanted to retain

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1028, "chars": 6220, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
evidence to prove his original evaluation was correct.
INVESTIGATIVE WEAKNESSES
By now it should be apparent that 1) the Air Force cannot
prove that debris from a Mogul balloon train was the cause
of the Roswell incident, and 2) the report is self-contradic-
tory and logically inconsistent. The Air Force was quick in
their report to criticize the work of UFO researchers because
"almost all their information came from verbal reports many
years after the alleged incident occurred... Most, however,
related their stories in their older years, well after the fact."
That description applies almost perfectly to the Air Force
report, which relies nearly exclusively upon such evidence.
Even though Project Mogul documentation exists, there
is no paper or physical evidence to prove conclusively that
a purplish-pink tape, for example, was used in constructing
the balloon trains. Yes, former Mogul personnel claim it was
so, but their statements are simply "verbal reports many
years after the alleged incident occurred." The same is true
for all the critical elements that might link Project Mogul to
Colonel Weaver, head of the Air Force investigation,
admitted as much to Cavitt during the interview. He stated,
in response to Cavitt's wishing him good luck at convincing
people of the Mogul explanation, that " ... it is going to be
difficult, because like I say we have nothing other than this
one formerly classified project that was occurring out there
at the same time that was even a little bit 'funny,' if you will."
This is a telling admission of weakness because, if the
source of the Roswell debris was something unusual but
conventional, and there was only one project going on in
New Mexico that might have caused it, why should it be
difficult to convince us that this project—Mogul—was the
cause? The answer, as Weaver must be aware, is that the Air
Force case is weak. They, like the UFO investigators they
criticize, rely on verbal reports and selective use of existing
accounts.
What makes the Air Force report inferior to the best
Roswell investigations is its refusal to use all the available
testimony, especially their star witnesses. If, as the Air Force
claims, time makes memories hazy, then you would expect
them to use statements from Charles Moore from around
1980 rather than 1994, since Moore's memory 14 years ago
is likely to be more accurate. This is particularly true
because, in the meantime, he has read much UFO material
by his own admission.
However, the Air Force completely ignores the follow-
ing key statement Charles Moore gave to Bill Moore in
1980: "Based on the description you just gave me, I can
definitely rule this out [that Roswell could be a weather or
other scientific balloon]. There wasn't a balloon in use back
in '47, or even today for that matter, that could have
produced debris over such a large area or torn up the ground
in any way. I have no idea what such an object might have
been, but I can't believe a balloon would fit such a descrip-
IUR * SEPTEMBER/OCTOBER 1994
tion." That is a damning statement that completely refutes
the Mogul explanation. Since the Air Force couldn't explain
why a key witness has changed his testimony, they found it
convenient to ignore previous interviews. We though, are
not bound by such artificial restrictions, so have to question
why Charles Moore has now changed his mind. In any case,
we usually accept the first statements made by a witness,
before any contamination has set in. On that basis, Project
Mogul could not have been the cause of the Roswell debris.
There is one other flagrant lacuna that confirms to us, at
least, that the Air Force was not interested in conducting an
in-depth investigation into Roswell: the lack of thoughtful
and insightful questions by Weaver as he interviewed Cavitt.
Earlier we noted the bizarre situation in which Cavitt was
able to recognize balloon debris immediately, but Marcel
and Blanchard could not. Since this is such a puzzle, you
would expect a competent interviewer to ask Cavitt what he
told Marcel and what Marcel said in return as they discussed
the debris on the ranch. But this matter was never raised by
Weaver, making it obvious that he was not interested in
pursuing every potentially important lead. Nor did he delve,
after Mary Cavitt's comments, into what the Cavitts knew
about the debris that Marcel kept at his home. It should have
been obvious that the nature of that debris was crucial to the
investigation.
We have demonstrated how little compelling evidence
there is for the Air Force's theory that a Project Mogul
balloon array caused the Roswell incident. Why, then did
much of the media so blindly accept the Air Force's conclu-
sion? A full answer to that question must await another
article, but we can note here the double standard applied to
the UFO subject by the press. Just imagine that the Air Force
had released a report on some other topic, a report in which
they 1) admitted that originally they had lied, and 2) the
"real" explanation was still fairly similar to the lie. Can
anyone believe that the American press, given their general
distrust of the military, and the history of government cover-
ups during the Cold War, would automatically believe the
new explanation? Yet that is exactly what much of the press
has done with Roswell. It truly does boggle the mind.
The Air Force report has not halted the GAO investiga-
tion or reduced the resolve of Rep. Schiff, who told CUFOS
that he is determined to continue his efforts at learning the
truth about Roswell. We thank and applaud him for his
resolve and political courage. In this article, we have criti-
cized the Air Force report without resorting to much of the
evidence collected by investigators over the past fifteen
years. When that information is brought to bear, the super-
ficial nature and inherent bias of the report are even more
apparent. Although it is very helpful to have Sheridan Cavitt
on the record, as well as the Air Force itself, the Air Force
report is useful for little else, and it does not contribute
toward solving the puzzle of the nature of the debris found
near Roswell in 1947. That is truly a shame, given what
could have been accomplished.
+

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 236, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ROBERT G. TOD.N
2528 Belmont Avenues
Ardmore, PA 19003-26177

‘".!

if}

= =
iri

fs.

ATTN: Lt. James McAndrew
Center for Air Force History
CAFH HO

170 Luke Ave Suite 400
Bolling AFB DC 20332-5113

qe ad «

rst

Ge wt-

a
aiihtia a *

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 32, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 10, "variant": "clean-vision"}
HI THE THAT 1000 TO 0 I MU
ж+.-
