{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:53:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1768712, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/17618564/40989242.pdf", "source_sha256": "149911a5cd7ced882ae9a6122128909e6c245de2e5a6f3715b92d22e6a219cf2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2931, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
Place: Tularosa, NM
Date: 28 May 95
1, Bernard D. Gildenberg, GS-14, (Ret), hereby state that James McAndrew was identified
as a Lieutenant, USAFR on this date at my home and do hereby, voluntarily and of my
own free will, make the following statement. This was done without having been subjected
to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement.
I became involved in high altitude balloon development while an undergraduate student at
New York University (NYU). Following graduation I was hired by the Air Force at
Holloman AFB and worked continuously as both a meteorologist and aerospace engineer
at the Balloon Branch from 1951 until my retirement in 1981. My job responsibilities were
to forecast the weather and fly by remote control, high altitude balloons for many different
scientific projects. During this time, I became internationally recognized as an authority on
high altitude balloon trajectory forecasting. I have published numerous technical reports
and articles.
The first project in which I was involved, while still an undergraduate student at NYU, was
the acoustical detection of nuclear explosions. The name of the project, Mogul, was
classified and I didn't know this name until several years ago. Based on my experience with
this project I am certain project Mogul was responsible for some portions of what has
become to be known as the "Roswell Incident"
Following project Mogul I was involved in perfecting high altitude balloon technology and
made many test flights with large polyethylene balloons from Holloman AFB. I worked
extensively on atmospheric sampling projects and biological flights in which the balloons
lifted small animals to altitude for cosmic ray experiments. I also worked on the Moby Dick
Project that collected meteorological data and the classified Gopher (119L) reconnaissance
project.
I was relied upon to forecast the weather, conduct climatological studies, predict balloon
trajectories, and to hit with precision, ground targets both on and off the White Sands
Missile Range. Balloon trajectories in New Mexico below the tropopause, are
predominantly towards the east-northeast, when launched from Holloman AFB with the
exception of July and August when balloons remained over the Holloman area. At high
altitude, above the tropopause, trajectories are generally westerly during the summer and
easterly during the spring, fall, and winter. As a result these winds, the Holloman balloon
branch recovered many, probably hundreds, of balloons and scientific payloads from the
Roswell, NM area over the years.
During the time of the year when trajectories were to the east I attempted to drop the
equipment near accessible non mountainous areas and paved roads. The main target area
was the first large north-south road on the other side of the Sacramento Mountains from
Holloman AFB, Highway 285. This road goes north and south through Roswell. The

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3353, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
standard procedure was to preposition military recovery crews near the projected point of
payload impact. The crews consisted primarily of Air Force members in uniform and they
operated military vehicles. I often directed these crews to "standby" along the shoulder of
Highway 285, both north and south of Roswell until the balloon was in position. The
recovery crews received detailed instructions from tracking aircraft that led them to the
exact location of the payload. The recovery vehicles included, depending on the mission, a
crane, weapons carriers, communications van, and occasionally tanker trucks to refuel the
aircraft that would sometimes land on nearby roads.
During the time of the year when balloon trajectories were to the west, I attempted to drop
the payloads in the Rio Grande Valley. I also aimed for another valley, the flat area north
of Truth or Consequences that includes the Plains of San Augustin. In addition, many
remote balloon launch sites were located throughout the Rio Grande Valley west of the
White Sands Proving Grounds. Launch crews were also mostly military and used much of
the same equipment as the recovery crews.
I had extensive involvement with Project 7218 that later became Project 7222. This
project studied the free-fall characteristics of anthropomorphic dummies dropped from
balloons from altitudes up to 100,000 feet. The missions usually consisted of two
dummies attached to a suspension rack that I directed to be released at altitude. Depending
on the wind conditions and time of year, the dummies, on many occasions, landed in the
Roswell area. I recall some difficulties in the release mechanisms of the dummies that
resulted in some of them free-falling to the ground while they were still attached to the
rack. Someone without a good vantage point or not associated with the project might
mistake these dummies for "aliens" due to their odd flesh tones and abstract human
teatures.
I also recall an accident involving a manned balloon flight. I remember this event clearly
because I am also a balloon pilot and had an accident approximately two years before. The
accident occurred on a flight that Capt Joe Kittenger was "checking out" two back up pilots
for his high altitude missions. The balloon was launched around midnight from behind the
Balloon Branch at Holloman AFB. I remember that some of the steel ballast used by the
balloon caused a "fireworks' display when it contacted some nearby power lines during the
launch. I was operating the control center for this flight and I received notification from
the communications vehicle that was following the balloon that there had been an accident
north of Roswell. I later learned that the gondola had rolled over during a practice touch
and go landing and one of the pilots had been struck in the head and injured. I recall
speaking to Capt Kittinger about the accident and I saw the injured pilot. Although his
injury was not serious, his head had considerable swelling and he looked very odd.
I also worked with Capt Kittinger on Project Stargazer. I also had met several times the
civilian scientific advisor Dr. J. Allen Hynek. Dr Hynek was thoroughly familiar with the
balloon operations at Holloman and visited the Balloon Branch numerous times. This
project experienced some difficulties and only one manned flight was conducted.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1902, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another project I was involved with was the Air Force investigations of UFOs, Project
Bluebook. Since I was a meteorologist and amateur astronomer I evaluated, starting in
1951, local sightings of UFOs. New Mexico had alot of sightings because of the good
visibility and the many experimental projects of the White Sands Proving Grounds. During
my time on Project Bluebook there wasn't any sightings that we could not explain.
Nevertheless popular literature still refers to some of these sightings as unexplained
Another project with which I was involved, was the NASA Voyager and Viking Projects.
These space vehicles were tested by launching them from our balloons at extremely high
altitude to simulate the atmosphere of Venus and Mars. To utilize the instrumentation on
the White Sands Missile Range I elected to launch the balloons and attached space vehicles
from the Roswell Industrial Air Center, formerly the Roswell Army Airfield. The
Holloman Balloon Branch made approximately eight launches of these two vehicles from
Roswell. In appearance the Viking and Voyager probes could be mistaken for a flying
saucer. They were both unclassified highly publicized projects and I do not recall getting
any UFO reports for these flights. I believe one of these probes is on display at White
Sands Missile Range and its known as the "flying saucer»
I am not part of any conspiracy to withhold or provide misleading information to the
United States Government or the American public. There is no classified information that
I am withholding related to this inquiry and I have never been threatened by U.S.
Government persons concerning refraining from talking about this matter.
SIGNED:
Subscribed and sworn before me, an
individual authorized to administer
oaths this 28th day of May 1995
at Tularosa, NM
Bernend D Dolank
Bernard D. Gildenberg, GS-14 (Ret)
James Mc Andrew, 1st Lt, USAFR
WITNESS(s):
