{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1973-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1c1yfs5","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180793,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
One of the few UFO encounter cases which also involved animal mutilation.Form: FI-4 Initial Report
Date: Thu, 11 Jan 2007 05:08:24 -0600
From: Francis Ridge
<nicap@insightbb.com>
Subject: 1973, May,
Houston, TX; Cattle Mutilation
Cat: 4
To: CE, SHG

Houston,TX 1973. One of the few UFO encounter cases which also
involved animal mutilation occurred in May, 1973, and involved four
women. Judy Doraty, her daughter Cindy, Judy's mother and sister-in-law
would have the most terrifying experience of their lives. After playing
Bingo in Houston, the four women were returning to Judy's home town of
Texas City, but first going by Alto Loma to drop off Judy's sister and
brother-in-law.

After dropping off the two in Alto Loma, the remaining four saw a
strange light, which seemed to be hovering in the night sky. The sight
was intriguing enough that the four women stopped, and got out of the
car to get a clearer look at the source of the light. They watched in
awe until the light disappeared. They then resumed their trip to Texas
City.

Eventually, Judy began to suffer from extreme headaches and
anxiety. After being seen and dismissed by several doctors, she was
referred to well-known Ufologist and hypnotist Dr. Leo Sprinkle.
Sprinkle's previous experience with the UFO enigma led him to recommend
hypnosis as a way to relieve Judy of her emotional trauma. There can be
little doubt that Sprinkle suspected an abduction from the beginning.

Under hypnosis, it was revealed that Judy had apparently been
abducted aboard an extra-terrestrial spacecraft. Judy went on in
detail, describing how a cow was taken up into the craft and
methodically mutilated by two "small entities." During the hypnotic
regression, Judy described the unusual sensation of being in two places
at once. She said that she was still standing beside her car after they
stopped to watch the strange light in the sky. However, Judy also said
that at the same time, she was in a strange chamber watching the
gruesome experiment unfolding before her eyes. Footage of this
regression was included in Linda Moulton-Howe's award-winning
documentary "Strange Harvests."

In a 1989 interview on 21st Century Radio, Linda Howe divulged
what had been learned from the experience of Judy Doraty:

"Judy described . . . in a pale beam of yellow light, a small
brown and white calf being taken up into a craft. Then, in an
extraordinary way, [Judy) was inside the craft, and she watches the
calf have pieces of it excised: the tongue, the sex organs, the
eyes...?"

Some of Sprinkle's hypnosis session is included below:

Sprinkle asks, "Is there anyone around you?" There was this long,
almost forty-five-second pause, and then she said: "two little men."

"[The two beings) were about three and a half to four feet tall;
grey creatures with large egg-shaped heads."

"It's like a spotlight shining down on the back of my car. And
it's like it has substance to it. I can see an animal being taken up in
this. I can see it squirming and trying to get free. And it's like it's
being sucked up."

She then went on to mention seeing her daughter Cindy on an
'operating' table.

She went on:

"They don't listen, they just ignore me....go about their work as
if it's nothing. They don't seem to have any emotions. They don't seem
to care. They just take some samples from her..."

It would be a number of years later when Judy's daughter Cindy
would also undergo regressive hypnosis. Her session only corroborated
her mother's.

Statement by Judy Doraty on February 01, 2003 at 19:48:28:

First I must say there is no doubt that abductions exist. My
abduction took place in 1973. There were 16 eye witnesses to the craft,
though not all remember an abduction. My daughter who was 14 at the
time and myself. This was first reported to Ellington airforce base in
Texas, who denied anything was on radar at the time. Our abduction was
also returning from a bingo game in Houston, to our home in Texas City,
first going by Alta Loma to drop off sister and brother in law.

There was another sighting of three people coming from a bingo
game in Houston that got burned by the effects of the sighting. Our
sighting was almost a year before theirs. So much happened that night I
would not attempt to go in detail, we were all changed and have never
been the same since. We were first ridiculed so much by others who were
not present (family mostly) I did not talk about it for a few years.
Then my husband returned home from Viet Nam and we were stationed in
Yuma, AZ. I somehow heard about APRO. I called them and told them about
my sighting and the very next day, a Mr. Daugherty and his wife and a
doctor. who had experience in hypnosis named Rose Tennant came to my
house and spent the entire day going over what happened.

Dr. Tenant regressed me and a few details came out or shall I say
surfaced. I had been having terrible migraines, and just the amount of
surfacing relieved much. I know I remembered a formula that was given
to me by the small gray alien. I think that is what caused a lot of
problems. I did not say anything to anyone else as I was still gun-shy
and afraid of ridicule. A few years later I got a call from a lady
Named Linda Howe. We talked a long time her trying to convince me I
needed to be regressed again for a TV documentary she was doing called
the Strange Harvest.

For some reason I began to trust her as she convinced me she
believed what I was saying. And as all abductees know this is one of
the most important things to help one get on with their life. In my
abduction I witnessed a small calf being transported in a LARGE CRAFT.
At that time I somehow was teleported or astroprojected or something,
as I was in the craft seeing what was going on as well as standing by
my car I had gotten out of to see what the huge light was that had been
pacing our car for about twenty miles or so. Anyway I allowed a DR. Leo
Sprinkle from the University of Wyoming to do his regression.

It was about a three hour regression, I fulfilled MS. Howe's
agenda she got an Emma for her documentary, but I was left with all the
information in my head that still needed syphoning. I asked her to help
me write a book to be able to tell the amazing things that I was told
and shown. She agreed and then kept putting it off.

Both her and Dr. Sprinkle used my case for their own agenda and
had little else to say to me. I guess I am trying to warn all of you to
be careful who you trust. My main concern was I always wanted my
abduction to be presented in a way that it would not be construed as a
crazy woman venting her boredom. So again I pulled myself in a shell
and talked to no one. I was contacted by Sightings to do a follow up
and I called Linda Howe she told me it would make the story
unbelievable to the average person and I should not do it, so I turned
them down. Later I learned she a a rift with Mr. Wrinklier and that was
the only reason she did not want me to be on the show.

Then about ten years ago I was told by someone in the UFO
community who was familiar with my case that Ms. Howe had gone to
Kirkland airforce base was warned to keep my mouth shut but Ms. Howe
never told this to me. She told a ufologist who called me. In other
words the government did not want me to say anything about a formula I
was given. I became frightened and this is the first time I have shared
anything. I hope some one reads this that will contact me and give me
advice or help as the abduction is 30 years old, I am 63 and before I
die I would love to know what many already know, and why they do not
want my story told...thanks for listening.

Assembled and written by B J Booth
Source: "Strange Harvest" Linda Moulton Howe
Dr. Leo Sprinkle, University of Wyoming, transcripts
21st Century Radio
Judy Doraty statement
