{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-27 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5455192.json","updb_database_id":5455192}
Red Lights 50 feet in diameter not particularly bright, they glowed, like burning embers

I was living. in Harlow, in the South East of England, not far from Stanstead International Airport, so I was used to seeing air traffic. I was watching television, while my son was playing with action figures, he was 10 years old at the time. I was pretty used to seeing air traffic, and you kinda get used to the patterns they make, also local hospital nearby has an air ambulance, and there is a small, private airport, about a mile away, so plenty going on in the skies. 
   I was alerted when I noticed a strange movement of red light moving towards my apartment, which seemed to come from some public garden allotments about a quarter of a mile away. I rose from my seat and moved to the window. The object I saw was only a few hundred feet away, hovering about 200ft high. No sound. It was solid, dome shaped, charcoal coloured and had 2 large red lights. I reckon it was about 50 feet from top to bottom, and 50 feet in diameter The lights were not particularly bright, they glowed , like burning embers, as opposed to beaming out.
I then went through this strange process, just to satisfy my mind. Is it a plane ? No. Planes don't hover and are not dome shaped. Is it a Helicopter. No. Helicopters have large and small blades and are very noisy. This machine is silent. Is it a balloon ? No. Balloons wouldn't have 2 large red lights and are unlikely to be hovering. To make sure I wasn't going mad I asked my son to come and look out the window and to see what he could see. He looked out and said 'Wow. It's a spaceship dad!' Eternally grateful that he agreed with me. He only watched it for a few seconds then went back to his action figures.
5 minutes into to the viewing another 'craft' appeared. It was a round light, I've heard they're called 'plasma balls'. It came from nowhere. It kinda glided, then stopped next to the craft. It was about 10 feet in diameter. Stayed there for 5 minutes then appeared to blink out. The craft stayed for a further 5 minutes, spun round slightly, wobbled, and disappeared to the South so fast it was over the horizon in the blink of an eye.
For the next few months I spent most evenings online looking for other UFO evidence. Didn't see much that convinced me, except for a short film on you tube that looked just like the plasma ball that appeared.
I can't believe that this did not make, at the very least, local news. It happened at 8. 30 pm in a busy town. Even at that time of night , the roads are still fairly busy, and most people are still up and around. Pretty impossible that we would have been the only ones to have witnessed this phenomenon.
Apologise for lack of photo evidence. I had a very old mobile phone at the time, and a few weeks earlier I broke my camera by dropping a large piece of furniture on it.
