{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-18 10:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11896","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5548192.json","updb_database_id":5548192}
Unusual Triangular Lights + Three other star-like objects

My apologies for being imprecise about the dates but I1ve got the times right. One or two weekends ago (either on or about July 18 or 25) I was out after dark in Tumwater, WA, which is just south of the state capitol of Olympia. I looked up in the sky and saw three steady points of light in the shape of an equilateral triangle heading southwest. The back two lights were white. The front was sort of a peachy amber. The triangle appeared to be passing a star-like object, which I assumed was Jupiter. The lights seemed to be on a somewhat twisty path until I realized that this was an illusion caused by the fact that "Jupiter" was quite visibly heading east1a coincidence I am not happy to report this as it makes my story considerably more unbelievable without really getting anything in return. It was way too large to be a satellite but, since it was well past the angle where the landing lights of a conventional aircraft would be expected to disappear and be replaced by colored blinkers, I wondered if maybe my memory might be strangely off. To make this story even more needlessly unbelievable, at that exact moment I saw a faint point of light1that is what I would presume to be an actual satellite1cross "Jupiter1s" path heading north as if presenting itself for purposes of comparison. How do you like them coincidental apples? After the two unkowns were out of site I checked the clock of my truck which read 10:22 PM. about three hours later at exactly 1:30 AM I saw another white light, this one smaller than Jupiter but still way too large to be a satellite, heading southeast across the night sky at about the clip of a jet airplane. This time I had the presence of mind to pull out my binoculars. As far as I could tell the light was steady and alone without any blinkers or other colored lights. 

Since then I've seen two more solid night lights, most recently last night (Aug. 2nd) when I saw a satellite-sized pinpoint of light heading north at high speed. unlike the others which simply kept moving until behind trees or over the top of a hill, this one dimmed out and vanished. I forgot to get the time but there was some vestigial daylight glimmering past the horizon. 

I've been working outside at night for a year-and-a-half. I am used to seeing all kinds of aircraft heading out of PDX and the Olympia Airport. These babies are new to me. They haven't suddenly stopped or changed course or suddenly zoomed off at impossibly radical speeds of any of that jazz I'm used to reading about. But, even so, I do not recognize what I've been seeing.

My emotional state can be summed up by the words "Hm. What do you know about that?"
