{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5470192.json","updb_database_id":5470192}
it has appeared for consecutive 5 years around the north area of Seoul every night.

Last May, one night i looked up to the sky to see the stars in front of my house. Then, suddenly i happened to see the blinking slowly flying object in the sky around at 9 p.m. At first i thought it was just a helicopter or something but to my surprise it didn't make any noise. it was so bizarre. After that incidence, in fact, i could often see the thing around 2 or 3 times a week on average.
One day i made up my mind to have a better look at it so i climbed up the mountain and succeeded to see it very closely. Its shape is a black right triangle and three blinking lights on its three corners with a faint red light in the center. Its size is approximately bigger than a helicopter but not that bigger than a plane. As i said earlier it shows up every night regardless of weather conditions - clear or cloudy, hot or cold, rainy or snowy. It seems like it is searching for its missing fragments or its missing comrades. it has a routine traveling course and rough time tables orbiting the town. It usually flies over the mountains or military facilities - especially U.S.A ones- laughing at human weapon systems.
it may sound foolish, but i think it is conscious of me and watches my activities because it follows wherever i go. i always get a hunch it's going to be imminent wherever i am. i tried to let Korean major news agency posted about this. but they are reluctant to go deeper. if you want video clips of the BTU i'll be glad to send them. i have lots of video clips. it is not a mystical thing anymore but to me is a daily matter of factual routine. if you don't believe me you can refer to Korean UFO hunter on YOU TUBE. He has also witnessed it with me most of the time.
I am also anxious to know whey BTU appears every night in northern Kyunggi Province so fervently without a day off.  
REAL AREA 51 IS IN KOREA!!
