{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-12 19:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5290192.json","updb_database_id":5290192}
Large silent aircraft slow, low flying w/ flashing lights, hovers

At exactly 7:58 this evening, my dog started barking in an unusual manner outside. On our back deck at 7:59 PM I recorded 2 videos of what I perceived to be a fairly large aircraft flying very slowly, low over my house at first, then just over treetops from a 230* SW direction towards NW 316*. By the naked eye, it had three prominent white lights blinking together, alternating with a very bright red light, but in between that pattern there were other flashes on the craft and seemingly around it/beside it, unknown if this was another craft or attached to it (maybe larger than I thought). The videos, when slowed down, shows every color on the rainbow. I went inside after losing sight of it, but when my dog barked again 5 minutes later, I went back out to find it flying over my house again opposite the original direction, towards 178* S, where it went into the woods in National Forrest land- it disappeared from sight and I am unsure if it landed back there or if the mountain blocked my view. Glassy Mountain does have a landing pad on it and is in that general direction from here, unknown for sure. Its flight path was very smooth but not steady: slow drifting to the side, decelerating with several seconds of hovering multiple times, then accelerating again. It was completely silent, during and after- no sound whatsoever. 
A very similar completely silent craft (see video number 3) actually landed in the woods SW of my house, fairly close but on my neighbors property, on November 18, 2020 at 10:44 PM. Similar colors, flight characteristics. Other flashing lights are seen flying beside and around the craft at various points on different flight paths, not seen by naked eye. Dog also went crazy barking and tore after it that night, alerting me to its presence. Tried to check out that area the next day but no trespassing is strictly enforced by our friendly neighbor, so unable to reach area. 
 Pictures below are still frames from the video. Someone talented in audiovisual effects could probably change the contrast and lighting and pick up on the actual form of the craft, but I am not that person.
