{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5517192.json","updb_database_id":5517192}
Formation flight of three orange glowing silent objects above Cornelius, NC

I have to preface this observation by saying that I am a 52 year old business owner, student pilot, and life long aviation enthusiast. I am constantly looking skyward to observe aircraft and weather patterns, and have been doing so since I was a child. I never saw anything like I observed on the night of July 4, 2012.

That night at 11:30PM I went outside to walk my two dogs on a grass common area about 100 feet south of my condo. It was a very clear moon lit night. The holiday fireworks celebrations had mostly ended by 10 PM at my lakeside community. It was very quiet except for the distant sound of an errant firecracker pop.

I was facing south looking into the night sky as I usually do. The moon was low and large to the southeast. I saw an orange object appear over the tree line to my right, from the west, heading east-southeast. My first thought was that it was a fireworks rocket at its apogee about to explode but soon realized it was on a flat track and was not something small at a low altitude but something large at about 5000 feet above the ground. I knew it was not not an airplane. It was completely silent and bright orange, flying slowly. It lacked the blinking strobe lights of aircraft flying at night and was in airspace that rarely has east west traffic at that altitude except for small general aviation planes. Airliners headed in this direction usually use airways behind me to the north of where I was observing this object.

As I was watching it move eastward another identical object appeared over the tree line flying at the same speed and altitude behind and to the left of the first objects flight path, and then a third, flying directly behind the first objects flight path, behind and to the right of the second object. This was a triangular formation flight of three objects identical in color and shape. I was startled. I now knew I was seeing something quite unusual. I noticed my pule rate increasing. I felt excited. I have only one other time observed formation flight in this area. It was C-130s in a daytime flight of two from the National Guard base about 20 miles south of my location. C-130s make a familiar and distinguishable sound, and don't glow orange. 

I had my cell phone in my pocket. I grabbed it and fumbled to get the camcorder app loaded. With no zoom and limited capability I filmed what I could. The camera made the objects seem further away, and by the time I actually started recording one of the objects disappeared over the tree line. To get some perspective I lowered the viewing angle to try and get the tree tops in view, but it brought the moon into the picture and I quickly lost the second and then the third object. 

I was excited by what I saw. In all the years I have observed the night sky I never saw anything that flew slowly, silently, glowed orange and was in formation. When I played the clip back on my phone, I noticed I said the word "red". Im not sure why. The other noise is ambient sound, and not from what I was recording. I stayed outside a few minutes more to see if I would see anything else, but nothing came into view except for an airliner flying to the north, at a higher altitude than what I had observed the other objects earlier. I could hear it clearly, and its strobe lights were easy to see.

The class B airspace from KCLT airport to the south starts at 3000 msl above the spot where I made this observation, so these objects would have been within the radar coverage area of the airport. I went to FlightAware.com to see if there was anything flying like my observation at that time and there wasnt. This could only mean the objects were military or were flying VFR without a flight plan (aircraft need specific permission from ATC to do this in class B airspace but then their radar track as far as I know would show up), or objects that eluded detection.
    

Thank you for looking into this,

XXXX

Feel free to call: ***-***-****
