{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2787,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5496192.json","updb_database_id":5496192}
Blue and white moving stars followed by 2 helicopters

While sliding in the snow in the backyard, my son started looking at the stars. At precisely 18:05 he pointed to a moving star. I first thought it was a plane. But then I saw a very faint blue object (same size as a moving satellite) in front of it. Both objects did not make any noises what so ever. The white object was the same size as the North star. Both objects kept the exact same distance between them as they crossed the sky from West to East. They appeared to be higher than commercial jet flights, but the white light was too large for a satellite/space station type object. Both moved slower than a commercial jet, at about the speed of a slow moving cessna. It was strange seeing the blue satellite like object in an exactly straight line in front of the white object. The distance between the two appeared to be between 4 and 5 cm (when looking at a satellite), meaning a fairly good distance at that height I suppose. Then 10 minutes later (18:15) a helicopter flew in the exact same trajectory and it seemed to be at a higher altitude than I normally see helicopters. It also sounded like a newer type model (less noise making than traditional military black helicopters). What I found strange is that after it was quite past us to the East, it all of a sudden started having a strange red flashing light pattern: long flash, short flash. It continued with that light flashing pattern until I lost view of it. Then at 18:25, we saw another helicopter, this one was somewhat lower in altitude and sounded like the typical military type helicopter, again, flying in the same trajectory. I have seen many times satellites fly in the night sky, including the space station, as well as commercial planes, but this was quite different. No noise. No flashing lights. What are the chances of seeing a small blue star followed by a large white start, both in a perfect straight line, both keeping the exact same distance between them, yet flying slower than commercial airplanes (and much slower than satellites do). And 2 helicopters? I figure it's the military that sent them to persuade people that they saw helicopters, not moving UFOs.
