{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522192","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/192/mufon-5522192.json","updb_database_id":5522192}
Re: Large dull black craft

Just read report from MO, US: motivated me to report our sighting from last year...
Two witnesses, a little after 9PM. Late October, 2010. Ontario Canada.
We were outside looking at stars on clear cold night, fullish moon was behind us, behind house not causing much light pollution, but did illuminate a few wispy clouds low in the horizon in direction we were looking.
A dark craft's appearance in front of the 'litup' clouds caught my attention. I would guess for the first 3/4 or 1 second I was thinking 'Wow a stealth bomber', but within a second or so my mind realized something was weird about this craft which was flying approx. south to north across our field of view.
Less than 2 seconds after first sighting the craft, it made a few violent horizontal zig zag motions (no banking, while not moving forward) completely defying physics. Without moving forward it almost immediately, shifted its position a couple hundred feet away from us, then a few hundred feet closer (i.e. 200 ft away, then 400 ft back so closer), then a third zag so was about half way back to its original location, then continued on its original flight path. (approx south to north) 
The craft was dark triangle wider than long, similar in ratio to the B2 stealth bomber (without the cutouts at back). It was approx. 500-1000 ft away at approx. 200-500 ft above ground. Like report from MO,US the characteristics that were the most striking were the complete absence of sound and the way it slipped through the air 'gliding' at such a smooth and constant rate (other than the brief zig-zag) that it stood out as odd. I have thought about that many times, and my best guess is that when we see an airplane moving through the air it must have tiny fluctuations in velocity, yaw, altitude or combination that are extremely tiny but that we can register. And when an object moves in front of you with an exact smooth path, with ZERO fluctuations in path or speed it stands out as looking odd.
Anyway, the craft we saw did not appear to have the mist that you describe around it, but did appear to have a very faint distortion of atmosphere around it, maybe heat waves ? The craft had several very very very dim lights clustered around the wing tips approx. 5/6 per side. The 'lights' did not appear to be emitting light but closer to infrared (similar in some ways to the infrared LEDS on security cameras). This is not a case where 'we think we saw something', this thing was pretty close, could see the shape clearly. If it was a plane it would have been very loud, but NO (ZERO) sound. Unfortunately because of the angle and darkness we did not get a good idea of how thick the craft was (height). We can describe and draw (we did) the bottom shape of the craft with some detail, but sorry no info on 3D shape and detail on top.
The craft traveled away from us, then it simply vanished. We were looking at it, it was darker than the sky behind it, as it got farther away (< 1 km away) we just instantly lost sight of it. Could be that it just faded into night sky, but it did feel as though it instantly disappeared... 
Total duration of sighting 6-8 seconds.
