{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-01 18:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456777","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3007,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/777/mufon-5456777.json","updb_database_id":5456777}
{rjl} Hovering UFO - Glowing Circles in Disc Shape

Approximately 6:32 PM on December 1st I was heading home from work. I head North on Hurricane Creek Road in Hurricane, WV, and as I was driving towards the entrance ramp to Interstate 64 heading West towards Huntington, WV I saw three bright glowing circles lined closely in a row horizontally in the middle of the sky. I thought it was parking lot lights at first since we have shopping plaza to the NW sitting on a hill. I realized there was nothing in the direction of the lights/disc for it to be attached to or to be anchored to. Instead of turning on to Interstate 64, I continued to head North to continue viewing the lights/disc. The UFO was hovering in place, then went straight up a few centimeters as I was viewing it. It then continued to hover in place. I turned left on to Grace Drive to get a better look at it at a higher location. I continued West on Grace Drive and looked to my right and saw the UFO still there, but unsure if was still hovering or if it moved a little further West. I turned South into the Walmart parking lot and then headed East for a few feet and then looked out the left window of my car. The UFO was completely gone. I continued to head East to leave the Walmart parking lot back to Grace Drive and East towards Hurricane Creek Road where I saw the object clearly and for a few minutes. I turned South on to Hurricane Creek Road and East on to Saturn Way to try and look towards the West to see if it had gone behind some trees. I was unable to locate it as of 6:36 PM. The object had three glowing circles which were lit up as bright as led headlights on a car and were as large as headlights on a car. They were in a row horizontally with a small space in between each one. The light was so bright it prevented me from seeing the remainder of the object. It was either a dull color or was not visible at all. The two images I included is an edit of the location where I saw the object hovering. I was unable to get a photo of it, but I drew the image in its place. The second is a map of my route when I first initially saw the object and then after I lost sight of it.
