{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-05-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490777","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/777/mufon-5490777.json","updb_database_id":5490777}
{jpg} Lighted pyramidal object traveling parallel to Interstate 40 in Arkansas

I was driving home from college, and had gotten onto Interstate 40 at Brinkley, Arkansas traveling west. The sun was down and the sky was dark since no moon was out, and traffic was somewhat sparse. Shortly after getting onto the interstate, I saw a cluster of lights to the southwest slowly flying over the trees on the south side of the interstate. I pulled onto the shoulder, stopped, and got out of the car to better observe the lights. At this point, they were nearly due south of me, moving to the east parallel to the highway. There were four red lights, arranged in the shape of a triangular pyramid (3 making a triangle at the bottom, and one at the top completing three more triangles with the bottom lights). In the center of each of the visible faces was a white light. The three red lights pulsated in intensity in a seemingly random pattern, though each individual red light pulsed at the same rate. The white lights were constant, except for one time. Because it was dark, I could not see anything besides the lights, but it appeared as though the lights were part of a single craft. The craft moving east, with one of the bottom red lights pointed in the direction of travel. At one point, the white light on the face opposite the direction of travel brightened for a few seconds, and when it did the craft accelerated. When that white light returned to its original brightness, the movement of the craft returned to its original speed. Nobody else on the interstate seemed to take notice of the lights, as traffic in both directions continued unaffected. And even though there was the sound of the traffic, there were enough gaps between vehicles that I could tell there was no apparent noise coming from the craft. After a few minutes of watching the craft head toward the horizon, I got back in my car and continued on my way.

Several days later, I was telling the event to some friends who were knowledgeable about aircraft. With one exception, they said that the configuration of lights didn't match any known aircraft. The one exception might be a Sikorsky Skycrane helicopter, and that the brightening of the light might have been one of the crew turning on a light for the cargo area. I'm unfamiliar with the lights on a Skycrane, but I am familiar with the helicopter itself - a large, heavy lift helicopter capable of carrying a small house. In fact, I had the opportunity not long after the sighting to see one land on the quad at my college. Before I even knew it was there, I heard it fly over the building I was in. The powerful engines and rotors shook the building so hard I thought the windows would break. I went out front to watch the thing land about 100 yards from the entrance to the building. I realized at that time that the craft I had seen near the interstate could not possibly have been a Skycrane, because a Skycrane has a definite, deafening sound, whereas the craft I had seen was completely silent.
