{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-16 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286777","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":19296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/777/mufon-5286777.json","updb_database_id":5286777}
My sister and I noticed an extremely bright light in our kitchen with no light source. Brighter than anything we have ever seen before.

On June 16th at around 9:50pm, my aunt Goldie and sister Hanah were standing in the bed of my aunts truck unloading my sisters bigger items and handing them to my mother and I who were standing on the ground in between the truck and front porch of my trailer. Our grandmother was standing on the porch waiting to help us grab something. As I was standing there waiting as well, I noticed an extra glow-y starlike thing directly in front of my vison but further out, kind of above the treetops. I watched it for about two minutes straight just wondering if it was something other than a star. So I finally said aloud, "Do you guys see that light over there in the sky?" And as I pointed it out to all of them they instantly noticed it and agreed it was very very bright. Almost immediately the starlike thing began to float up higher and then to the left and right. As we were all watching this glow-y thing move in ways a normal star doesn't, my sister, mother, and I got super excited and decided to call to it and ask if it would come closer to us. As my aunt and grandma stood there amazed but in disbelief they said, "That's a satellite, nothing else." However, we kept watching it and calling to it, and no sooner, this glow-y star that I had been watching in the sky is coming in our direction.. about to fly right over top of our heads. Slowly but surely the light came up over our heads traveling in one steady path. As it got closer and closer we all noticed it actually had white and red lights on its exterior. However, we could not see the crafts body, even though it was 20- 30ft directly above us. The craft was silent the entire time, from first noticing it to having it fly over our heads. We watched as it flew away, traveling in one steady path quiet as ever. After that we had all came to the conclusion that that was a UFO. 

On Thursday June 24th at 9:40pm my sister and I arrived home. We knew there was a strawberry supermoon that night so we immediately sat our things inside and ran back out to look at the moon. The moon was extremely big and very rosy. It was completely visible from the small field beside the trailer. My sister and I ran out into the middle of the field to get the best view. Right away we noticed a huge bright "star" directly above us. Once again as we were watching it, it started to move and twirl in different patterns and directions. It even appeared to get brighter and move closer to us. We were very excited and nervous. At that same time, Dustin my friend was coming down from his parents house, so we yelled for him to come see this craft that was above us. We had been watching the craft for at least 10 to 15 minutes before Dustin came over, and once he was there he was able to immediately pin point what we were seeing. He saw the craft dance in the sky directly above us, then out of no where two other lights popped up around the bigger one. We watched the smaller ones for approximately two minutes before they disappeared. After about 30 minutes Dustin had to stop watching to go do his school work. Hanah and myself continued to watch the night sky. We saw multiple crafts going in and out of the sky all around us, and what appeared to be formations (something we had never seen before and we watch the night sky all the time.) Not long after Dustin had gone inside we heard what sounded like a radar or doppler noise ground level in the field with us. We were super freaked out, so we ran towards the trailer. The sound continued to get louder and closer to where we were, which was all the way by the porch at this point. I actually was able to get the sound on one of our videos. Getting a little nervous we went inside to have Dustin come hear the sound. He immediately heard the sound and had no idea what it could have been. My sister and I calmed down inside, got something to drink and were still feeling curious so we went back outside with a blanket to lay on. We wanted to lay in the yard so that we could be close to the trailer. As we were laying there, multiple of what we call starcrafts (starlike crafts) and tricrafts (triangular shaped crafts with blinking/pulsating lights) were juking, jiving and flying above us. I noticed one tricraft specifically that appeared in the sky and pointed it out to Hanah, it was off to the left of us. The tricraft appeared to be following a straight path when we looked away for a moment and looked back, the craft appeared to have back tracked on the same path. As we were staring at the night sky we remember how clear and visible it was because of the supermoon. 

At this point, my sister and I had been outside almost all night and decided to go in. We didn't want to stop watching though. So I suggested to turn off all the lights in the living room and kitchen of the trailer so we could see the sky more clearly. Hanah and I went to grab ourselves some comfy chairs and park them right by the window side by side. As I grabbed my chair from the back bedroom I saw Dustin working on his assignments for college and told him what we were doing now. Then I went out the the kitchen to meet my sister we sat down and instantly started noticing multiple tricrafts in the sky flying all different directions. Our quiet whispers slowed to a stop and it became silent. About 3 minuets later we both noticed a bright circular light shining on the wall between the windows, above our heads. We simultaneously began to search for the light source. I looked left, she looked forward and outside right, I slowly turned right until eventually looking directly behind us and that's when I noticed something peculiar. There was a lot of light, so much I could barely make out what I was looking at. However I saw a large oval light within the center of the kitchen. Sub-consciously I could recognize that directly behind us was the kitchen table and the island behind that. However, I barely could see due to the intensely bright light. I slowly looked back at my sister and she looked back at me. Immediately she said to me "I hear a hovering noise..." Right as she finished saying that we heard a low "whoom whoom whoom" sound above us. I darted for the kitchen light to my right, flicked it on and looked at my sister. We both agreed that we felt like someone or something was watching us and decided to duck down and hide from the windows. At this point, sitting side by side behind the island on its furthest side, we were frozen with fear and shock, we were silent. It was dead silent in the room except for one light dripping sound. I looked at the kitchen sink that was to my left and watched the faucet to see if it was dripping. A moment goes by, I hear the "drip dip" but cant find the source. I asked my sister if she heard that sound and told her to listen. She said "That's just the sink Hade" and I said, "No look at the faucet..!" Hanah was chilled to her core when she saw that there wasn't any water coming from the faucet hitting the sink. We stayed behind the island. Dustin came out about 10 minutes later. He said, "What's going on? I thought you guys left? I heard a whoom whoom whoom sound." That's when we all three talked about what just happened, that we heard and saw something. By this time, it was 11:30pm. Hanah and I wanted to call our mom and grandma to have them come pick us up. However, we didn't want to leave Dustin alone, so we told them not to come. Our mom and grandma came anyway to see what was going on for themselves. Once they were here, Hanah and I took them both outside to see the starcrafts and tricrafts. At first, they saw a bunch of starcrafts taking off sporadically. Then I suggested that we meditate to try and communicate. I learned this from Dr. Steven Greer (the CE5 protocol). Hanah, myself, my mom and grandma all thought telepathically that we wanted to see a craft up close and that we are friendly. Seconds later, as we opened our eyes a tricraft was directly above us, slowly and so close that we could all see the shape, lights and size, as well as the waves coming off the back. It flew over head and we watched as it went off into the distance. Because it was so late our mom and grandma had to leave (about 2:30am). Hanah and I decided to call it a night and went to bed. 

I want to add that we have also been experiencing paranormal activity as well. Things such as, Hanah's bed shaking, an angel necklace of mine being destroyed but still in the same place I left it. We also heard someone come in the trailer once this week and no one was there. Now I would like to continue on with the extraterrestrial events that proceeded to happen. 

On Friday June 25th, around 11:00pm. Hanah, myself and our cousin Brooke came to the trailer to get some belongings for the night as we planned on staying at Brooke's apartment. After gathering the stuff, we asked Brooke if she wanted to see the UFOs. Of course she said yes. We stood out in the driveway beside my car and waited while trying to communicate telepathically again. Brooke witnessed at least 4 starcrafts and 2 tricrafts before we left. We had to go because we all worked in the morning. 

On Saturday June 26th, Hanah and I got off work at the same time (around 4:00pm) and headed back to the trailer get changed and take care of our three cats. That night we had planned on going back to Brooke's since we left some of our things there last night. When we were finally ready to head to Brooke's for the second time, we watched the sky beside my car again. Hanah and I saw at least six or seven tricrafts pop up in the sky and move slowly past us. Hanah had mentioned that it was 10:30pm and because we had to work early the next day that we should get going. We both got in the car and started down the driveway. I stopped at the very end of the driveway and looked left, right and then finally left again and instantly noticed a tricraft flying approximately 30ft above the car heading behind the treetops directly behind the car. I got excited and pointed it out to Hanah and she hurried to get out and look but she had just missed it by a second. She got back in and I assured her it was the same as what we had been seeing except it was very close. It had a transparent triangular body with three lights, one on each point on the bottom of the craft. It was flying very slow, and as always, very silently. As we kept going down the road Hanah said she would keep an eye out for anything in the sky and would let me know if she sees anything. Approximately 5 minutes later Hanah was looking out her passenger window because she noticed one of the extremely bright starcrafts above and off to the right of us. As she was looking something close to the starcraft caught her eye. Approximately 30 to 50 feet above the car following directly over top was a huge craft with a big memorizing light in the center, that almost appeared to be multiple lights combined. Once she noticed the tricraft it took off forward and to the left. That's when I was able to finally see it in the front windshield. We watched the tricraft disappear in the distance, but still felt something was up. Hanah decided to look to her right and behind the car, there was the tricraft again following closely behind. We didn't stop the car so Hanah was really trying to pay attention. Once we were going past a field, the tricraft proceed to speed up to the speed of the car, it swooped down into the field, keeping eye to eye with Hanah's passenger window. The next thing she saw was 2 more tricrafts pop up near the one following us. The second one kept the same path as the first, but the 3rd tricraft was coming at an angle towards the car. We kept going and noticed the crafts would disperse and move away when we got close to homes or busy roads. However, they would pick back up on us and followed us the whole way to Brooke's apartment. Once we got out of the car there and looked up, it was extremely lit from the area being busy and it was foggy out, but right above us we could see at least 2 of the crafts moving. 

Sunday June 27th, during the day Hanah had asked her close friend Ben if he wanted to check out what we both have been seeing, extraterrestrial activity knowing that he was already a believer. My friend Dustin was also with us on this day. So at around 10pm Hanah, Ben, and myself all went outside to study the night sky. Almost immediately we all started seeing multiple starcrafts dancing throughout the sky. Hanah and I were careful to describe to Ben the things we have been seeing so that he could look for them as well. The starcrafts are sometimes very big and extra glow-y and other times very hard to see, nothing but a faint light darting around in outer space. They look as if they are coming closer and further from vision very quickly. I watch every "star" and study each one as I wait for it to take off in any single direction it wants. So, about 10 minuets go by, Dustin comes outside and goes back inside after seeing yet again what he has witnessed multiple times now. It is again, Hanah, Ben, and myself outside watching the sky in aw when suddenly Ben and I saw an extremely bright shooting star appear off to the right of our view. Ben goes to tell us how he's seen seven or eight shooting stars in his life but this one, was by far, the brightest he's ever seen. Ben then went inside where Dustin was to preheat the oven for a pizza. As soon as he went inside and it was only Hanah and myself outside near the trailer, we saw the tricrafts start to appear. At first it was one, then two, and the next thing we knew there were six of them in a group above the tree tops beside the trailer. It seemed like they were looking at us. We ran in to get Ben so he could see the tricrafts up close and no sooner we came out the six of them were gone. However, we stayed in the same area with Ben and about five or ten minutes went by when from above and behind the trailer we spotted a tricraft. It flew very slowly over top Hanah, Ben and I. Ben could see that it was not a manmade craft by how it was moving and how close it was. Also, there wasn't any noise coming from it. We were all standing there in amazement. Ben had to go in once again to get the pizza out of the oven. He was supposed to come right back out with Dustin, but Hanah and I were outside alone for about twenty minutes. within that time frame we moved from the spot where we were with Ben to in the driveway where my car is. We could see inside the kitchen windows where Dustin and Ben were talking and eating pizza. It didn't take Hanah and I long to realize that we were surrounded by over 100 tricrafts. Although we have been seeing a lot of them we never saw this many around us at once. We were trying not to be scared because they hadn't done anything to us. We were trying to communicate telepathically to ask them if they would speak back. Hanah and I were gripping each other's arm and being very quiet, just whispering to each other about how many we were seeing. Hanah said that she got a piercing headache and wanted to know if mine hurt as well, but it didn't. The next thing that happened was genuinely horrific. We heard a very loud snarl and snap, the snap happened twice. Of what sounded like a demonic large dog snapping it's teeth at us on our right sides. We both simultaneously looked over, quickly obviously, but didn't see a single thing. No silhouette, no glowing animal eyes, nothing. But the pure panic and shock hit us very hard considering it was previously eerily quiet... We instantly screamed and took off running for the porch. She was a foot in front of me running but I could feel myself starting to fall because I wasn't in control of my legs. I slowly began to fall directly on my face and right arm. I, for a brief moment stopped screaming because I thought I was a dead woman. That's when my loving sister noticed I wasn't right behind her anymore and she couldn't hear me so she turned around and took off to come help me up. By the time she made it to me I managed to flip over on my back and began to crawl backwards desperately, unable to get up, both of us screaming for our lives. Hanah, realizing I was in shock and unable to get up, starts dragging me up the porch when finally on the second step I get my footing and run up to the door with her where Dustin and Ben had JUST opened the door. Hanah and I ran in quickly screaming and crying. We were shaking.. I had mud all over me.. What had just happened to us? Needless to say we slept in the same room with each other that night. The next morning I talked with Dustin's father, my landlord to tell him that my sister and I were attacked by something that we couldn't see last night. He mentioned to me that he had seen a coyote earlier that day but he had only seen one. At that point I realized that Hanah and I were almost coyote chow while standing in my very own driveway. It is even freakier to know how rare it s for a coyote to come up to and attack two people. Not to mention how we couldn't see it, so that adds a lot of effect. I'd also like to mention that I have stood outside my house at night many many times but in particular, every night for the last week. Not once did we hear a single coyote howl. 

We would really like to speak with someone who maybe has more education on this topic. We have always been believers but never in a million years did we think this would happen to us. We are scared, nervous, and excited all at the same time. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
