{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-28 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285777","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117624","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/777/mufon-5285777.json","updb_database_id":5285777}
Sky Pulsed Red Twice and then UFO appears

At 9:40 PM (US EST) on 28 August 2021, there was first a thunderous rumble. I was watching TV with my wife, two children (7 and 12), and mother-in-law. Thus, there were three adults who witnessed the event; all were absolutely shocked by what we saw. My son started crying fanatically, whilst our cats went into a frenzy. At first, my mother-in-law asked if there was supposed to be thunder and lightning (there was no such weather forecast), as there was a loud roar coming from outside. When we looked out the living room window, the entire sky pulsed a bright orange/pink color. It was incredible and dramatic. I have never seen any atmospheric or weather phenomenon where the entire color of the sky so radically changed in a pulsing fashion. It went from being dark and mostly black to orange/pink within a second. After the first pulse, another one occurred 15-20 seconds later. It was at this point that I was absolutely dumbfounded by the crazy phenomenon. Minutes before the incident, the sky was so dark (nearly black). It was so beautiful and intense that I immediately grabbed my phone for the camera.

I opened the sliding glass door in our kitchen and descended a flight of stairs (2 steps). Instead of gradually fading out as the first pulse did, the second I walked outside down onto the stairs, the luminous pink glow immediately disappeared as if it reacted to me coming outside. It left a spooky haze over the night sky afterward for hours that was also quite unusual.

It is at this point that my daughter also comes outside as I begin filming the sky. I was hoping that I would be able to catch another pulse in the sky, as it was so weird and crazy, but instead, nothing appeared to happen. When I looked at my camera, however, I was again dumbstruck by what I saw. There was an oval, almost saucer-shaped light that was dancing about on the screen. It was incredibly bright and luminous, but small. It made sharp, quick movements and appeared to make close to 90-degree turns. The light dances about for a little over a minute before it shoots off and disappears in an instant. It could have just simply disappeared or disintegrated, it happened too quick to tell. I couldn't sleep all night as it was so profoundly shocking. My son also had nightmares and cried. We were all shaken up by the incident. My mother-in-law thought there could have been some kind of bomb or explosion that would have caused the sky to light up as it did, but nothing was in the news that night or this morning (day after).

About 20-30 minutes after the incident, we heard the distinct sound of military jets flying overhead, but we could not see them as it was so dark.

The video is of the dancing light that came right after the two pulses. The two drawings are included to give an idea of what the initial two pulses looked like (before and after). Lastly, I included a daytime photo of the exact place where I took the video (off my back porch).
