{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-28 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489777","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/777/mufon-5489777.json","updb_database_id":5489777}
Observed A Round Ball like structure flashing randomly but maintaing steady direction

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
On my Computer doing work.

2. What made you first notice the object?
Random flashing lights seemed to move around the object then appear to be random like it was moving around quickly.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
A Plane

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

Noticed from the corner of my eye flashing lights which was associated with a dome like structure in the middle of these flashing lights, I'll describe the motion as this. 

The lights consisted of random flashes, 1 very bright flash, the other a dull flash plus about 3 to 4 completely random flashes with red and a white/orange colour which spanned about 2 to 5 cm mind you I noticed this from about 2 to 4km away, it's difficult to tell as it actually looked like the object or objects were teleporting.

It may have been multiple objects or it could have been one whole object, however I did see a glowing dull, near black circle, solid shape in the middle which seemed to be getting reflected from the lights. I noticed this from east to south east before it got a little further out I lost sight of the black reflection full glowing circle. I followed this object from east to south east and to the south before it maintained a steady motion to south west. 

It seemed like it was stopping for half a second but still maintaining a steady direction. Probably because of the lights which seemed to scout ahead about 5cm according to the pattern, which seemed completely random at times. Another big thing is this object just seemed to flow the lights were somewhat dancing ahead. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

I felt really ill for some reason I wanted to be sick as I was watching this object pass by.

At first I thought it was a plane however the lights were way to random and huge. I feel really confused and still a little ill, I'm really not to sure what I saw only to say I feel quite depressed and in deep thought. 

6. How did you lose sight of the object?

I lost sight because of houses, went to far west.
