{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-04 06:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6082","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5549114.json","updb_database_id":5549114}
Sectioned and tiered, several lights, long, slow, maybe 5-10,000 ft. alt. faded or "blended into the sky"

My wife and I were driving to Greeley on I-76 and pulled over near the weigh station, around mile marker 77, after she noticed the object in the sky. We watched until it faded, or, as I think of it, blended in with the sky. The object flew slower than a jetliner, was very long and seemed to be in rectangular sections that were stepped or tiered. There were several lights on the object. Some were bright, as at the nose and amidship about 3/4 of the way back, and some were dull, but they appeared to be individual lights. I remember one being blue, and it had one bright white blinking light. No red lights were present. It seemed to me that the lights reflected a highly polished chrome-like surface that was difficult to make out because it seemed to take on or highly reflect the color of the dark sky. The lights on the body made the object stand out and suggested its shape of being tiered rectangular sections. It flew north to south. It appeared to my field of vision underneath the nearly- full moon. It wasn't that far off the ground. I'd guess 5-10,000 feet, about the altitude of a small plane. We watched until it faded. We should have been able to see it for a longer period, but it faded tail first, and the last we saw were the bright lights on its nose.

The object was definitely not some kind of meteorite broken apart as the pieces would have been flying apart and burning. This was not burning. All of the lights were at uniform distance relative to one another and moved at uniform speed. I immediately believed the object to be some kind of ship. It was definitely a manufactured object. My wife says that it appeared to emit a vaporous trail behind it, but I didn't see that.

Unfortunately, we did not have a camera. However, numerous others saw the object as well we later found out from a friend who was listening to the radio.
