{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-10-30 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5490114.json","updb_database_id":5490114}
{rjl} Lived in base housing. Dad was a naval chief for the U.S. Military. Sister, BF and I were babysitting for a neighbor. Stepped out front and saw the biggest aircraft I have ever seen. It was huge and has changed my life ever since.

My sister, best friend and I were babysitting for a neighbor just a few houses down from where we lived so this neighbor could go to our mom and dads Halloween party that night. My Dad was a naval chief for the U.S. Military and we were living in Concord California in base housing. There was a very large naval weapons station with multiple underground bunkers into the hills right behind our home. It was around 10pm the night of October 30th 1994. I was 12 years old and my sister was 13 at the time. We were not supposed to be smoking nor was my best friend supposed to be there but the 3 of us went out front to sneak us a cigarette and when we walked outside we saw the biggest aircraft I have ever seen hovering over us not more then probably 20 feet or less right above our heads. It was very large, round, metallic looking, small windows all around it, big red light right in the center with yellow, green, blue and red lights pulsating very brightly all around it. It was very large in size. 3 to 400 feet wide or more. It didn't make a sound. We all just stood there ... We didn't even breath out of shock as to what our eye balls were even seeing. The silence seemed to last forever!! It couldn't have been longer then a minute or two of us just staring at this thing. We were so terrified we didn't dare even make a sound or take a breath. Then suddenly this very loud pitch beeping sound came into my ears ... Like a dog whistle if I was to try and compare the sound to something familiar. I was the first one to start running as fast as I could into the house. The sound it gave off really made me wake up to what it was that was actually going on. I was terrified and ran. My sister and friend stayed out there and watched it shoot off very fast into the night. Again she said the thing didn't even make a sound when it took off. Honestly.... I don't really remember much after that except we called our parents in a frenzy and they did not believe us. Glad to say that they do now😀. Anyways.... Thank you for reading my story and actually giving me a place to be able to share it. This sighting so long ago has really changed my life and the person I probably would not be today had I not experienced something so traumatic as that. I'll never forget it and am just very great up I was not alone that night. I do not think I would have even believed it myself had I not had my sister and friend there to tell me they seen it too! Craziest thing to date I have ever seen. Thanks for allowing me to share.
