{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-02 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84148","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8118,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5476114.json","updb_database_id":5476114}
{jpg} extremely bright orange light floated silently by, could not see structure, just very bright shining orange ball of light

I have written this report specifically following your outline:

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
2. What made you first notice the object?
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
6. How did you lose sight of the object?

1. Family went to bed, I took the dog out for a walk, sometime around 11:15PM ET, can't be sure of exact time I wasn't looking at the clock. Walked the dog around the back yard, it was a very clear night, was looking at the stars and saw nothing out of the ordinary. Walked to the front of the house and down the sidewalk of my street (typical residential neighborhood) for about 300 feet before turning around to walk back. That is when I noticed a light through the trees. I live near multiple small airports and assumed it was a low flying plane.

2. I noticed a light through the trees along my street as I was walking back toward my house. As I walked around the tree the object was in full view. It was fairly low, I'm not sure of the exact angle above the horizon, but maybe just a little higher than I would fly my drone.

3. When I first saw the light through the trees, I immediately thought it was a low flying aircraft, we have many of them, including a helicopter with a very bright light that flies a route near my house almost every night. Once I walked around the tree and saw the object in full view I knew it was not a "normal" aircraft.

4. The object was a very bright orange colored light. It moved at a constant speed from the south-west to the north-east, which put it roughly above and slightly behind/over my house as it moved across my field of view. This also happens to be the approximate direction that most wind and storms move through our area, although I also noticed that there was not much wind/breeze at all outside (at least at ground level where I was) - it was a completely clear night. The altitude did not seem to change at all, if I had to guess I would say it was between 1000-1500 ft but since I couldn't tell the size of the object that is only my best guess. It just moved along at a constant speed and direction like it was on a wire, until it faded into the distance. It was very quiet, I did not hear any engine noise at all, neither a drone of an airplane, nor the whir of drone motors, nothing. The object was so bright, it looked like a twinkling light, meaning that light seemed to radiate from the center of it out in all directions. It didn't pulsate or change brightness, but just had the radiating star-like effect because the light was so bright. I also noticed that it was orange colored which struck me as odd since really bright lights are usually white or even blueish as is the case with some newer car headlights, yet this light was definitely orange, not deep orange like a pumpkin, yet decidedly of an orange color verses bright white. Many times I have seen bright white lights, which if watched long enough, resolve themselves to be airplanes which are viewed head on with very bright landing lights turned on. This object, the entire time I watched it pass by me, had no strobing aircraft anti-collison lights anywhere, no red, no white, just the constant very bright sparkling orange light. It was moving at a "medium" speed, I would say I was able to watch it for a 60-90 seconds as it crossed in front of me and continued off, fading in the distance.

5. My reaction was surprise but not fear. As I moved around the tree I expected to see airplane lights, as mentioned we have many where I live. When I first realized that it was not the expected airplane lights, I still thought perhaps if I watched it long enough I would see a "normal" airplane marker (anti-collison) light, but the longer I watched, the more surprised I became that this was unlike anything I have ever seen before. Surprisingly I didn't feel scared since it seemed to be moving along it's own path and didn't turn towards me specifically. I stood there on the sidewalk in amazement trying to figure what it could be. I looked at my dog to see if she was reacting in any way (many times I have read that dogs react in fear to "UFOs"), but she did not have any reaction at all, and didn't look at it. I would describe myself as "cautiously curious" regarding UFOs. They are one of my favorite topics of interest, yet while part of me wants to know if they are real (can all those people reporting them be lying???), another part of me hopes they aren't real. Also, if they are "real", I don't know if they are possibly some earthly phenome - what I am trying to say is I am not a tin-foil hat wearing UFO nut. I am also a scientist (bachelor of science in computer engineering) so I tend to approach things looking for a scientific explanation. I myself have a DJI Phantom drone and I have a very bright LED light I can attach and fly it around at night, so I am familiar with what that looks like (and even it has blinking marker lights). I can't figure out how someone could float a balloon with enough power to be as sparkling bright as the object I saw. Also I don't think a balloon would move at the steady medium pace that this object did on a calm night. But here is the strangest part to me...I just recently found a copy of the book "Project Identification" on ebay and have spent the last week reading it, and have almost completed it as I found it pretty fascinating (it is an account of an investigation of a UFO flap in the 1970's by a university physicist, no longer in print). Many (most?) of their "UFOs" were similar to the sighting I just had. I have had an interest/curiosity in UFOs all my life, and I have talked to many people who claimed to have seen one, but I have never seen one. As mentioned, I'm not a "UFO nut", I don't own any other "UFO" books, yet I buy this one, am absorbed all week reading it, then take my dog out for a walk and "bam!" I see an orange floating/sparking orb float by unlike anything I have ever seen in my life. It just seems like the most amazing of coincidences (which, coincidentally, is what happens a lot in "Project Identification", many things the author calls "coincidences"). If anything disturbs me about this sighting, it is probably the weird timing that I would see something like this just when these types of sightings (glowing orbs, etc.) were on my mind. Last thing: I didn't have my cell phone or any other camera with me since I was only taking the dog out for a short walk. I thought of running into the house for a video camera, but figured by the time I did so the "object" would already be fading from view. I kept standing there trying to ascertain any clue as to what it could be, and was afraid I might miss something if I ran into the house for a camera (boy I wish I had one!). Unfortunately no such clue ever showed itself, just the same sparkling orange light the whole time.

6. The object moved at a constant speed and seemingly in a straight line from south-west to north-east. I watched it until it faded in the distance in the night sky. It didn't disappear or wink out, it just faded into the distance.

I have never submitted anything to MUFON before, but maybe (hopefully) this will be helpful to someone.
