{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-06 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56906","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4571,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5502114.json","updb_database_id":5502114}
{dr}saw a very bright light change directions, disapear, then reappear and move not in a straight line

i am an insomniac and a smoker who often stargazes late at night. i have never before seen anything strange in the sky. right around 4:30am May 6th 2014 i noticed 2 small planes who almost look like they were on a collision course seeming to head into the local johnson county executive airport near my house. One from the west and the other from the south. it caught my eye and seemed odd. Two planes so close to each other (from my view at least)seeming to be coming in for landings at the same time was something i had never seen before. slightly above these two planes in the distance a BRIGHT light caught my eye. two to three times brighter than a bright star or planet with no blinking lights like on the planes i usually see. the light moved very slow and steady from west to east not covering much distance at all. i wrote down the viewing at around 15 seconds but it had me so mesmerized it had to be 30 or more with time for the planes to clear and the sound from them gone. the light slowed to a stop and disappeared shooting in a different direction to the south so fast with a slight tail like streak and gone. over the next five minutes i saw 2 blinks of light from the area it disappeared in. i went inside to get my phone so i could document the time and came back out. in awe of what i had seen i continued to watch that same area of the sky. at exactly 4:48am in the same small area of the sky i see a similar if not the same bright object moving south to south east. it wasn't moving in a straight flight pattern but not quite zigzagging either. i wrote down viewing time for 12 seconds but once again with my amazement distracting me it could of been closer to 30 moving slow and steady. then the object disappeared is the same area. one blink from the same area a couple minutes later. i was SPOOKED! 5am i came inside and wrote all this down. a full page of descriptions, thoughts, times, etc. i am an amateur astronomer at best but my good friend (who teaches astronomy at a local college)and i have been out many nights a few years back with large telescopes tracking and photographing the moon and various planets. i have seen all kinds of planes (which usually at night you can see their blinking lights even at great altitudes), choppers, blimps, satellites, meteors and it resembled nothing i had ever seen before. no tail except when it disappeared at great rate of speed in a different direction. the light moved abnormally slow and high in the sky way to slow to be a meteorite or a satellite. i did some research the next day and found out that the Eta Aquarids meteor shower was peaking that night. i am ashamed to say i had never heard of this meteor shower before. i stayed up until 6am the following evening to watch the shower while it was still in its peak and saw many meteors. these meteors all having long tails streaking across the sky in the blink of an eye but were nothing like what i saw on the previous night. i have questioned reporting this for a month now but believe with more educated eyes possibly watching the skies that night and the two planes in the vicinity that there is a high possibility that someone else may have seen it also. i do not believe that this was part of the meteor shower but that's just my opinion. i have no idea what it was. july 6th 2014 around 3:25am i saw something very similar fly across the sky. it was a very bright light just like what i saw before. no blinking lights. flying from north to south southeast. it cleared the entire skyline in under a minute until it was out of view. it cleared more distance in so little time than i have ever seen. it gave me chills. i am a hardcore skeptic but am open mined. i do not know what i saw but these two incidents were nothing like i have ever seen before. an email reply would be nice on any thought or similar reports on these dates and times.
