{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5478114.json","updb_database_id":5478114}
{cak} I was awe-struck and convinced I did not witness this event. It was an amazing sight.

I sleep soundly. Sometime in mid-November 2016, my dog started barking which woke me up around 1:30 am. I thought she had to use the bathroom, so I took her outside in the backyard. The backyard has an in-ground pool and fence. Behind the backyard is a 12-acre common area. At the end of this common area is a wooded section with lots of trees. My dog ran to the left corner of the house facing the front yard/street . . . and was barking. She ran to the right corner of the house facing the front yard/street . .and was barking. She repeated this four times until I finally stopped her and brought her inside the house. Each time she was barking.  She never did go to the bathroom. 

I thought maybe she heard someone in front of the house or sometimes we have deer that cross through our development.  From inside the house, I looked out a front window. I saw a huge bright round light. The light was extremely bright similar to an LED light, but the light was yellow in nature. The light had defined edges, no overspray of light. I walked outside onto my front porch to see if I could get a better view. There were no sounds or noises. I walked back into the house and watched from the front window.  After a few seconds, a beam of light stretched from the round light to the road. This beam of light was the width of a car. It originated from the bright round light and stretched to the road. I could see the light on the road. The beam of light lasted a couple of seconds and then it retracted back to the bright round light and then both lights disappeared immediately. The entire sighting lasted approximately 8 seconds. I tried to justify that it was maybe a plane with a search light. But there was no sound of motors or anything. I wiped it out of my mind, until I witnessed another light on January 7, 2017. Now, I am convinced there is something to these experiences.
