{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-07-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36482","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2714,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5520114.json","updb_database_id":5520114}
Two lights, one absorbed by the other, then went right over our heads within about 400 feet and we could see it was a triangle

This witness does not have access to a computer. He relayed the following report to Vicki LeBlanc by telephone on 3/15/12.

In approximately 1986, I was outside with a friend (now deceased) in Marinette, WI; I was 42 at the time. We were in his front yard and had a fire going; we could see out over the bay (Lake Michigan.) In my first and only UFO or paranormal event, we saw two bright white lights, one a bit higher and brighter than the other. As we watched, we saw the lower light descend to above Egg Harbor, go up again and then descend over Sturgeon Bay, ascend up to above Fish Creek and then back to above Sturgeon Bay. Then the smaller light (1shuttle craft1) returned to and was absorbed by the larger light. Then, the larger light came right towards us and very slowly went almost directly right over our heads, approximately 400 feet away from us. It was huge 1 as large as the size ten 7471s would be. It seemed so close that I could throw a rock at it. It was in a very definite triangular shape, flat black and we could see 6-8 decks with what appeared to be windows sporadically lit. It did not have the three lights in the bottom corners as is often reported. While it seemed to be casting a light when we first saw it, there was no light cast down when it was directly overhead. The whole event lasted approximately 10 minutes. I did not see any bodies in the craft. The object flew over a nearby golf course and then just disappeared. My friend and I called the Menomonee Airport - they said they hadn1t seen anything. They gave us Sawyer AFB1s number and we called them also but they didn1t seem to have any information on the event either. They asked whether we wanted to make a report but we said no. I have no doubt that this was a UFO.

Neither I nor my friend suffered any ill effects or time loss. We didn1t notice any effects on animal or insect noises either 1 although we were so totally absorbed in seeing the craft that we may not have been aware of anything.
