{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-13 21:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5547114.json","updb_database_id":5547114}
Two, large, bright, yellowish brown lights close together, one slightly to the right, and above the other.

Tonight, at around 9:30-9:45pm, I was driving northbound on I10 coming in from Tucson. I was almost into phoenix, on the big long stretch of road that goes past fire bird raceway. Well I was looking around and noticed two bright yellow/orange lights in the sky to my left (that would be looking west). You can see the lights on the ground from buildings, these lights on the ground were obviously buildings but, the bright yellow lights I was seeing were definitely off the ground and a lot bigger than the ones on the ground. Well, they lingered for a few seconds then DISAPPEARED, then, REAPPEARED below and behind their original location a second or two later! I drove on and the lights kept doing this behavior parallel to me, they were moving along with me, I'd drive for a few miles and they would reappear right there with me, they were moving too. They were always brilliant, and always off the ground. I had my camera with me ( which has a little video option on it) and took some video and took a couple pictures of it. I would pull over, film the thing for a bit, get back on the road, pull over, film it again. You can see in the video that it keeps reappearing a few miles down the road just as I am doing. I pulled over to the side of the road about 4 times to catch it on video. By the fourth time I pulled over to film it, I got really anxious and scared, I told myself, enough of this, I cant take this, and drove the rest of the way home. The whole time, looking back, and still seeing it behind me. This thing scared me so bad, that I called my girlfriend and told her i was on my way home and I had to talk to her. When I finally got home, and started telling her the story, I started crying, it was a very scary experience. I have no idea what this thing was. They were two bright bright lights, yellow/orange, off the ground. The light on the top would disappear first then the bottom one. This happened over and over. It seemed to be headed towards south mountain and chandler boulevard. In the video I have attached, was the last video i took before I got uncomfortable. In it, you can see the light disappear. In the two pics I have attached, you can see that it is off the ground, a lot different looking than the lights that are obviously on the ground.
