{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-07 18:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4982,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5529114.json","updb_database_id":5529114}
It was flying really low over W. Michigan Street

I1m a college student in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was around 6:26 P.M. on 11/7/2010 when I was standing on the sidewalk of W. Michigan Street that lead back to campus apartment housing at IUPUI (my college). We usually have a lot of airplanes and helicopters around here, and at first I thought it was an airplane until I realized that it was flying way too low, but then I realized that it must have been a helicopter. I couldn1t have been more wrong I realized, as I looked up and saw a circular object flying right up above me, moving straight in the direction I was facing. It was huge, and if a full moon were out, I would have to say that from my perspective, I would have to say that maybe 15-17 full moons would be equal to the size of it. I1d like to give a better comparison, but I was in a state of shock. I did spend what felt like a long time gazing at it, although in actuality, only about 2 minutes had passed. 
The sky was clear, but being in the city, it appears as pitch black because of the city lights. It was either flying really low, or it was extremely huge. I feel stupid for not thinking about getting a picture, but I was in total shock, as I don1t really believe in UFOs, or at least didn1t until now, and even now I1m still skeptical. I did, however, try my best to draw a picture afterwards, even though I1m not good at drawing. The UFO had red lights on it. If I remember correctly, I1d say about 3 of 4 of them, and I believe that red light was coming from the center as well. Since I was looking up at it, all I could see was what it looked like directly underneath. It looked like the stereotypical UFO, or flying saucer, in most aspects. Besides being a perfect circle, it looked like what a mushroom looks like from underneath, whereas you can see the edges of what might be a domed top from below, and striations leading towards the center. Most of the red lights were towards the exterior, with the exception of the center (where the stem of a mushroom would be). Here was where more red light emitted. 
Two things struck me as odd that distinguished this when compared to the stereotypical portrayal. For one thing, the front of the ship had a silver section, which reminded me of a bird shape since the shape had three corners. Secondly, I think that there may have been a protrusion at the base of it, which logically made me think that maybe somebody was playing a prank and it was actually some type of blimp because of how it glided forward, but it seemed much too big to logically call it this. There was no logical explanation for what happened. I went back to the apartment building and called my grandpa to tell him what I saw because I felt like I needed to tell someone that wouldn1t make fun of me. I made this call at 6:34P.M., and stepped through the back door of the apartment complex. I was partway into the conversation when I saw the object again flying over the apartment building, even though I thought it had already passed. 
At this point a passerby was walking down the sidewalk and saw me looking in shock up at the sky. He then saw the object too and said that it 1sure is a wide airplane1. (He didn1t see it until it was going off into the distance.) I said that 1was definitely no airplane.1 This second encounter lasted until 6:37P.M., so it was three minutes long. This second encounter took place on Porto Alegre Street, and again the object continued moving in the same direction until it got past the river, where it ascended up and disappeared into the sky. A girl walking a ways behind me during the first incident didn1t bother looking up because she thought it was a helicopter and was busy texting, and was shocked when I told her what I saw. I was kind of angry that she hadn1t looked up and I was the only one that saw this the first time, but I extremely glad that someone else saw it the second time to prove that I wasn1t the only person that saw it.
By the way, the IUPUI campus apartments are near the Ronald McDonald House, which is not far from the hospital. This area is extremely easy to find on Google Maps, however, for some reason it doesn1t show Porto Alegre, but the street that the UFO went across to get to the river is White River Pkwy E. Dr.
