{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-07 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5480114.json","updb_database_id":5480114}
{rjl} sphere shaped object - very bright - changed to very long rectangular burst of light, then two smaller shaped spheres, two different colors, straight path, then one ascending and the other descending, and finally accelerating very quickly straight a

This phenomenal sighting was in July 2012. I was on a lake, Little Long Lake, in nearby Angola, Indiana. The lake is divided by both Indiana and Michigan line. 

I was on a pontoon boat sitting at the dock waiting for some friends who were using the bathroom in the cottage. It was approximately 10:30 p.m. The skies were clear and full of stars. Being on lake with little or no lights around the area, made it very easy, and enjoyable looking at the stars. It was an exceptional night for star gazing, which I love to do.

Several other people were on the pontoon boat at the same time. I was laying down on one of the seats looking up at the stars in the sky. I happened to look to my right, which would be a northerly direction. As I looked off to my right, I noticed a glowing white ball in the sky, which seemed to get bigger as I gazed at it. It was moving toward our position. I figured it might be some kind of fireworks since it was just after the 4th of July (this incident was on Saturday, July 7th). But there weren't any other fireworks being set off at the time. I was curious so I continued to watch this globe move toward me. Maybe it was a plane, but the globe or circle of light was too big to be a plane. 

I sat up to get a better view of this display. My friend was directly across from me laying on the other reclined seat. He was looking in a westerly direction. His sister-in-law was in one of the captain's seat in the front of the boat looking East.

The light got as big as a penny and then it burst into a perfect rectangular shape light. No globe shaped figure anymore, just a solid glowing white light in a rectangular shaped - like the globe exploded but no fragments - just a perfectly shaped very long rectangle. This was only a few seconds before there was nothing. It was gone. 

I blurted out - "what the heck was that!" My friend didn't move and just asked "what?" His sister-in-law asked the same. I said right there as I pointed in the direction of the white globe turned rectangular burst.

As my friend exclaimed what did you see, and his sister-in-law was repositioning herself to look in the direction I was gazing, two smaller spheres or globes appeared; one coming from a westerly direction and the other coming from the east. One was a "red" color or "scarlet" colored globe - smaller than the white globe before it burst into the rectangular shape. The other globe was "purple" or violet colored globe. They came to rest on top of one another, it seemed. Just for a second before one accelerated very fast straight up and the other straight down. This all happened quickly - not in slow motion - but in a few seconds. So before my friend's sister-in-law was able to position herself to look in the direction I was locked onto, the globes were gone.

I was really excited and said "Oh my God" look at that. My friends sister-in-law was turned around at the time and said - "what" ... I pointed in the direction of where these two globes had just disappeared. All of sudden they both appeared again coming from the same direction they did before, from the west and the other from the east. They again stopped above each other - like resting on top of one another - for just a second or two and then just took off directly away from our position - very quickly until you couldn't see them. 

My friend's sister-in-law said, "what the heck was that?" I said, "did you see that - good - I don't want to be the only one who saw that."

September 2016 (Saturday):

My wife and I were visiting with some friends who owned a cottage on Snow Lake - again in the Angola, Indiana area. This lake is not far from Little Long Lake. 

We were out on the pontoon during the evening to see the lake at night. It was a very clear night and again good for star gazing. My friend was asking about the sighting I had witnessed in 2012. I was explaining the entire situation when I was gazing in the sky and said, "look at that ball moving across the sky." It's too big to be a plane, it's really moving too fast to be a plane (jet), it could be a satellite, it's not a comet because there is NO trail. We all gazed at it and made comments about being something other than a a plane or jet - maybe a satellite. All of a sudden the ball stopped and then took off straight away from us until it was gone. We all gazed at each other and said - "what the heck was that."

These are two very peculiar sightings I have witnessed in the same area.
