{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-10-22 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5285114.json","updb_database_id":5285114}
2 objects first from east second triangular from the south

Me and a friend were walking home from town in Durham England in October 2002 heading south when i noticed what appeared to be a fire in the distance, it was all fields in the area and was dark. The only thing in that direction was a farm so i mentioned it to my friend saying look the farms on fire at which point he also looked over in the direction.. as we observed it became clear that whatever this was it was no fire it started to get closer/ became bigger and a spotlight came from the front of it and started scanning the fields.. i thought this was strange and said to my friend that its a police helicopter maybe unsure of what I was looking at at this point the spotlight went out and the object split into a white orb type object and a red orb type object and without making any noise it went over the top of the nearby hill out of sight. Unsure of wth I had just witnessed I said to my friend did you see that unsure if I was losing it.. he verified what we had witnessed and i replied i think were under attack. It wasn't so long after September the 11th and the only thing that i could imagine splitting and going over the hill like that was a missile of some description. At this point we carried on with our journey discussing the strange incident when we spotted another fire type object to the south heading north towards us. As it got closer this object neither split or cast a beam it ceased being a fire type orb and we could see the clear outline of a triangle type object below the clouds. It was very dark but we could clearly see what looked like blue led type lights that pulsated from the rear to the front in a strobe type fashion. The strangest thing however was that the craft flew in a weird right angle motion kind of like if you drew a staircase on a piece of paper. It was maybe 3 or 4 times the size of a plane and the typical triangle craft type shape... its taken me almost 20 years to report this as i thought everyone would think id lost it.. i hope my sighting makes for an interesting read for someone it certainly changed my perspective
