{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-14 12:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512114","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46215","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/114/mufon-5512114.json","updb_database_id":5512114}
(GS) Looked like a flock of birds

I stepped outside to throw some trash and made my way to the backyard which is to the west of my house. I like to sky gaze so I looked up and spotted a jet going from NE to SW. It was laying either a chem trail or contrail and moving fairly fast. Not even 15 seconds later another jet, also laying a trail was flying SE to NW. It was a sunny day today with very little cloud cover as you could see the clouds above dissolve constantly. As I focused on the first jet still moving along, I panned over to the other flying almost above and then sort of out of nowhere, there were about 15 to more of these objects intertwining and moving along slowly towards the north. They were moving at a very slow speed in direction but intertwined at a rapid pace. At first they appeared to be a large flock of birds as birds would do when traveling in a group, but as I kept watching they seemed to ascend back into the very light cloud cover but heading in a northern direction. Next thing you know, theyre completely gone. At first glance like I said they appeared to be a flock if birds but as I focused more in, they then appeared to be ball shaped. They were a whitish/grey color, dull, and had to have been the size of those human sized hamster balls. The thing that threw me off was how they appeared which I feel they were cloaked and slowly faded into definition, and within that 30 or 45 seconds, faded out but seemed to ascend while moving slowly in a northerly direction. Next thing I know, they disappear. I moved position to see if they werent just obscured by the light cloud cover but that wasnt the case. The trails were still lingering but lightly and I know these objects were far below the trails. I felt sort of in disbelief because of what I thought were a flock of birds, were actually ball shaped whitish/grey objects. This has been my 5th sighting of these anomalies within the past 3 years and would like to discuss anymore information regarding these mysterious happenings.
