{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-04 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33074","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5522926.json","updb_database_id":5522926}
It was hugemongeous and very slient in addition it made a disturbing noise that was deafening to the ears.

It was October 4, 2011 at approximately 8:00 pm. I was coming out of a friends home, when I noticed children in the parking lot screaming and pointing to the North sky. When I looked I thought it was an elaborate big blimp that was hovering by the third floor on the northeast side of the building. I begin to yell to my friend for him to come and witness the object that was hovering in front of his children's bedroom window. I immediately ran to my car and continued to yell for my friend to come out. As I grabbed my phone I turned towards the object and playfully yelled, "take me, take me!" It started rotating as if to position for a directional take-off. It went northeast approximately 5-10 mi radius as it was coming back towards me in what appeared to be a 360 degree turn I began to photograph with my camera phone. At this point my friend came outside and I asked him if it was a jet that I was seeing since he was almost level eye to eye with the object. This is when I began to climb on a green meter box and switched my phone from photo to video because I noticed there was no sound coming from it and the way it hovered, I just had to get it on film because it has audio. My friend yelled to his wife to go get their camera while I continued to film. Then it gave off an intimidating sound and stopped about 6' above the ground, then turned up so the bottom of the craft was visible with lights all over it. A green mist or light came out of the craft and down onto me. That is when I apparently blacked out and was just staring ahead of me, my friend was yelling at me but I wouldn't respond. We both had 20 minutes of missing time on our phones, and I have two implants that were not there before. My photos show an entity standing next to the stairs from the craft. The craft then rose up and turned slowly to the north; within seconds it was gone headed northward along I-435 Hwy and out of sight.
