{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-25 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5493926.json","updb_database_id":5493926}
{cak} 1600 ft away observed extremely slow Football Field Size Triangular UFO Hwy 59N @ Kirby, Scanning? 3 points of light on each corner, boomerang like at back of triangle. 2 minutes after 1st UFO two more passed further away same direction.

I woke up disturbed and uncomfortable, mo idea why. Went out on patio. Due to the two story townhomes around me I had a 100 ft wide view South unencumbered. I was facing South lighting a cigarette and saw the front point light and beginning of something dark metallic hover/flying on horizon. It was moving extremely slow and very low, and it was entering view from west edge of certain buildings that told me it was over the 59 Freeway area. It took at least 30 seconds for the entire object to go past. The UFO was so big I did not have a full view of it, I watched the front to back go by, but the front was out of view by the time the back with 2 lights at corners passed. There was no sound. It was a like a football field in the air. I was shaking as I watched, and put my back against the building to try to hide. But I could not stop watching. For some reason I thought it was scanning everything. When it was gone from view, I went inside in a panic. Lost at what to do. Within 30 seconds I went back out and looked South again. It was extremely quite outside, and a tingly feeling in the winter air. Then further in the distance another one came in to view followed by another one even further away. Same triangles with 3 lights at corners. I could see both of them in full view, so if they were as big as the first one then they were several miles away. They took about 60 seconds to clear from view, also moving West to East. It was Christmas Morning 3:20am on clock when I went back inside. There were no clouds, or other aircraft during this time. It was so bizarre, it has taken me 10 years to think to look and see if anyone else saw it. I had no idea where to report something like this, until I recently heard of MUFON. Thanks for keeping these records. I needed to share this.
