{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-04-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53952","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5504926.json","updb_database_id":5504926}
Large spinning disc emerged from the treelike while driving at night.

1) We were driving from Halifax, NS to Yarmouth, NS along Highway 101 in mid April 2004.
2) The object emerged from over the treeline on the left side of the highway. 
3) An alien craft. It was enormous, round and was completely silent. 
4) All we could see were one row of red lights along the outer edge all the way around the disc. One light was like a chaser light, sort of like Kitt from Knight Rider but it moved clockwise around the craft, not back and forth. By the time this chaser light got back around the craft the one ahead of it was only about 10% illuminated. The lights illuminated like pixels, the brightest light jumped from one light emitting fixture to the next in sequence. The craft disappeared after stopping on top of us, matching our speed of approximately 110km/h. My car did not have a sunroof so it wasn't visible for about 5 seconds. As soon as it became visible in my rear view mirror I accelerated as hard as I could, to around 180km/h and it did not pursue.
5) For some reason I wasn't scared of it. It all happened very fast and very early in the sighting it was clear that although it had changed direction in response to our presence it chose not to pursue us. However now, writing this I am very emotional...
6) The object was hovering over the highway motionless or moving very slowly. Looking back the rotational movement of the red lights was less apparent, likely due to the distance between us and it. It looked more like it was pulsing / flashing red and every time it would flash its angle / position was different. Left, right, left, right, etc. it eventually disappeared around a corner, it was hovering very low and was completely obstructed by trees. A few moments later we drove into an eerie fog and a squirrel appeared to be frozen on the right shoulder in mid stride, it was very strange. It wasn't dead, it had bright eyes, just as if it was frozen in time. I don't think the position it was in should have been possible, it was almost like it was leaping out onto the road and froze mid-air. I feel like our trip took much longer than it should have. We left Halifax around 6:30 or 7 and we arrived in Yarmouth after midnight. My girlfriend who was with me that night disagrees on this and maintains we left Halifax later and that the times add up. I am positive we left at sunset. This took place within minutes of the Greenwood Air Force Base. I would love to hear from you. This was a spectacular experience and I have a witness. We have never used drugs.
