{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-30 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5500926.json","updb_database_id":5500926}
UFO hovers over at around midnight, witnessed family reports.

This happened when i stepped out for a bit of air, i looked up to the sky as it was a cloudy night and i had thought it would rain, but when i looked up i saw 4 lights, at first i thought that they were circus lights, so i looked around but i could not find any place of origin for that light, so i tried focusing and those lights started moving all around in circles. I called up everyone (4 people) and well even our dog accompanied them. And we observed the four lights in complete awe as we have never seen anything like this before. The lights moved from right-left, north-south and vice versa. I called up my friends in a news channel to do a night/space watch to observe it but they couldn't find it. This went on for 15 minutes and then it changed position, it started going in circles. i tried photographing this event but since it was dark, i couldn't. It kept moving in increasing speed and one moment here, then when you see it again, it has like teleported. It just glowed and didn't land, we could just make out that it's circular and glows because it was just glowing. It didn't practically disappear, but it was moving way too fast for us to find it, so we went inside... but before we went inside, our all dog started puking around and well after a month, it died. Well our dog was a bit old and had two surgeries but he suddenly fell ill :( But we never believed ,in aliens, until that day. It was an amazing experience but people think that there are no UFO sightings in India and i'm reporting this and i'm thankful to find MUFON. I hope you look into this and well sorry for reporting a year later, but hey we didn't know bout MUFON back then!
