{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-07 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64528","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2754,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5494926.json","updb_database_id":5494926}
{nd} Perfectly circular white light

I was taking my dog out because she had to go. There is no light pollution in the area and I do not use the flood lights at night because it spoils my view on clear nights. I turned on the garage lights (florescent tubes)and walked out the back door of the garage. My eyes adjusted to the darkness (approximately 3 mins) and I started looking at Cassiopeia and the Big Dipper like I do on most nights.

I was facing East, Cassiopeia was to my left (North) and the Big Dipper just above me and towards the East slightly. There were no Aircraft in my field of vision at the time, and I had switched my view between the 2 constellations a couple times slowly. I was looking at the handle of the Big Dipper attempting to remember the names of the twin stars (Mizar and Alcor)in the handle. 

By this time I had been outside for approximately 7 mins. I was slowly turning my head back towards Cassiopeia when (I can't call it a Flash, because that's not what it was) a perfectly circular white light roughly 30 times the size of the back ground starlight suddenly appeared, then disappeared about 2 degrees North of Mizar and Alcor and roughly a degree East. 

The magnitude of the light was roughly 300 times that of the back ground starlight, and at a guess I would say was at an altitude of about 40-50,000 ft. I continued to watch the area and a few seconds later (no more than 30 seconds) roughly a quarter of a degree to the North another White circular light appeared and disappeared just as quickly, but it was only about 10 times the size of the background stars and appeared to be at about 60-70,000 ft in altitude and the magnitude was considerably less. 

I watched for another 5 mins, but no other light appeared, however, a satellite (moving from a westerly to easterly direction) came into view traveling toward where the Lights occurred. This was Not an Earth Grazer nor a conventional Aircraft. I am a Certified Airframe and Powerplant Technician by the FAA and have worked at Multiple International airports and repair facilities throughout the U.S. and I have seen numerous Earth Grazers and other natural phenomena.
