{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-19 05:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70710","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3135,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5488926.json","updb_database_id":5488926}
{rjl} 2 Bright Starlike lights slowly moving from Northwest to Southeast

I enjoy watching for Meteors, the stars and looking for Satellites. At 5:20 a.m., Thur., 17 Sep 2015, I was watching for Satellites and noticed two (2) Bright lights which I thought were Bright Stars and even muttered to myself, "Where'd you two guys come from"?

I observed TWO (2) very bright "Stars" which after staring at them for a few seconds, realized that they were moving through the sky. I observed these two (2) lights for a total of 20 to 30 seconds. As they got to approximately 80 degrees from the horizon, they instantly "Shut Off". I continued to watch because given their flight path, in another 5 seconds or so, they would have been directly overhead.

After waiting 2 to 3 minutes and not seeing them again, I ran and got my I-Phone to take a compass reading which revealed that they were approximately 319-320 degrees NW (from my location using North as the reference point).

Absolutely NO sound and as stated, they instantly turned off as though someone had thrown a light switch. The only thing I had was my Zippo Lighter and the distance between the Two objects was approximately the Width of my Zippo Lighter held out at arms length (Approximately 24" outstretched Arm).

Conditions were: Crystal Clear night and still total darkness at that time of the morning (0520 hours). There were absolutely NO clouds in the sky. I am 100% assured that I was NOT witnessing a Jetliner nor any other type of recognized aircraft as again, these objects had the brightness of the brightest stars in the sky.

Please note that the Two (2) lights were 'one-behind-the-other" and as I held up my Zippo Lighter as a reference of the distance between the two (2) objects (Sideways, at arms length), they stayed in perfect alignment during my entire observation. Unfortunately, I was unable to ascertain their height/distance away from me. Additionally, I could not tell if the objects was a single object with lights at the front or back, but based on my 20 to 30 seconds of viewing, they again maintained perfect alignment, i.e. One-behind-the-other.

My feelings immediately after viewing these two objects was one of "I know what I saw, but I don't know what I saw" - Unfortunately, I don't know how else to better explain it than that. But I know that what I saw was again, NOT a normally recognized aircraft as my feelings are that the objects had to have been very large and at a great distance. Thank you for the opportunity to report this!
