{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116453","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2672,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5286926.json","updb_database_id":5286926}
cat abducted by reptillians

I was outside with a friend, who refused to believe what was happening, and I kept hearing noises that were definitely there but unexplained. I saw my cat struggling, but barely paid attention to her because I was more concerned with the reptilians who were wearing invisibility cloaks. She then disappeared for a long time. The noises disappeared as well. Finally, worried about her, and not finding her, as she is an indoor cat, who does not stray far, I began freaking out looking for her. Then a big ship flew over my home and at that point she ran from under it towards the door freaked out. I had to go in and console her for a couple of hours. She is not the lovey dove cat that is usually like that, but she was freaked out for sure. The were gone, but our technology was not working for about 30 minutes to an hour after the incident. I ended up with marks on my legs which I recorded after trying to find her as if they had grabbed me with their claws. 

I heard a lot of rustling through my outside garden and trash area. My friend wrote it off as the fan yeah right. I couldn’t see them 100%, but I saw like ripply waves where the noises were coming from in shapes of creatures, but could not actually see them, only see the fence and garbage cans instead, but I knew that there was something more there. Then my cat disappeared, which by the way she is still not well from. I had been with a half reptilian prior to all of this and was able to spot them a little better, but I knew that something else was there based on the ripples in the environment and the noises. Just because they had their invisibility on does not mean they were silent, in fact, they were noisy like cavemen. Then a big ship flew over, my cat went bolting into the house, my technology was suffering for about an hour. Then it was all done. However, my cat was spooked like never before and she is still struggling. I think they took her as she is my familiar. I can’t understand why else.
I put the video of my scratches in a link because it would not fit in the email.
