{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5515926.json","updb_database_id":5515926}
random photo about to be deleted and saw object half hidden in strange clouds.

I took this rather dull pic from the cabin window of the Kimberley Quest 2 (cruise boat) early morning on June 6th 2011 when we were cruising along the Kimberley coast of Western Australia. Upon returning home, while I was trawling through my photos on Iphoto I thought it was odd that the pictures at this time had this weird cloud formation (about 6 of my pics, this image being one of them) showed these strange clouds and then a few pics later the cloud seemed to just dissipate. Having seen Chemtrails while we were on the boat trip I randomly opened this one up to check out the cloud formation and was about to delete it when something in the clouds and to the left of the centre caught my eye, It1s shiny and reflective and is half hidden. I didn't see it when I took the photograph and still have the original untouched image on my camera. The weather was clear and the sky bright as you can see from the other pics taken within the same time period, and, this strange cloud bank was the only one around for miles.

About this strange photo.. the cabin lights were OFF and the camera was up flush with the window to be able to get the shot in.. I had to go easy because the lens kept hitting the window pane with the rocking of the boat! Spoke to a friend of mine who is a long time professional art photographer (he also teaches photography) and he said that the water drop stains on the window confirms that the lens of the camera had to be very close to the window pane to be able to see them on the shot which means that it was too close and the outside light too strong to be able to capture any reflection from the interior of the cabin. 
He also said that the object would appear in the forefront of the clouds if it were a reflection but it is partially hidden and the light reflecting off the surface of the craft is true to life and not consistent with reflected images? There are 'lights' that are in the cloud field but are still showing through.. He used his technical skill to discount it being part of the camera apparatus (from the inside of the camera) as well. Apparently that can happen but in this case he ensured me that there is no part of the camera that resembles the object even remotely. I have attached a photo of the dark cabin (image 0218) taken as I walked into the cabin just before the image with the object in it (image 0222) I have also included image 0223. The three images in between 218-222 were blurred because the rough movement of the boat rocking made it hard to focus and one was ruined due to the camera hitting the glass porthole.

Sandra
