{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-23 04:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5452926.json","updb_database_id":5452926}
Video of stationary object between moon and earth

Is it the first time I've actually thought to take pictures and or a video. Living in misery in a rule area for over 20 years I see unusual objects all the time. Generally try to find rational explanations, sometimes I can and likes this one, sometimes I can't.

I've been having a rough time sleeping this particular night. (As it usually seems to be when I see these) a little before 4 a.m. my began to act educated showing a high desire to go outside. I took them out they both rather quickly changed their minds and wanted back inside

Since it was a clear and nice early morning, I let them both back in, grabed a cigarette and headed back out I sat down, lit my cigarette, and looked up at the Moon and saw a dot in front of the moon... mostly stationary.
I only had my phone camera, which is built for night photos. However, for the first time, I "felt" secure in trying to capture what I was seeing.

I stayed outside for about 45 with this "thing" holding steady.... as time moved forward I started to get "that uneasy feeling." Once that feeling invaded my senses... I just went back inside and started my day.

The attached video and pictures are of this unusual phenomenon. 

I wiped the lens on my cellphone several times, as you will see trying to make sure that there were no particles or smudges across the lens that could be attributed to what I was seeing.

I made sure that the GPS and time details were attached to these files upon their creation. (I have no idea why I thought to do that.. I normally keep these options off)

Since this particular incident I have moved to a new residence... 

(as usual) I still continuously witness items in the night sky that cannot be attributed logical normal items ....Example : airplanes helicopters, the space station, satellites cell towers in the distance ...Etc.

I tend to think of myself as a very analytical person.

I do not submit these lightly. I've taken a year trying to figure this one out before submitting.... if you take a look at these and conclude that's just an "a b or c "... I would love to hear a logical explanation other than UFO.

P.s... I am not a videographer and I apologize for some of my unthinking movements.

I do have some digital photos taken randomly in hopes of zooming in on the object later ... those are no longer on my phone. I can retrieve at a later time if requested.
