{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-20 20:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5523926.json","updb_database_id":5523926}
Solid looking pure orange and round light appearing and disappearing many times.

On September 20, 2011 in the city of Maricopa, AZ, I was at my brother's house sitting outside watching the sky. Then possibly around 7:30 PM, I saw what could be termed as a meteorite falling at close proximity. That meteorite was a standard size meteorite falling, but the color was a green tail. It lasted less than a few seconds. The angle of that meteorite was not at a typical angle but horizontal heading south.
 Then about 8:00 PM, I observed a pure orange light that was solid round about the size of a pea if it was held away from me at arms length. It was located slightly SE in direction at a distant what appeared to be less than a mile at a very low altitude near the horizon. I had never observed in the past an orange light like this, but I was thinking that it may be coming from a jet heading my way. It didn't appeared to be flickering but just a solid orange light. The light just seemed more or less to be just hovering in the sky from my perspective. Regardless to if it was jet, I decided to take some pictures of it. The first sighting of it lasted about 14 seconds. About a minute and 30 seconds earlier, there was a plane near the area flying bizarre: it looked like it was just circling this one particular area before finally heading off to the north. 
 Shortly later after the first sighting, some of my family members came outside too. I was revealing to my mother what I just observed and I was beginning to show her the pictures I took when my brother yells out, "There's an orange light!" I quickly aimed the camera and took some pictures. I didn't tell my brother about the orange light, yet he spotted it for himself. That orange light briefly flashed on for a second or two, then simply stopped emitting light like somebody turned the lights out. It also was not in the same location I observed the first sighting for it was now directly due South. Then I noticed a very dimmed pin-point white light which was seen for a brief moment like a quick flash near its location; then another flash at a different location like upwards, then a flash downwards, move to left flash, move to right flash of light. Then after the flash of white light, another orange ball of light lasting maybe 1 to 3 seconds. I had my camera set at ISO of 1600 with shutter speed of 1/30 second. While watching for the orange lights, above our heads was another white light more meteorite that quickly went by in a second with tail at a 45 degree. Then shortly after that, another orange light sighting now located SW.  Then few moments later, it was sighted directly south, then SE. It appeared to me that whatever it may be, it was moving at an astonishing rate almost like the orange light was instantaneously moving back-and-fourth and around which briefly emitted an orange light. This was clearly no airplane lights. The general sighting of the orange light last about four minutes.
Then about 30 minutes later, I observed a white light that flashed lights in a regular pattern while it moved horizontally across the sky. When it went behind a tree, I quickly walk out into the yard; however, it was not located again. But briefly after that sighting, that orange light was sighted again directly south. which was also the last sighting of the orange light. Before I left for home, I noticed an extremely bright light directly east. Possibly a star or planet, but extremely bright. I took a couple of pictures of that. It didn't seem to twinkle. A total of 4 people observed the orange light. No clouds. No wind.
