{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121547","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5281926.json","updb_database_id":5281926}
Orb.waiting over patio. Wife died on patio.

Midnight Wednesday March 1, 2017 from back patio orange orb observed in black night sky. Exited garage. As I crossed back patio i could not help from noticing a large orange orb was stationary above roofline on west side of house. I stopped to assess what I was looking at. It appeared to a perfectly round orb colored the most beautiful orange I had ever seen. A few seconds passed and it began moving or dancing for a few more seconds. It was spring the sky was Clear and I heard no sound.neither from this orb or the town including traffic from the hiway.. it then did a flip or loopty loop and slowly rose up and disappeared into the night sky. I went inside as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened and went to bed. I did not remember what I saw for two days. Sometime on the third day the event hit my brain like a freight train. I went over it countless times and told my wife and daughter. I had never heard of orbs or that other people had also witnessed them. A couple of weeks passed and I remained excited about what I had seen. I then decided to look on the internet to if anything about them could be found. I was shocked but happy I was not alone. 116 days later we lost our son in solo vehicle crash on the state hiway. The day after he was buried my wife learned her kidneys had reached the point to start dialysis. On March 1, 2019 exactly two years to the day of seeing that orb my wife died on the same back patio no more than four feet from the point where I saw that orb that I know was waiting for me. I know many people have seen them but I doubt any of them have details as awful as I have. I hope I never have to tell this again and I hope I never see a orb again. I cry every time
I'm crying now. Proof is easy. I left a comment on you tube in 2017. My wifes obituary in 2019.
