{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5520926.json","updb_database_id":5520926}
Low, slow, straight-line path fireball with comet like tail

Please let me add that 2 nights prior to my sighting on February 1, 2012, a friend and neighbor came to me with a story of witnessing a similar object except in his case there were three lights moving in different patterns but same description as the fireball with tail and exhaust I witnessed on February 1. 

  In the evening just about dusk on February ![sic], 2012. Myself and two of my friends were visiting outside of my house. Unfortunately my friend who was next to me at time of the sighting is legally blind. Her husband who was standing on my front porch did not move fast enough to see what I was shouting about. However he said he could see it off in the distance still when he finally came out from under the porch cover. 

  As I was visiting with my friends and removing objects out of the back of my pick-up, I just remember looking to my right or east and observing something approaching. As soon as it got closer and clearer I started shouting, "what is that!!", "what is that!!", and by the third time for which i said, "what the #$%@ is that!!!" the object was directly over my head. It never went up, down it stayed straight and the speed was very slow, so slow that when it went directly over my head I could see the gases and black smoke patterns and all that seemed to encase the fireball. And the tail was an incredible sight as well. It was very distinct and in comparison to all the pictures and images of what a comets tail/trail looks like thats exactly what it looked like. I cant exactly remember the details it seems there were 2 or 3 colors to the exhaust, it was just so spectacular & unlike anything Ive ever seen that immediately after the sighting my recollection of it was sketchy and uncertain when it came to all the details. When I should have been able to draw this thing in some detail because it was there long enough. My friends husband that was standing under the porch did not step off the porch far enough when i was shouting "what is that" and after it had gone over my head and then over my house he finally came to the point past the house where he said he could still see it going. I was very upset that he just stood up there going, "what?", "what?", when he could have made 2 steps and witnessed the exact same thing I had, so.....my sighting ended when it went past me and over the house. When her husband and I walked past the view of the house the city lights and all ended my visual but he said he could still see it.   

  A few minutes later my children returned home from grabbing dinner for us with their dad. As soon as they got out and approached us I said "kids guess what momma saw?" And as soon as i began the story and I mentioned fireball my son excitedly told me they saw it also, only they saw 2 fireballs!! I would have to ask for more details on their side of it.

  I remember not knowing what to think of this for whatever it was it was engulfed with flame/fire so how could it be any type of mechanical or man/foreign operated object. Gravity would or should have already brought it down.

  I am also in a very active meteor/falling star area here in Texas and have seen hundreds of them in this area. In comparison what i saw on Feb. !, 2012 to all the others was distance, speed and flight path. 

  And let me also add that the next day I was telling a good friend who is a lifelong resident in this town of what i witnessed when she suddenly reminded me of an experience her and another fellow had witnessed on my very street approximately 10 years ago. I do remember her telling me about seeing something but no details at this point did i match up with my experience until she interrupted me when I mentioned fireball and tail! anyway, i then recalled those were the details that she had told me year or more earlier and that somethings gotta be going on around here. 

  I did keep a lookout for any other planes or helicopters that might be patrolling the skies afterwards and observed no more activity than the norm. 

  I did call the police about 2 nights later to make a report but when the officer arrived at my home I told them never mind, i wanted to make a report but because the man i live with was making fun of me and said they (the police) were going to think i was crazy.
