{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-22 22:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52905","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6329,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5505926.json","updb_database_id":5505926}
{nd} 8 Fast Moving Silent Orange Objects, On After the Other Flew Over the Horizon

At approximately 10:12 PM on Sunday, 22 Dec 2013, I was walking my dogs in Phoenixville PA on Maisfield Rd. I had good view of the night sky, however there were tall, 2-story houses partially blocking some of my view of the east and west of the horizon. 

I saw a bright orange circular object come from behind a house in my neighborhood (Approximately 38 degrees from the eastern part of the horizon); the house was blocking the view and the object was far from the house. It was much brighter than a commercial jet or helicopter, which I see all the time when I walk my dogs; it also appeared to be bigger, but hard to judge size. As it came into view, it appeared to fly faster across the horizon than the commercial jets I see, in addition, it appeared to be climbing shortly after coming into view. It appeared to be a bright, circular object, possibly orb-like. The object was flying east to west. Approximately, 12 second later, an identical object, flying in what appeared to be the identical flight path from the same initial viewing point appeared. Another 12 seconds later, a 3rd object appeared following the same path. None of these objects made any sound. I often see commercial jet liners in the sky while walking my dogs and these objects were faster, brighter, and appeared to climb. As the objects moved to the western part of the horizon, they appeared to be up very high in the sky, and took on the appearance of being almost star-like. At first sighting, at arms length, I would say the objects were approximately smaller than a dime.

Approximately 20 to 30 seconds after the 3rd object appeared, a 4th object appeared. This object had identical characteristics to the other 3 objects. It took the same flight path as the other objects. The first 3 objects appeared to slow down a little, possible hovering, as if waiting (in the western part of the horizon), and they were at a great height from this point relative to when I first saw the objects. 

Within 30 to 45 second intervals, objects continued to appear from the same initial viewing location following the identical flight path. At any given time, I could see 1 to 2 objects from a great distance in the western part of the horizon and a much closer, lower to the ground (relatively speaking) object traveling from the east and moving to the west. One after another, an object appeared. The last object was number 8. The duration for all of this happening, until there was nothing to capture on my iPhone 5, was approximately 9 minutes.

All the objects became dots in the sky and disappeared from my view. I was generally more interested in the close objects and spent more time looking at the initially viewing point in the easter part of the sky and didt pay much attention to wester part of the sky where the object had become very difficult to see. 

Unfortunately, the first 3 objects flew one after the other, was an amazing sight to see. 
(There is no way commercial aircraft would have flied so close to each other and taken the same flight path.) I thought I had recorded these first 3 objects on my iPhone, but I guess I was kind of shocked and excited and didn't realize I was not recording. Also still learning the new iOS 7 video camera interface. Also, In the videos, you will see me occasionally moving the camera to the western part of the sky, but do not see anything in the video. I could actually see the distant objects with my eye when the iPhone could not, but it was very small.

Because these objects appeared to climb, move fast to the western horizon and appeared to slow down in the west part of the horizon, I do not think they were shooting stars. In the video, at one point I hear a commercial airplane, but I can tell that its behind me and not coming from any of these 8 objects.

Within seconds of seeing the first object, it had seemed so unusual that I had to take my iPhone 5 out of my pocket to record it. When I saw the 2nd and 3rd, objects, one after the other taking the same flight path, I was in complete shock. As I child I grew up near OHare airport in Chicago, seeing planes all the time and I cant imagine any circumstances where you would see 8 moving object one, after the other, so bright, so fast, then appearing to slow down and wait for the others. Also, the iPhone video does not do these objects justice. They were much brighter then what appears in the videos. Also, I recently saw the 1st rocket launch at Nasas new east coast space port, and these objects were much brighter than that rocket. There was no sign of any rocket trail. 

Everything I saw tells me these were not conventional aircraft. Also, I wonder if I had looked up in the sky earlier a minute or 3 earlier, if I would have seen additional objects, as I had just came around a turn and might have missed other objects.
