{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-11-20 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41175","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3982,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5516926.json","updb_database_id":5516926}
{nd} black triangle slowly hovering in straight line

I put Travis county and Austin in the location fields of the form at the request of the field investigator (Robert Powell). The sighting actually took place just East of Shamrock, Texas (Wheeler County) along I-40. A friend who attended college in Dallas came through Norman, OK to pick me up as we carpooled together back home to Pampa, TX for holiday break. I believe it was for Thanksgiving. It was in the evening, but there was still light; it was dusk. The landscape there is very flat, so you can see for miles. I believe I first noticed the object, which was moving from Southwest to Northeast on the left (South) side of the highway, at a distance of probably 5-10 miles. At this point it appeared to be basically stationary. We couldnt tell what it was but didn't pay so much attention to it until we got much closer. At first I thought it was probably an airplane, though I was taken aback by the fact that it seemed to be stationary, and that is was still very large given the distance it was from us. Because it was moving so slow and we were so far away, it appeared that it was stationary even though it was slowly moving. As we got closer, probably within 2-3 miles it was crossing the highway ahead of us, and we could tell that it was in fact moving, albeit very slowly. At this distance, it was obvious that it was not a conventional aircraft, and I think I remember seeing blue lights at each point of the triangle. I don't recall that the lights were flashing, but rather they were steadily glowing. I estimate that it may have been moving somewhere around 35 mph, if that. At this point, my friend and I were both paying attention to it because we had never seen anything like it before. It seems like it may have been at least 1,000 feet in altitude, but because it was so large (probably 400 yards across at least), it was still very easy to see. By the time we were even with it, it was on our right side, moving slowly over a field. It maintained its altitude and may have been a half-mile away at most. There were a few other cars on the highway, and I noticed that the people in the cars were watching it, as well. I think I remember a couple of cars pulled over with people standing outside of their cars looking at it, too. This is the point at which we got the best look at it, and were able to see just how huge it really was. I have seen many C-130s, and this thing dwarfed a C-130 easily. Like I said, hundreds of yards across. My friend suggested that I roll down the window to see if we could hear any type of engine, so I rolled down the window and stuck my head out right before we got even with it ("even" being on a North/South axis). I heard no sound except the air moving as we drove down the road. I kept my head out of the window as we got even with it and still heard no sound. We kept driving and as we got further away it was getting dark, so we eventually lost sight of it (probably within 5 minutes maximum after passing it). That was the last we saw of the object. I have attached a picture that I found on the internet that closely resembles what we saw, though the lights werent white like they are in the picture, and the object we saw was much larger than the object in the picture.
