{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-26 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284926","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118487","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/926/mufon-5284926.json","updb_database_id":5284926}
UFO that took on and then ejected a smaller UFO

I tried to contact the Kentucky MUFON several times with no luck, I finally was directed here. Sorry it took so long!

About two weeks ago on sunday September 26th, my husband and I visited his mother on (Removed address to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL).
On the way home (towards mount vernon) now on lodge hall road, we saw a bright light just over the ridge of a mountain, it was stationary but we go there often and never see it so it caught our attention for sure. It was much brighter and larger in diameter than any stars (yes I know what the north star and other bright ones look like)
It appeared to be triangular, but the brightness of the light made it hard to tell for sure. The light also ever so slightly increased and decreased, and appeared to move, but just barely.

We watched for several minutes trying to figure out what it was, we decided to try and get closer, and drove on down the road, when we looked to the side we saw it again but the mountain was now out of view, and we could clearly see that it was much too high to be a tower (I am 100% sure it was NOT a tower), plus there were no blinking lights, only one constant light.

We sat and watched, shocked, when all of the sudden a much smaller, less bright light, flew into the larger light, coming from the north, or in my view coming from the right side of the large light. This smaller light was about one tenth the size of the large one.

About 30 seconds later the smaller light shot up out of the larger light, straight up into the sky, with no con trail or obvious means of propulsion, at a much greater speed than anything I've ever seen. 
The larger light remained where it was.

We took off towards the area of the light, but by the time we got there it had dissapeared. I did not see by what means it left.
In the days after this sighting, I had about 4 events in which I was sick (headache nausea fatigue) for no apparent reason, this never happened before. However I do not know for sure if this is connected.

I would like to note a few things,
We drive this route in the dark often, about every two weeks, and have never saw any light in the area where this was, or even the general area at all. 
My vision is great, I've never needed glasses, nor has my husband. We both witnessed the same thing. Neither of us have any health issues that cause visual effects or anything like that.
Neither of us were under the influence of any drugs or alchohol or medications that cause hallucinations.
My child was in the car and although shes only 3, she also noticed it and asked us what it was, so I think hallucinations can be ruled out. 

Also I've witnessed planes and helicopters and drones at night several times and this looked nothing like that.
My neighbors have drones which they use frequently and I'm familiar with how they look and behave.
I know you probably have a mountain of reports to sort through and try to determine what is real and what is not.
I do not know what I saw, but I DID see it. I assure you I take no joy in adding to your mountain of paperwork! I hate it too.

I had a similar sighting a couple years ago, on the way home from western Kentucky. A white light, that did not blink or have any other color, followed us from Columbia Ky all the way to Mt Vernon. We were on back roads and not near any major city or airport to my knowledge. It hovered along most of the way. When we got close to home it darted up into air, only to return and zig zag around then dart back up and never reappeared.

I was quite the skeptic, but after these events, I am not so sure.

Feel free to contact me if you need any further information, I did select that I'd like to remain anonymous but I dont mind talking to the MUFON organization employees.
I included a sketch of the size and shape of the object, and the flight path of the other object witnessed on Sept 26 2021
