{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-19 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505172","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2620,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/172/mufon-5505172.json","updb_database_id":5505172}
{rjl} Looked up at the sky to the north west and saw a circular craft with flashing lights

At one am on the morning of January 19th 2014 I was walking to my mother's mobile home which is around the corner and to the north of my mobile home (we live in a mobile home park) I noticed 3 bright flashing lights in the sky . As I watched it the 3 lights became 4 lights and they reminded me of those Christmas chaser lights as they seemed to move around the object . I kept watching the object and it was just sitting there with the lights flashing but after about 30 minutes it just seemed to float away or disappear . I was not afraid just a little uneasy because my daughter and I had a similar sighting a few months ago . On that occasion I was again walking to my mother's and saw the same bright flashing lights and went and got my daughter and as we stood there watching the first object we noticed another one only it seemed to be closer and the light was brighter and it was to the east, the first one was south east. As we stood there watching, another object appeared from the east but it was farther away then the other two but it had the same flashing chasing lights . I sent in one of these on that sighting as well . When we saw the first objects we were a bit scared but not totally frightened as we have had several sightings here and on a cattle ranch I had worked on . My mother and I were on our way home one day when we saw a saucer shaped cloud sitting just over a pasture across the highway from where we live . We saw that twice and at first it looked just like flying saucer clouds but the second time we saw it we could see a bit of silver just outside the cloud .My mom did not want me to report them as she does not think we will be believed .When I saw the latest object on the 19th I stood in the street and watched it for about 30 minutes and then it just floated away or disappeared . I don't understand why we have had so many sightings. We are not on drugs nor do we drink and we are not delusional
