{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-29 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498172","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/172/mufon-5498172.json","updb_database_id":5498172}
{dr}Observed multiple UFO's pulsating, hovering, and flying in the South west and South East Mt Burdel and west marin area of novato, CA.

I was in my house watching tv at around 9:30-10pm on October 29th 2014 when I heard low flying aircraft and strange humming and buzzing electro magnetic sounds. The lights in my bedroom kept dimming and getting bright. I look out the rear bedroom window toward the south east and south west and observed a strange low flying craft flashing red and white lights and performing strange maneuvers stopping and hovering, circling the area and returning on similar paths. Other craft kept appearing out of mid air, no cloud cover, perfect visibility, no sound. The craft would glow bright white and red and seemed to interact with each other. When 2 craft would get close to each other they would slow down, get very bright glowing intense red and white and move around each other in very strange ways. The lights would get intensely bright while moving and hovering then dim out and vanish. After about and hour or more of watching what seemed like a display or show, 2 very high flying aircraft at very high speed passed over head toward the north and one toward the east and seemed to be spraying some type of chemtrail. After 15 minutes I could literally smell a fowl pungent odor and some type of mist was present very briefly. I remember feeling intense heat and then very cold almost mist like but no clouds at all in the sky. Perfectly clear night, the sky seemed to get brighter as this continued on for another hour or more. Strange sounds like electric humming would start at a low frequency and then speed up as these craft would seem to appear out of the south west marin mountains, hovering and moving irratically then take a straight line path toward the east. This was the most profound ufo experience in my life and Im really trying to process what happened last night. 2 of the craft that appeared earlier in the night seemed to sync up in relation to one another but many miles apart and hover continuously the entire time with 3 white orbs in a vertical formation in between the 2 that were synced up? They almost look like stars but would glow intensely bright white and red. I did notice about 3-4 streaks of light, almost like shooting stars that appeared to come off the craft or from the area in the sky they were hovering. Like they warped out at high velocity leaving a streak of light. Things finally calmed down and they stopped buzzing about around 12:30. I couldn't bring myself in from the window, I was completely amazed and drawn to what I feel was a display or show by these crafts saying look, we are here, look what we can do. It was AMAZING. Finally I did manage to go lay down and try to sleep but very difficult after this experience.
