{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-12 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485172","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3163,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/172/mufon-5485172.json","updb_database_id":5485172}
{cak} Discovered a depression of an imprint from UFO landing

I was hiking Ruby Creek fire road, off Lake Hughes Drive about 10 miles north of Castaic Lake, California. I hiked 2.5 miles up from the trailhead. I was hiking barefoot as always, and was paying close attention to the trail conditions. On my way down I discovered markings in the fire road. At first I thought they were from a hiker drawing with a stick or a motorcycle spinning out in a circle, until I realized the markings were clearly impressions in the soil. I do not know if they were there on my way up or not and can not say if the markings were minutes or a day old. They were fresh enough to notice clearly however.

I first noticed a small curved line about 12 inches. It was the deepest mark that had cleared all surface gravel away. I then noticed the large circle about 40 inches in diameter which was the one that convinced me it was an impression from a very heavy object. After a few minutes I found the other smaller circles. I searched for a logical 3rd smaller circle but could not find one in the area most likely. The depressions were positioned in the only way possible due the the adjacent hillsides and spanned about 12-14 feet long and across the road. Coincidentally in the center of two of the circles, were weeds that had been flattened in exactly the same direction. There was also no evidence of thrust or forced air disturbance from a take off visible on the dirt surface of the road. I studied the site for at least 20 minutes before resuming my hike, but my gut reaction was, I was convinced it was not a landing pattern from any man made craft or drone. I did not have a camera and I was unable to return before rain surely washed it away. It has remained heavily on my mind.

This fire road has been closed to vehicle traffic for at least 2 years due to a wild fire and washed out road at the trail head. Only motorcycles and hikers can reach the area. I had hiked here a few times recently over two weeks and the same set of motorcycle tracks has remained in that time. I very rarely ever encounter anyone on the trail and I am usually hiking for about 5 hours.

I am a person who has never doubted existence of other life in the universe and this has served as personal confirmation of it. I will be hiking there again soon and I will be paying even closer attention.

I am posting to see if anyone else has ever seen this particular landing gear pattern?
