{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-01 05:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481172","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2800,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/172/mufon-5481172.json","updb_database_id":5481172}
{jpg} looked like satellite almost directly above heading west when i noticed it stop and turn 90deg, start, reverse and repeating several times

Sept 1, 2016, around 5:30 a.m., going to my truck to go to work. It was a beautiful, cool morning still very dark and a lot of stars shining. Out of habit I always look up at the sky to check the weather. I always look for satellites while I'm looking, have done this since I was a kid and saw the first Sputnik. Immediately I saw what looked like a satellite, almost directly overhead, maybe to the west a little, and it was heading in a westerly path. I kept watching it for a few seconds when it abruptly stopped and started moving to the left 90deg for a short time, then reversed and went the opposite direction and then turned west again. Since it was early morning and I had not been awake for more than around 30 min., I thought my eyes might be playing tricks so I leaned up against my truck with my head steady and tried to lock on to the stars around where I was looking so I could make sure the movements were what they seemed to be, and they were. The stops were abrupt and change of direction was immediate. I am a former private pilot and try to keep up with the latest aviation technology, and I know we have nothing that can do this, either manned or unmanned. If I remember correctly, orbit speed is around 17,000mph and you cant stop abruptly and turn. I can honestly say this is the first time in my life that I have seen something like this that I can't explain. I can't say with 100% certainty, but this object seemed to be in orbit, not just a high flying object in the atmosphere. It did not glow, but seemed to reflect light just like a satellite, and it was not unusually bright. I am more or less a skeptical person, not dismissing any possibilities, but I have to see something to believe. Experiencing this phenomena has changed the way I think about our place in the universe, not in a bad way but just different. I have no witnesses, no physical proof, nor am I convinced that this was extraterrestrial, but do consider the possibility. Unfortunately, I had to go to work and never saw where this object went or what happened to it.
