{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484172","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75665","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/172/mufon-5484172.json","updb_database_id":5484172}
Dark circle meets with morphing colorful traingleish thing.

I was sitting on the couch with my girl friend one evening studying my accounting classes while she read a magazine. We are in a small apartment in the middle of Paris (3rd district). It was June 25th, 2013 at 10:00pm. There was a lot of sunshine out since our summer sun lives well into late 11:00'ish. 
My state of mind is clear and focused. I do not do psychedelic drugs or any prescriptions or have any health conditions. Neither does my girlfriend. Again, I was focused in a serious matter on my academic studies. Since I had been sitting for about an hour I decided to stand up and stretch my arms. Our studio is extremely small. It was my girlfriends when she a student and single. After I moved here we are exceptionally cramped. For example, when I stretch I can touch the ceiling. About 3 to 4 full steps and I have crossed the entire surface. We have a pair of WEST faced windows that open up into a small squared column of windows and walls from other surrounding apartments, more of a vent shaft like opening (we can see directly into the neighbors window. Thankfully they do not occupy it often) and we are four stories up. There is a cramped kitchen space that has one port window that opens out facing EAST. Since it is mainly used to circulate air, it is positioned high up and opens out to a nice view of the sky and surrounding buildings. I often gaze out this window to look at the birds that fly by and several planes as I stand around cooking, doing dishes, or just to relax after staring at the screen or books too long.
 This was no exception this day. I stand up, hear odd squawks out the window (a distressed bird), which gets my girlfriends attention as well. She lazily looks up and asks what is that? Normally I brush it off go back to my seat. But I felt a little more drawn to the window, and I am in good humor and want to "lecture" my girlfriend on the bird species I am used to seeing out the window so I make elaborate gestures with my hands: "I will tell you what it is! A migratory bird species that is making it's flight out of here. I know. Because I watch them often"...and I have this "I know it all" look on my face like a pompous professor. She just laughs, and keeps reading. At this time, I had backed myself by the small port East window, head level with it, hands in air still like a joker, and I realize, hey...take a minute to look out. 
So I perch my chin on my hands on the sill (France does not have window screens) and gaze out at the beautiful sky. I see something far off. A pin point..grey...no shadow...no black..round... My brain does not pin it to just a round object yet, and my first thought is: "Ah, the nose of an airplane headed right this way"...then I remember, I have NEVER of all my time here seen a plane fly in that direction directly at us like that...no not a nose of a plane. I keep an eye on it as it gets larger...then a second object catches my eye... What is this? A yellow/reddish light..no..lights don't fly...Flag?? Perhaps..but a flag of what? Oh I know! An airplane pulling a flag like how I loved staring at on the beaches in California. Totally that! ...I stare more...no...not at all that! The colorful object is sort of plane shaped, that is, like a fish? I can sort of make out a triangular tail end, but the direction it's nose would be pointing is not the direction it is moving, it is moving at me, so that would be like a plane/fish floating sideways at me...and that is illogical. I pick my head up and realize these are not objects I have ever seen before. 
At this point two things hit me: 1) They are still far out, based on small dot size getting bigger,. Based on that, my limited view, watching other airplanes come in, I do not have a horizon line to see something far, come in, you either cross at a fixed altitude as you pop over the roof edge suddenly, there is no horizon build up from small to large because of out apartment situation. THAT means, this growing in size means these objects ARE DECENDING from "space" (higher altitude) and angling towards my window! So the approach is not like any plane or bird I have ever seen like this! (I love watching planes, my mother used to take me to airports since I was a kid. And I am into drones and know all kinds and differences between civilian use ones and authority issued ones.... this was not nothing like I have seen as far as flight pattern.)
2) They are synchronized. At my first "one pulling other (plane pulling flag) theory, now it is obvious, they are far, coming in fast, and the distance they entered is now shortened and they are side by side in perfect geometric decent and pattern. That is, the two are intelligently coordinating this flight, not a balloon! 
My kept UFO off in the back and every logical card and forced framed man made explanation started fumbling though my mind. So ok, it is a balloon and maybe...that is a flare? Or perhaps a drone by a balloon? False: the decent, speed, and approach are no speed a balloon can make.
Airplane still? False: ZERO SOUND and of course, appearance, flight pattern.
Helicopter...it has to be...perhaps. 
At this point, it is about half way to me. I snap out of it, in shock as the "fish" looking thing, turns into a large "pyramid" like structure, it is more of an A without the center line missing. So upside down V. 
It changed color to be that of the sky. No more red/yellow fish, now upside down V sky bue, then turns DARK blue so easy to see. At this time I call my GF up. "Come look at this. What is this?" She takes her time...I get more urgent with her, and she walks up and instantly sees it... We both stare in awe. I notice now the black dot that was perfect circle up to now, mid way to our apartment changes into a Croissant (I know, in France, croissant, make your jokes ) like form. That is, the back end is less round and a little indented, but in a morphed way. I also notice the black form has distortion around it, like almost whitish whisps, but not really, like a mirage...Because of this. My GF says: "It is a helicopter". Assuring herself of what she is seeing, but she is in a bit of a shock since she just came to the window and this thing is nearly at our apartment. I instantly see why she says that as I mention, I notice the "whispy stuff" turning...but...not a single noise. Silence. So I tell her that, and I tell her...what kind of helicopter is pure black and round? And what the hell is that other thing???
 We just stare..It takes a nice curved synchronized side by side each other turn over the top of the apartment neighboring us. The croissant shape is gone and it is a perfect circle. The turn it makes, as you see in the photo, is about more than 7 stories up, this thing had to be 9-12 stories up I guess. About the size of a helicopter, both of them. 

To this day I think back. And eve a drone of that size would give off a noise. The black thing...Pitches black I have ever seen. Like pure black mass...that morphs... and for every "ok, 50/50 drone or alien craft" I can pin on it to comfort myself, the large glowing thing that changed colors, had not logical form...is mind blowing... Concerning the glowing thing, it was not "plasma" like, but more... structured? It was not paint bright, it was "light bright", but then not a bulb light, more like a lazer light, but one you can look at and not get eyes burned. And polished like glass... I guess like morphable glass with emitting laser light is the best I can describe it...
