{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-28 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3829,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5463570.json","updb_database_id":5463570}
{dr}Driving back from CA late back to Cedar Hills- first saw hovering over Toole near I 80. Seemed to follow me south and stopped when I stopped.

Driving back to Cedar Hills area Utah from Christmas with family in Northern California. I was on I 80 traveling East towards Salt Lake City. When I entered the valley before Salt Lake where the city of Toole is located I observed while driving a particularly bright white/blue light hovering and stationary just above the Mountains East right between the Freeway and Toole. At first I thought it was just a helicopter or something but it seemed to not move for about 30 min. I thought it peculiar, and it seemed noticeable brighter than any normal aircraft lights even when seeing one head on whith landing lights. I lost sight of it temporarily as I went around the mountains and into the Salt Lake valley. I passed the airport and observed several commercial jets coming in head on and their brightness wouldn1t compete with the hovering Orb that I had just seen. As I get closer to the I 80/I 15 interchange the same peculiar light pops up out of nowhere above the Wasatch mountains East/Southeast of me. Seemed maybe 500-1,000 ft above the mountain peaks and hovering stationary again. As I began traveling south the light seemed to mirror my speed and traveled parallel with me out my left window maintaining its same elevation and slightly South and ahead of me. I felt very strange mentally, almost spaced out in a peculiar way where it seemed that I knew that it knew I could see it and took interest in me. I never felt alarmed but I was very curious and it felt like it was curious of me. Made it back to the Alpine/Cedar Hills area, when I stopped and parked the light stopped it1s course as well and hovered just South/Southeast below the clouds and below and right next to Mt. Timponogos. I sat it my car and watched it for 30 min or so, it never moved from its position as I watched. I took a few photos and video with my phone. At one point it brightened even more and then dimmed to a degree where it look similar in brightness to the stars of Orion, but after a few seconds in brightened back to what it was before. The white/blue light seemed to subtly and gently pulse while maintaining an eerily still and fixed position maybe about 3-4,000 ft. Above the valley floor. I felt that same heady, hazy, and spaced out feeling and felt that same energy one feels when you know you are being watched and observed. I also felt a portentousness that something was happening of importance to my life and everyone in the area. I went inside to sleep after about 45 min of watching it, it was still in its same stationary position as I went inside around 6:00 am on the 28th of December 2018.
