{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-03 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67995","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5491570.json","updb_database_id":5491570}
{dr}Observed a floating triangle of lights and lighted or at least light reflecting outlines.

I want to tell all I can about the flying triangle I certainly observed, but I want to be anonymous and protect the anonymanity of other observers I will refer to. I was at a community park. About 10 pm thousands of people were there observing a major fireworks display. It was now an hour and a half later but since there were so many fireworks used prior there was a slight haze but clear sky and calm cool air mostly. I observed a person staring up into the sky, the person also got the attention of another person and pointed to something in the sky. I looked into the sky too to see. Immediately my attention was caught by a group of lights. The group seemed to be joined and ever slowly moving, like drifting. It was 1000 or more feet up, it was a mile or more to my north. It was a night sky. It was a little confusing, I was trying to get my mind around what it was that I was seeing. Over the course of about the next minute or so I spent concentrating on the group of lights and all the while I was also looking over at the two original guys to see if they were seeing what I was, I was looking around too at other people near me to see if they were noticing. Looking back and really studying the object I observed this: it is best described as a geometric outline of lighted or light reflective lines joining whiteish blue lights with a red light Someplace too. I could barely make out a 3d quality and that it was a craft. The reason it was difficult to make out was because I was below it but from a distance. I looked upon it from about a 40 degree angle. Then it was moving as in drifting to the slight easterly direction, but also slightly moving down in the horizon and the triangle was spinning in the flat but also tilting up too. Besides all that, the lights were all coming in and out of brightness, such as building to darker and fading to lighter, I saw the triangle form at first just as a slightly darker sky between the lights in the triangle form, but then as the thing twisted and tilted so I was looking right on from the underneath of the thing the outlines started fading in and out just like the lights were doing. But the lines were dimmer than the lights. Once I had seen all the lights on their brightest and the outline lines on their brightest a few times my mind said bingo "that is one of those flying triangle crafts" "I am actually seeing one of those triangle crafts I have seen on the Internet." I said to the person I was with " look a ufo, there. I pointed they looked on and did definitely see it, didn't seem to take it as serious, I said, no, look its a triangle, there see the lines? They did, but didn't seem as impressed as me? I was and still am impressed. I am 100 percent convinced I looked upon a triangle ufo or stealth craft for 2-3 minutes. I watched the thing fade, drift a little more to the east and lower in the horizon until it was just alongside of an outline of a tree that was situated between myself and the thing in the sky? It sort of loitered and faded near the edge of the large tree outline blocking my view, the triangle had dimmed. I hope I communicated that it basically hovered the whole time except drifting and twisting a little. I heard no noise, my environment was loud though? An estimate of size is a guess 60-75 feet long? Later on I asked the first onlooker if they saw it. They said I saw something weird, but don't know if they thought it was a ufo? My opinion it was 100 pct a ufo flying triangle as long as somebody wasn't pulling a hoax.
