{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5500570.json","updb_database_id":5500570}
{cak} Aligned in they sky

I was taking my trash to the road. I observe a lot and see many strange things. Being tonight is the time I really noticed something that made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. I love the darkness and watching the stars and I don't take nature for granted. I was on the front of my yard and I looked to the east of my home above near the Big Dipper but still a good distant away a triangle shape. The lights were bright and was pulsing like a heart does in our bodies. All the while I noticed a small white orb looking object went straight to the main object catching my eyes. The top light was red and the outlines could faintly be seen in green. When I looked further south I noticed seven more the same. They're all aligned side by side. Come on satellites never do that! I am extremely paying attention to the night sky and this is the first time I had my breath taken away. They all pulsates. I walked to my back yard getting a better glimpse. They had good gaps but we're still distance apart perfectly in between and forming and O in the night sky. I held my breath because for some reason a deep feeling inside kept telling me to look closely tonight in the stars and I did. While I stood there in my backyard with chills, along the tree lines I saw residue of what looks like vapor smoke but no flames. I seen the triangular shape falling fast in a straight line for the ground. I thought hell I'm just seeing stuff! I didn't hear a crash or a boom. The night was silent around me and I was in disbelief. The object was so fast but seemed so slow at the same time and the lights were exactly the same as the ones right now in the sky as I write this. I seen many sightings but this sighting it's disturbing me... I never lost sight of the objects they're still hanging out.... Takes more than a naked eye just to see.
