{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5485570.json","updb_database_id":5485570}
{jpg} We saw a star that started to make a plus sign in the sky, then brighten and fly by.

OK, so my friend Jorge and I were going to visit my grandmas for the weekend. She lives up in the mountains with no neighbors, roads, or closely located facilities anywhere. We were sitting in her green house late at night when I thought I noticed a shooting star outside the windowing in the roof. After focusing for a bit longer I realized what I thought was a shooting star is now still. So I dismissed it and went back to hanging out. Only after another hour I saw the "star" slowing drifting like a plane, so again I didn't pay it much attention. What caught my eye on this very clear night was the sudden downward movement of the light. Paying attention to it now the drifting progressively turned into quick movements, quick enough that the light trailed behind itself moving so fast a small + sign was in the sky. Just as soon as my amazement took over and I started to question what it could be, it dramatically stopped, then began to quickly brighten making no noise. Mind you we were on the top of a canyon so a small plane would have no business flying literally 50ft next to the small house we were in. Only then when it passes the greenhouse I could relate it to a plane in terms of noise, but the surface was pitch black, and I saw a brighten cockpit, but right after it passed no noise, lights nothing. So we say there and explained what we just saw in awe. I thought maybe we had been kind of loud cause we were slightly worried we didn't know what happened, that's when I thought my grandma was coming to check on us which was odd. The light I saw wasnt on the small dirt road but approaching up an almost vertical incline horizontal to it. What I saw then has made me question my existence as an individual, because I saw a outline of a person made of light. Imagine a normal weighted man, but his outline was a culmination of colors but I could see through the center of it. That and when it walked it left almost copies or like a slinky stretching of fading images in the previous stance of its walk. Only to continue across the path,up another sheer face of 20 ft, and disappear into one giant flash. I checked the ground no footprints or any sign of evidence that something was there, even were the light brighten and the event ended, I went and check to find a few bushes nothing more. As this went on though I felt privileged to see this. My grandma is the only other person to have seen anything strange before too just as a side note.
