{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5509570.json","updb_database_id":5509570}
{kt}2 ufos seen over 2 nights. One starlike on the first night. 2nd craft closer and seen from bottom.

The first one that I saw...I was hanging out with two friends standing outside one of their houses. I first noticed the starlike object and pointed it out. It was much brighter than a star and when we all watched it, it shot off at incredible speeds and was gone. I remarked about how I had never seen one before and one of my friends said he saw them all the time. The second was when I and the friend who had seen them before, were coming home from the movies. We turned down my parents road and during a clear long straight stretch, I noticed the craft right above us. It was larger than I could tell...maybe a football field. I cant remember if it was circular or not but it looked black against the sky that was a kind of purple at the time. What I do remember is that there were lots of lights under the craft. We slowed down and drove underneath it very slowly. I told my friend to turn around just about a fourth of a mile and when we went back to the place it was gone. I havent told anyone but friends and family about my experience because Im afraid of being seen as crazy. Ive been having strange dreams about when I was little and staying at my grandmothers house. Im in bed and a light comes through the window. I look outside and there is a silver craft by the tree. In my dream I feel like I should hide. I used to hate going to my grandmothers house when I was little. I would spend one night and then scream and cry for my parents to come and get me. Im not sure if these are just dreams or if I am remembering something. I have 3 children and having these dreams really worries me for them. Id kinda like to find out whats going on with me. There is so much more than I can put down here. Please help.
