{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-26 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115806","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5287570.json","updb_database_id":5287570}
UFO came into my view as I was driving home late at night. Couldn't believe what I saw right above my car and the trees. Lasted about 8 seconds.

I was driving home by myself(and sober)from a friend's house on the night of April 26th 2012 around 11:00pm. It was a clear night, I had my driver's seat window down and usually the radio on low volume and had cruise control on 50mph-per usual. I had to drive past the Piedmont Airport in Burlington NC on the stretch of highway I was on to reach the interstate. All and all, a 12 minute ride home. Halfway through my ride home as I was looking out of the windshield(I was on a 2-lane highway with trees running both sides of the road about 20-30 feet off the ditches and trees were (best guess) 100-150 feet in the air. I then noticed something coming into my view to my right over the tree line, almost directly above me towards the top of my windshield. It was dark and big (maybe 100-150 feet wide, couldn't quite see the top half of the ufo)...and the ufo was slowing spinning clock-wise at a relatively slow speed while moving perpendicular to my car. I noticed a few blinking off-white lights on the ufo equator. It also had a small light underneath and center of the ufo that slightly shined and reflected the bottom of the ufo. Didn't notice any doors or windows. Was a matt-black color as the light shined dimly on it. It moved to my left at a very slow speed. This all took maybe 6-7 seconds since I first saw the big ufo to me then slowing my car down very quickly while keeping an eye on it the entire time. As my car was almost stopped, still moving some, I opened my driver side door to extend my head out of the frame of the door to see the object better. The second I laid my eyes on it with my head out of my car window. It stopped moving and rotating at the same time and acended in a blink of an eye onto the sky. This entire experience lasted no more than 10 seconds. This ufo made no sounds, didn't blow the trees or grass while crossing over the road. No exhaust or sonic boom- moving upwards so fast I can't even describe it.it didn't ascend straight up it was more like 75-85degrees upward. After it exited my view. I was at a stop by then and I looked all around as I walked and leaned against my car to see if anyone was on the road or passing by to maybe stop them, but at the same time my heart was pounding in my chest so I sat there in my car off the road slightly until I calmed down and finished my ride home. I called my friend whose house I was leaving a few moments earlier to tell him. I think he believed me but probably not. I've only mentioned this story to maybe 5 people since 2012 and it's May 27th of 2021 now. My friend reminded me of this story recently so I wanted to explain my story to other people that maybe saw the same thing near the same time that night. I haven't seen anything since and I have always been 50/50 on this stuff. I would testify my story under oath in a court if I had to. I just wanted to share what I saw. If my sighting had lasted longer or I wasn't driving at the time I would have pulled my cellphone out of my pocket to record what happened, even if it was a bad result or blurry or too dark. But the entire encounter with the ufo was around 8-10 seconds. I was in awe for about 7 of those seconds.
