{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-23 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2415,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5494570.json","updb_database_id":5494570}
{rjl} triangle shaped object with pulsing redlight and two flashing white lights

I was inside my apartment with my girlfriend, watching some tv shows. a few weeks earlier she saw the same thing I did. I went outside on my balcony, to go smoke a cigarette, I walked outside and before I got a chance to light my cigarette and looked over at something in the sky in the distance at a star or something, then something just appeared over the treeline. 3 lights less then 100ft from the ground,a bright large red light and two small white lights. I stood there in shock at first as I herd a slight hum, however I don't know if it hummed the whole time I saw it because a train drove by and was blowing its horn. The object then the fell slightly and moved smoothly and slowly across the sky towards the north. As it moved the red light on the object pulsate and two blue lights blinked, I tried to get a good look at what I was seeing I leaned over my balcony. it was a smooth black with a kind of black chrome color. I didn't feel scared or fearful of the object, just curious as to what this thing is. my first thought was "that's not a airplane, its too small. it cant be a helicopter or drone it was too quite. Is this what my girlfriend was looking at a few nights ago?" by this time I snapped out of my shock and thought to yell for my girlfriend to ask her. I turned to the balcony door and yelled for her. by the time I turned around and my girlfriend was at the door I watched the red light glide to the other side of our building. The whole thing only lasted about 30 to 60 seconds.I have seen strange light before and always been able to explain them away, as planes, reflections or something never in my life have I seen anything like this. I wish I wouldn't have set my phone inside so I could have gotten a picture.
