{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1954-06-23 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5466570.json","updb_database_id":5466570}
{cak} Saw two light crossing the night sky joined by a third approaching at a high speed. The formation left the area making a perfect right turn on departure.

I had just graduated from Collage and before starting a job I had to assist my Mother and sister relocating from the East Coast to the West coast by sharing the driving. We stopped at a motel outside of Bismarck,SD for one of the nights. About 9 PM I was sitting on the steps of my Motel unit and looked up into a clear sky. I spotted two small white lights moving together, as if in formation, across the sky. Clearly not a normal evening sky event. I watched for close to a minute and another white light shot across the sky and jointed the first two. They then moved off together as if in a louse formation at a high rate of speed. Suddenly the formation made a perfect square 90 degree turn to the right and sped off to disappear in the distance, a maneuver I thought, as an engineering graduate, was aerodynamically impossible. We left town early the next morning and it did not occur to me to get a local paper and search for other reports. 

I had developed an interest in the subject of UFO's as earlier that year we had a visiting speaker who's lecture topic was UFOs. I have forgotten his name but it did stimulate an interest in the subject on my part. I later became a Navy Carrier pilot and owned and flew a Beechcraft King Air for a number of years accumulating over 4,000 hours of flying time both military and civilian. In all of my years flying I never had another visual contact with a UFO and, surprisingly, none of my fellow pilots ever discussed having any such contact. Subsequently in reading your reports and others, I have also seen reference to high speed square turns as part of sighting which, to me, was the most significant element of what I saw. I realize this information is very much out of date with your research but I thought I would submit it for whatever purposes you would like.
