{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476570","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/570/mufon-5476570.json","updb_database_id":5476570}
{nd} This is not the first time I see an event like this.

I woke up that morning and I decided to get an early start of the day to water the plants before the morning star get hotter. As I was doing my watering I ask my wife what time it was in order to get something to eat. She said 7 am, I look up to the sky to think where should I go for breakfast and notice this slow moving cylinder shape object coming from the direction of the airport (Miami Int. Airport). I called my wife for the phone but she was busy with the kids and all for school. I could not move for not to lose track of this object. So, I kept a close eye on it and somehow it saw what I was doing it flew straight up in the air like 500 to 600 hundred feet in the air. With out a sound and without any traces of smoke or engines on this craft it was So clear and clean and a bright color of clear silver(not see through).This craft and I where just there and it felt like forever. As it was over my head it started to spin so fast that these colors of chrome; Hot red; clear bright white and yellow came off of this craft. I then could not move even if I wanted to. These colors where almost touching me. I some how ran in side the house to call the police and as I was pressing the numbers 91- it some how knew what I was doing and flew away. I looked at the phone and it was 7:30 am. 
(I did call, because it could be another country doing what country do to each other and that is spying on each other).
The next day I woke up even earlier to prove to myself something. As I was just for and hour looking up in the sky. I felt something looking at me. As my body turn me to the direction of this small sphere that flew like motionless and without sound and had a color of its surrounding not so much of hiding but reflecting the outdoor. It had me pulling out my pocket knife because I did not feel safe. And it just hovered there and after a while it flew away like a balloon. (Not floppy and not all over the air but like how a balloon floating away up in the air slow motion. (Both time the objects flew up into the air without a sound).
