{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1950-03-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177331","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"f0c3nj","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177331,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
A man was driving east approximately two miles east of the junction of IndianaState Hwy 66 and 261 north of Newburgh, when he observed an object he believedto be a rocket at a distance of approximately 50-75 yards in front of hisautomobile.Category 2

Close Encounter

Case Directory

Rocket-Like Probe Seen

Nr. Newburgh, Indiana

March 4,1950 Indiana

Francis Ridge:

I discovered this on the NARA Blue Book Microfilm site while researching another case. An Evansville
Police Department Identification Officer reported to the FBI Field Office at Indianapolis, that a friend
reported sighting an object near Newburg (sic), Indiana, at approximately 9 PM. The "rocket" appeared to
be 10 or 12 inches in diameter traveling at rate of speed of an aircraft approximately 15 feet above and
flying parallel to the ground. The man was driving east approximately two miles east of the junction of
Indiana State Hwy 66 and 261 north of Newburgh, when he observed an object he believed to be a rocket at a
distance of approximately 50-75 yards in front of his automobile. This object was flying across the
highway in a northerly direction. He did not see any flames but he did see some smoke being emitted from
the object.

Although the description of the object and its flight characteristics are of a rocket-like object, there
is little evidence to indicate a hoax of any kind or a missile. We're hoping to find more information on
this case. To see the actual documents from the Department of the Air Force to the Director of Special
Investigations at Washington, they are linked below, compliments of the NARA Project Blue Book Archive.
