{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2883,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5452583.json","updb_database_id":5452583}
Ghostly figure and a stationary triangle craft above

Whilst performing a CE5 contact with my 18yr old son in our back garden, the walkie- talkie we were using to transmit a location signal began to make repeated three tone tune whilst in 'transmit' and switched off, even though the batteries were and still are full. It did this three times after resetting the radio. I had the conscious urge to look to my right and witnessed an irregular stationary white flash three times above a neighbours tree in the far distance. The next day I tried to process the Starlapse footage from my 'Insta One R 360' camera but it kept crashing, forcing me to remove and inspect each file exposure separately, (something I have never had cause to do, however if I hadn't, I would not have discovered the attached file). As we were both sat on chairs with our backs to the camera we did not visually witness with our own eyes what transpired behind us. What could be three entities. One clearly on the left, what could be the shadow of a face in the centre and a seated person on the right Also high in the sky (which was to my right as I was sitting) can be seen a shimmering triangle/ triple rocket shaped object. The camera was taking around 20 second exposures. What is also notable are waves lines eminating towards my head to the right. Also lower down in the frame to the right of the entity is what looks like a white mobile phone being raised/lowered. None such object was on our sight. Also on the arm of the entity appears a kind of badge. When the image is observed in '360' the entities seem to be inside a bubble. I though at first the camera had cought myself as I activated the exposures but I was not in front of the camera at any time, but behind it to observe the LCD screen and then retreated to the right of camera around the patio wall to take my seat. To be honest, I am glad I made this discovery the next day, as I believe I would not have handled myself well, in the moment!
