{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-26 05:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102951","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5458583.json","updb_database_id":5458583}
{tjd} white orb crossed over freeway, joined with a red orb, made a tight circle and both recrossed the freeway

I was headed southbound on Highway 99, traveling 60 - 65 mph due to heavy traffic. Farms of nut trees on both sides, about halfway from Madera to Fresno.
I noticed a very bright white orb in my peripheral vision at about the 3:00 position. It was bright and large enough to really catch my attention. As I puzzled looking at it, the light moved at a rapid pace over the freeway towards the east….not in a rigid straight trajectory, but in a gentle upwards arc. I also got a slight glance at what seemed like another, fainter light, but it disappeared to the far side of the bright orb.
As the orb moved eastward, I noticed it heading towards a smaller, dim red orb that seemed to be stationary in the sky a short distance past the northbound lanes.The bright orb did a fast, tight circle around the red orb, and they immediately began a trek back across the freeway to the west. 
As they cleared the freeway, they seemed to alter their positions, and I could see there were three white orbs, going very fast, arranged in a tight wedge pattern…one in front with 2 slightly behind it. >
They also did not travel in a straight line, but in an arc. The angle brought them downward very quickly, and they were lost to sight behind the tree tops.
It was still dark, but very clear… no dust, clouds, fog, etc. 
It’s very hard to guess the distance, but they were small, not tiny,much, much bigger than the lights on a plane or helicopter at that same distance. Seemed maybe 6 to 7 miles away?
Traveled fast - much faster than I would have expected from a plane or helicopter – no other lights – no blinking lights – no trails behind them. 
The whole episode took 10-12 seconds. I counted as it first crossed the highway, so I could time the event. I was excited once they disappeared....was concentrating on exactly what was happening as the event unfolded. Later, I was disappointed because I was driving and could not film.
