{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-19 19:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5454583.json","updb_database_id":5454583}
{cak} UFO sighting in Aberdeen, Wa from 7:39 pm to 9:32 pm

I was out with my kids playing in backyard, as we were walking into our house I noticed a very bright light all the way up in the sky at 7:39 pm. . It looked at first to be a satellite or a star, since it was so far away. I snapped a few pictures of it, with my husbands niece and then went inside. At about 9:15 my father in-law, took our dog out and noticed the light in a completely different location, behind our garage, much lower than before, but still very far away. He came inside and mentioned that I should go check it out, as it was the brightest light he’s ever seen. 
As I pulled my phone out to take a photo I noticed a green orb, bouncing around the roof of my garage, at first thought it was my camera, as I could not actually see it with my own eyes, only through my camera. Although, it was not following my camera and bouncing all over the place, and thens I could, (which I’m lucky to have such a great camera on my iPhone 11) I then realized it was movi noticed it connected back to the Ufo. I started to film the Bright light/UFO and zoomed in as far ang in directions I cannot explain, and expanding with its light or craft and then shrinking, and spinning. I watched it jump up and down through the sky, at insane angles and drop straight down, and zoom back up, within seconds. I would of never been able to see this, had I not zoomed in, it was so far away from me, but still large enough to see with a naked eye. After about five minutes I had to go back inside, as my 10 month old needed to be put to sleep. I got 4 min and 32 seconds of footage of the UFO, as well as another video of it with the green orb, and multiple photos. After further reviewing my photos, I noticed when I zoomed in, it had a triangle shape outline, exactly matching another witness. I am not sure at all at how far away or how high it was, but it definitely was at least a good couple hours away from me, yet so bright that you could still see it in the sky.
