{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-20 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5520583.json","updb_database_id":5520583}
Large, bright, star-like object hovering.

I was letting the dog out around 10:30 pm EST. Im in a quiet residential neighborhood in Lansdale, PA. As I often do, I was looking into the night sky while he sniffed around for a good spot to relieve himself. I turned and called him to the other side of the front lawn and was immediately taken back by the enormity of this bright white/orange/yellow object that hung in the sky above the house across the street. I had no idea what it could be! It was shining much brighter - and was clearly larger - than any star I would see from earth. It certainly didn't resemble any flight crafts that I had ever seen either. 

My first thought was that it could be a flaming meteor that was extremely close to earths orbit and was perhaps also reflecting the sun; so I watched it more intently to examine its path... but it didn't move at all. I stared at this thing for about 10 seconds, making sure I was stable on my feet to ensure the accuracy of my understanding. But it still didn't move! Then, I affixed a line of sight against the tip of a thin naked tree branch that was located across the street. Another 10 seconds elapsed and I was able to track only a very slight, slow ascent. 

During this time, I had also been monitoring the objects light characteristics, searching for signs that it was perhaps just an extraordinarily well lit plane, or helicopter, or balloon - anything that I would otherwise be able to identify. But it was not, by any means, anything I could assume be in the sky this close to a residential area. (Note: I was unable to determine with much certainty its proximity to my location. Taking a mathematical guess, I would say it was about 200-400 feet above ground and between 1-2 miles in distance; but then again, I wouldnt be surprised if somehow I learned that it was, in fact, a meteor well outside the Earths atmosphere - but it was much too bright and had so little movement!)

Anxious to get someone elses perspective, I rushed into the house to bring another set of eyes onto this magnificent object. It had moved so little during my observation that I figured, surely, I could bring my family out one at a time, if I needed. I first grabbed my mother-in-law, who was just in the kitchen, and rushed her outside! Not more than 15 seconds passed while I hurried inside and returned to the front yard. But, sure enough, by the time we emerged from the house, this unbelievable object had inexplicably disappeared.
