{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2346,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5285583.json","updb_database_id":5285583}
Large, impossibly thin, jet-like craft moving very slowly at low altitude in storm conditions

I was in the bedroom at the south end of the house, when the other witness (from the westernmost bedroom - with a window that looks south) shouted that something was flying over the house. We both hurried into the northernmost bedroom, at which point we both witnessed a craft around 50ft north from the house, at an altitude that couldn't have been more than 30ft higher than the house. It was extremely stormy that night, all the trees and foliage were blowing around, and the rain was very heavy. 

The craft was quite large - at least the width of the house. It was moving quite slowly and was totally unaffected by the wind and rain. If viewed from the vertical axis, the craft was a pinched triangle shape, with a "nose" of sorts. The outline was smooth with no discernible sharp edges. The lateral cross section would be a "pointed oval" shape, but very thin, seemingly too thin to contain anything. There was a large, rectangular box-like "intake" or engine at the back of the craft, which spanned the entire width of the craft, and had much more height than the rest of the craft. It was divided into three sections. There were lights at the corners of the intake synchronously flashing red. There was no discernible exhaust or air flowing out or in.

I couldn't make out whether the rain was hitting the craft or not. There were no markings or windows, and I honestly cannot say what it was made of. It was like it was occupying space, but was devoid of material. Light didn't seem to reflect off it or be absorbed. 

The craft continued it's speed and flight path north/north-east, and dropped down behind the trees of the park across the street.
