{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5503583.json","updb_database_id":5503583}
{nd} observed unknown flying object in distace for about 20 min before it seemed to have sensed me and slowley flew twored me as i to observe me

About 6-7 years ago I was sitting in my back yard inphoenix Arizona Paradise Valley area some where around 10 pm. I was facing east when observed an object very low in the sky hovering at the tips of a cluster of pine trees a few neighborhoods over. I sat and watched it with interest thinking that someone had a remote control blimp because it was low and slow and seemed to be hovering. I watched and watched when I noticed it started to fly in my direction still quite always away.the further it got away from where I first noticed it I began to think wow they have a great range on their remote. As it was getting closer I kept trying to look for wing lights to c if it was in deed a plane.the lights kept changing and I couldn't decided the color I kept talking to my self out loud saying the colors I thought I could see yet never was able to distinguishe the color. Soon it was entering my yard about 15 -20 feet off the ground.I shouted for my cousin to come out because at that time I realize it wasn't a remote control blimp.it passed over our heads slightly to the right and hovered over my neibors house at the height of about 9-10 feet. It was very small about 4 ft. Disk shaped sourounded by windows and there appeared to b a cock pit that was illuminated. At that point we both got really scared and ran inside. I remember when it was right over my head it emitted a low soft whooshing sound. About 15 min. Later we gained our composer and went back to look but it was gone. The strangest thing was even from its distance in the beginning it seemed to hone in on the fact that I was observing it and it came as if to observe me or make sure that I had a close look at it.
