{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-05-22 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2321,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5549583.json","updb_database_id":5549583}
Objects over Hobbs, NM - app. 2120 hrs local

I was standing in my driveway looking up at Jupiter. Out of the corner of myeye I saw movement and looked in the direction of the movement. What I firstsaw appeared to be a batch of baloons arranged in a triangular pattern. Unfortunately I didn't have my binoculars with me and I didn't want to take thetime to go get them. The baloons were moving rapidly ENE and I didn't want tolose sight of them. Then I noticed a point light source traveling along infront of them. The point of light appeared to be dull orange to yellow and wasapproximately 15-17 arc minutes ahead of the baloons, and that distance wasconstant as best as I could tell. The triangular arrangement of the baloonsappeared to be about 20 arc minutes on a side equilateral. The reason I thoughtthem to be baloons was that the colors, though muted, appeared to be red, white,and blue-gray. They were first seen by me crossing my meridian about 802B degrees above the horizon looking south.There was no sound or other associated phenomena. The time was almost exactly2120 hours, perhaps a few seconds later. The objects traversed the sky in about8 to 10 seconds. The problem with that is that the local surface wind at mylocation was almost calm. I checked with the local weather and winds werereported at 4 mph and steady out of the SSW, while the objects were moving ENE,or nearly perpendicular to the local wind.I have been involved in amateur astronomy since 1947 and am good observer. I amslightly reluctant to report this because I also write science fiction and Ithing there could be an unfortunate association drawn between the two. At anyrate, I have never seen anything quite like this and I am at a loss to explain.
