{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-10-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118835","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5284583.json","updb_database_id":5284583}
Large Hovering almost silent vehicle flying slowly overhead (Plus others)

I am interested in astronomy and therefore spend a lot of time looking up.
I feel the need to put all my cards on the table. My aspiration to be a writer might undercut my credibility as an objective reporter. I have read and written science fiction. I nonetheless see myself as an objective observer. I’m not given to magical thinking. I sift every item of news I hear through broadcast media through what I consider to be a critical scrutiny. I believe absolutely in established science, and am skeptical of all conspiracies unsupported by sound evidence.
Nonetheless, I feel I must record some observations I have made over the years that defy any explanation.

Around 1981, I was riding from my work in Exeter to my home, then in Exmouth, through the village of Woodbury. It was a dark night; I remember it as dry but overcast. This also meant that without traffic and streetlights, I was able to see the sky more clearly. As I approached the top of the hill before it started to descend into the village, I was distracted by a number of steady coloured lights over the village to my left. As I was in motion I wasn’t able to determine the direction of the lights, but they seemed to be moving around one another. It appeared to be a craft of some sort rotating on its own axis. There were no strobes or flashing lights that would suggest an aircraft. They also were too low and too slow for the dispersion of the lights that would have suggested a large aircraft. 

This intrigued me, so I followed the direction of the lights east out of the the village until they disappeared behind a hill about a half mile the other side of the village. I stopped my motorcycle, parked it, and climbed the bank next to the road and looked over the field in the direction of where the lights had vanished. I turned off the engine and removed my helmet. Apart from the usual countryside night noises, there was silence. I was about to move away from the bank overlooking a field when I saw a near stationery light above the hill where I had seen the lights disappear. Over the next few seconds the light rose and became several different coloured lights (reds, greens, clear white). I am aware that aircraft with navigation lights show a red light on the left wing and green on the right, and this was not what I was observing.

The craft, whatever it was, was apparently huge and flying straight towards me. The lights were steady, no longer rotating. The hairs on the back of my neck stood erect since even in the moment the unreality of the situation struck me. Over a period of 10-20 seconds it apparently flew directly over my head at about 200 feet. I couldn’t make out the shape of the object since in the dark night there was no silhouette.  It could have been a Hercules transport aircraft on manoeuvre over Woodbury common. It must have also been close to stall at little over 100 knots. It was though oddly silent. I had already removed my helmet, but the sound it made was that of a large fan: a rather loud hairdryer and not the roar of an aircraft maintaining a low altitude at close to stall speed. I’ve seen a number of prop aircraft at air-shows and they’re all much louder. It flew on in a straight line and I didn’t see it again. I am also aware that a large aircraft would not be flying that low on a dark night for obvious safety reasons.

This remarkable experience stayed with me and now, 40 years later, I still wonder at the peculiarity of that whole experience. The odd lights I saw ‘slowly rotating’ over Woodbury were sufficiently unusual that I felt the need to investigate. The lights were at very low altitude: surely not recommended for a night flying exercise over a populated area? Why did it fly directly towards me at around 150 feet in a hilly and tree filled area when I was standing alone at the edge of a field? Why was it nearly silent? It doesn’t add up and comes back to me with greater resonance all these years later in view of subsequent experiences.

We now live in Newbury, United Kingdom. About a mile to the north of what used to be USAF Greenham, the cold war nuclear weapons base now known as Greenham Common. The next two observations were made from my back garden.
In the September of 2019, something else occurred. I wrote this email to my astronomy professor:

“Hello Stuart,

I did an astronomy course in Newbury a couple of years ago.

I wrote this down last night while it was still fresh in my memory and I’m punting it around to people who might be able to help:

I’m not sure what we’ve just seen.

The three of us (me, my wife and son) were scanning the sky for Aurigid meteors. The seeing was reasonably good. After about 20 minutes at 22:10, (on Sunday 1 September) our eyes were sufficiently dark adjusted to see Magnitude 6 stars. We saw aircraft, a faint satellite, but sadly no Aurigids.

What we did see was astonishing. Three white lights in a regular equilateral triangle shape that were just visible, passed rapidly across the sky from the West. It was completely silent. From the spacing of the lights a small aircraft would have been no higher than a thousand feet altitude. It took no longer than 5 or 6 seconds to traverse the sky and pass over our house, so if it were at this height, it would have been travelling at several hundreds of miles per hour. I repeat, it was completely silent. In view of the apparent speed at the proposed height, a high flying large plane is even less likely. 

All three of us immediately realised that we had just witnessed something remarkable. I am resisting giving it a name, and we are currently seeking a rational explanation for this.

Any ideas?

Kind Regards,

Oliver”

My wife and my my neighbours, on the other side, of the fence also witnessed this. In his response, the professor I mailed suggested that the presence of a U.S. Air Force base (Fairford) 30 odd miles away might explain it. But from the apparent height of the craft, it could not have been completely silent. If it was a stealth bomber with white lights at each corner of an equilateral triangle, at the apparent height it was travelling, it would not have been silent. It was too fast for satellites and too widely spaced for a high flying craft. It seemed to be around a half-mile altitude and travelling in a straight course more or less over my house at at around 400-600 knots.

Subsequently, earlier this year, we were similarly star-gazing and observed two bright orbs of light travelling at speed from east to west, again from our back garden. Once again, they were silent. They were not points of light but spheres or disks, one chasing the other. They had no other navigation lights. They were travelling faster than helicopters could travel, and much faster than a Chinese lantern, especially as there was little wind on that night. They appeared to be about a mile distant. Again, they were also observed by my wife.

26 October 2021
