{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-09 05:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76289","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/583/mufon-5483583.json","updb_database_id":5483583}
{cak} last three days have been ufo/otherworldy driven, from sightings to close encounters with actual beings

It was Mother's Day morning around 4:20 a.m. As usual on my late night work binges on my laptop when i decided to step outside of my home for a smoke. About half way through the cigarette, I looked up and to my left for a normal star gaze when i notice a glowing orange ball of light moving left to right and then pausing, as if it picked up on my noticing its apparent presence. As I continued to stare in amazement at the more than commonly seen orange/white fireballish ufo that i've encountered many times, including one time with it appearing literally less than 100 ft across the street from me and hovering slowly as if it was imperative that it be seen by me and me alone...it was back. It made a motion in the sky as if it were coming towards me, both moving forward and descending when i heard a loud rustling in the woods across the street from me and there i saw it. a greyish being peeking out almost as if peeking around a doorway or corner, from behind a bush just short of being in the street, staring directly at me. with no sound at all, it blinked and moved the bush back into place without so much as a leave crunch, and it was gone and i, with fear, fascination and clear instructions of not to panic or fear, retreated walking backwards calming frantic, into my house and the same mothers day night, a ufo appeared that both my girlfriend and me witnessed around 11pm ish, then the bright white light that literally brought me to tears as it slowly passed overhead, less than 500 feaet away and in a path that lead directly over my house. my girlfriend was a witness to that as well...two days of close encounters of the second, third and maybe fourth kind...at the end of it all, i have a hard ball like object in my right ear to go along with the ET encounter scoop scar from last thanksgiving on my left wrist. ive spoken to Mufon about past encounters and events and have a folder's worth of footage and other information i guarantee would be useful in unveiling the truth. we are not alone, by any means. i've seen things i cant describe any other way than with the self explanation of "Now, I Know The Truth."
