{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-01 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478120","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82021","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/120/mufon-5478120.json","updb_database_id":5478120}
{nd} in house. glowing vertical line appears 5' away. hovers, unfolds into orb. I reach, it rises vertically 5-6

The following is a detailed account of an incident that actually happened. It was November, 2016. The weather was clear and mild. I was at home alone at about 2:00 pm, sitting in the living room watching the news on TV. In front of the sofa where I was sitting is a 4-foot by 4-foot coffee table. 

	I was looking across the room at the TV. Suddenly, about 15 degrees to the right and about 4 inches above my line of sight, a small movement occurred in the air directly above the coffee table. I reflexively turned my eyes and head toward the movement.

	On first sight, I thought I was looking at a moth or butterfly, with iridescent, pale, blue-green wings closed together in the up position forming a flat, vertical plane. The blue-green plane then divided into two halves that rotated downward in a 180 degree arc, forming a perfect sphere slightly bigger than a golf ball. 

	The orb hovered motionless, making no sound that was audible to me, but the irregular pale, blue-green color swirled slowly over its surface. I stared at it intently studying it, trying to see if it was some sort of exotic, flying insect, but there was no insect body present, just the beautiful, translucent orb. 

	I thought I would slowly rise, lean forward and catch the thing between cupped hands. At the moment I made the slightest movement toward it, the orb quickly rose about five inches straight up, and resumed hovering for a moment. When I made another slight movement toward it, the orb accelerated horizontally toward me, passing about 5" directly over my head. It moved faster than my reflexes could react. I turned my head and shoulders as fast as possible, to follow it with my eyes, but it had disappeared.  

	I searched the entire room very carefully to see if anything foreign were there. Nothing was found. My wife is a meticulous housekeeper, cleaning the living room every week without fail. Since that time, she or I have cleaned every inch of it, including tops of furniture, under furniture, in crevices of upholstered furniture, between the windows and plantation shutters, inside lamp shades, behind pictures on walls, everywhere. No trace of any flying insect or a ball of any kind has turned up. 

    It did appear to have mass, but it could have easily been a ball of some form of energy. Either way, it was an object of some sort.

	I am former military, and practicing attorney for many years. I am experienced at making calm, analytical observations and recording them accurately. I was wide awake, calm, not at all afraid, but was intensely curious. If called to do so, I would take an oath to the truthfulness of my statements written above.
				[Item Moved/CMS/nd]
