{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-13 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460120","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/120/mufon-5460120.json","updb_database_id":5460120}
{rjl} Spinning slowly as it descended then maneuvered a

I use to live in a duolex on the top half. One night I was on the porch seeing my girlfriend off like I always did. I stood in the cold night on the top of the stairs, as I waited for her to cross the street to her car I breathed in the fresh crisp evening air as I tilted my head up to gaze at the stars (I do almost nightly). As soon as my eye line scanned the 25' tree across the street from me I flinched automatically from what I couldn't believe I was seeing. A triangular shaped object looked as if it was going to crash into the tree. I could only see the bottom (I assume) of the craft, it was as if whomever was piloting it pulled up to avoid a crash. I could see it as clear as I could see the trees, houses, street lights, my breath in the cold air. I noticed grid liked patterns along the edges of the craft, each point of the triangle shaped craft had a single golden orange red like soft glowing light as well as a somewhat larger light directly in the middle. The lights did not waver in color or glow as the craft descended nor when it maneuvered and then ascended. 
When I flinched and ducked it was my natural reaction because I only first noticed the craft as I was blankly looking up when my eyes noticed something large coming my way. My girlfriend had made it to her car at this point and was looking up at me to say bye before getting in her car and leaving. Once my mind realized I wasn't gonna ve hit by this large thing falling out of the sky I looked down at her and shouted, "HOLY [profanity removed/cms/rjl] DO YOU [profanity removed/cms/rjl] SEE THAT?!"
The tree the craft was nearest to blocked her view and as I looked up to point to her where to look exactly the craft had just as quickly maneuvered in a boomerang action without a sound at all and took off incredibly fast and all I could do was stand in complete shock and awe to what I had just witnessed as my finger points to the fast disappearing craft which left just as quickly as it arrived. 
My girlfriend was not able to step out in the street to view it in time. I documented the time and location immediately as well as drew my own crude drawing of the craft. 
That night while laying down on my couch I couldn't sleep from the excitement of what I had witnessed. I kept looking out my windows hoping the craft would return. I stayed up all night and nothing happened. The next day however, I did notice my back was feeling extremely well considering the months and days prior was aching from the cold weather. I'm not saying it's connected to the craft, but I'm not saying it isn't either. 
I suffer from Ankylosing Spondylitus wich is a spinal disease. Cold weather is not my friend by any means and I have chronic pain most the year. But, after being within a stone's throw from this craft that night the following winter wasn't as bad. Up until just recently when I slipped my sciatic nerve out of place I have been feeling better than I have in years. Again, I'm not saying the two are correlated. Just stating a fact.
