{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-24 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291120","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112218","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/120/mufon-5291120.json","updb_database_id":5291120}
Triangular aircraft flanked by helicopters

A huge triangular UFO with lights on each corner was witnessed slowly and silently gliding over Leicester, UK tonight.
And three helicopters were flying above it.
The UFO was seen by 47 year old old commercial energy consultant Nigel Bailey and he posted details of it within an hour on crop circle investigator Colin Andrews’ Facebook page.
He wrote: "Sorry this isn't related to this post but I've just seen a huge triangle shaped aircraft flying slowly over Leicester... I caught it up in the car but lost it but saw 3 helicopters flying around at a higher altitude than the police helicopter flies around at... The triangle was so low that I could make out the shape and the 3 lights at each corner and it had strobes flashing down the sides.... It was silent!!"
He then messaged Colin to say: "To be honest it looked like your typical TR-3B... Based on the flashing lights, it clearly seemed to be a terrestrial aircraft but it was quite low, lower than a commercial aircraft would fly, made no noise at all and was flying very slowly. I could make out the general shape and it was definitely triangular.” 
His message was posted as I was on Messenger with Colin so I asked to be passed his details and phoned him at his home in Glenfield Road, Danehills.
He told me "I had just come out of the front door around 7.15pm to go to pick up my wife who works at Glenfield General Hospital. I looked up and saw some strange strobe lighting in the sky. It wasn't the height of the normal commercial aircraft going over - nowhere near that height, more the height of helicopters as they’re flying over.”
He said that in the clear night sky he could easily make out a triangular shape with lights on each corner and there were red and green strobe lights splashing down the side. It was far too big to be a drone – it looked at least four times the size of helicopters that fly over. It looked a foot wide at arms length – probably no more than 5,000 feet up. It was travelling west towards the motorway.”
Nigel watched the craft moving across the sky for two minutes before it vanished behind a block of flats , so he moved into a car parking area near his home where he followed it again for three minutes before it also was obscured by houses. It was while in the car park that he spotted a helicopter flying towards the scene.
He thought the sighting was over so drove off in his car for the five minute journey to collect his wife from Glenfield General Hospital but spotted it again from his car as he drove into the hospital car park where he then counted three helicopters. He watched the triangle for two minutes flying over the hospital before it again vanished behind buildings.
He picked up his wife Emma and immediately told her: “I think I’ve just seen a UFO. And as we were coming out I pointed out one of the helicopters that was still flying around.” 
He said that as a bench mark when they got home he and his wife saw a commercial aircraft fly over from the same direction at a much greater height.
”It was flying ten times as fast as the object I saw” he said “The airliner had gone out of view in ten seconds”
Nigel told me that as a child he’d had a sighting of a UFO from his school playing field which was “a very large cigar shaped object. “ Then a couple of years ago while driving and waiting at traffic lights he saw “what appeared to be an airliner flying over but it had no wings”
How did he feel when he saw the triangle?
”Probably more excited than anything – and inquisitive. I didn’t feel nervous or anything like that” he said.
He added: “I had my phone camera with me but in my mind I was too busy taking in detail watching it rather than getting the camera on and knowing how dark it was. I was just gobsmacked as to what was flying over me”
He said he thinks some UFOs may be military top secret aircraft.
But he added “I don’t think we can be the only life in the universe. I’m a strong believer that we are being visited. I think as a species we are in our infancy in the grand scheme of things. “
About his triangle sighting he said “I don’t know what to think – whether it was military or other. But what I saw was completely unusual and something I’ve never seen before”

Note. According to Military.com the TR-3B US military craft "doesn't exist officially. It uses highly pressured mercury accelerated by nuclear energy to produce a plasma that creates a field of anti-gravity around the ship. Conventional thrusters located at the tips of the craft allow it to perform all manner of rapid high speed maneuvers along all three axes. Interestingly, the plasma generated also reduces radar signature significantly. So it'll be almost invisible on radar & remain undetected. This literally means that it can go to any country it likes without being detected by air traffic control & air defence systems.” 
Photo is a depiction of the TR-3B which Nigel Bailey likened to his sighting
