{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-19 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480120","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79952","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/120/mufon-5480120.json","updb_database_id":5480120}
{rjl} Like an aircraft carrier w wings, flanked by bomber size aircraft w strobes, huge red light ⅓ way down a >km flat bottom

I saw a craft that was my guess 1.2km long, maybe 400m wide, seemed asymmetrical but had a solid round Ted light about a third the way from what looked like a huge shuttle cockpit tip. There were two large aircraft that had strobes flying on either side in a v formation. My girlfriend also saw it right after I did in a place twenty miles away from here. I'll ask her to file her own report. It flew pretty low, not like right above the tree line but like enough I could make it the engines on the planes following. I do live near ft Bragg and am less than fifteen miles from the camp McColl training ground, we see paratroopers jump from time to time. But in the past two weeks I saw a couple of those unmarked black helicopters flying very low near my house. Oh that reminds me, this huge thing nor the planes showed up in photos I took, and I don't think they showed up in what my gf took miles away moments later. It's weird bc I had a sighting a few months back. My first, and it was the same day I was going thru deleting pictures and came to one from that night that showed a red light, upon playing w the filters the red light appeared to be a huge rectangular structure but headed towards it was the craft id seen. Showing three white lights in a triangle w a Red one in the center. I didn't report it bc I watched the video I took and saw nothing, deleted it. Hating that now bc thru sum filters who knows what it may have shown. I didn't even realize if snapped a picture in the process of going to video that night. And the day I come across picture, which shows in sum filters to actually be a disc shape and triangle lighting pattern, but that's the night I c a flying aircraft carrier, idk what was. B if I can attach a picture I'll send one of what I first saw and make a report on it when I can better figure out the date, but the other night, even though I could c em fairly well, nothing shows up on my camera. I see strange lights zipping around in the sky here over half the nights I look for any length of time, but those two were extraordinary, add the black helicopters and ima bit worried about what's happening around here. Oh and I also saw them return the same way they cane less than forty min later
