{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489120","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70512","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/120/mufon-5489120.json","updb_database_id":5489120}
Solid, Dark Chevron-Shape object with dim circular pot-lights evenly spaced underneath, four or five under each wing. Traveled very quickly in straight line.

In back yard sitting on patio facing West. Wife sitting across from me facing East. 10 PM. Sky clear and lots of stars. If I wasn't appreciating the beauty of the night sky, I would never have seen this thing. It was very stealthy, its movement gave it away as it blocked out the stars as it passed underneath them giving it away. It approached from the N.W. and passed nearly directly overhead and moved out of view headed straight S.E. Lost sight as it went over top our house. Moved quickly and did not alter speed. As it went overhead, I could see dimly-lit pot lots under the wings of this Chevron - shaped object that appeared solid and black.The lights created a dim glow on the sides of the pots they appeared to be recessed in. There was four to five lights under each wing.
Not a sound was made.
Sighting lasted 5 seconds.
Was sitting with my wife and pointed it out to her but she couldn't see it in time before it went over the house. She was facing East across the table from me so she didn't have enough time to see what I was looking at.
Felt excited and at the same time re-assured that I wasn't the only one that has seen this as I've seen the exact thing depicted in re-creations on UFO documentaries over the years.
I've seen objects before on occasion, increased over the last five years in this area, always a bright orange light. But this was the first time I've actually seen a solid object and could see its shape.
Very sneaky and the odds of anyone seeing this would be rare if they weren't looking up at the right time and place and detected the stars getting blocked out just for a second.
