{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-28 20:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453287","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/287/mufon-5453287.json","updb_database_id":5453287}
My family and I saw lights in perfectly straight line moving west to east just before 9PM MDT on April 28th.

Hello,

My family and I (wife Jennifer, daughters Emilia/Maya & son Ben) just witnessed a series of lights in the sky to the south of us from our backyard in Aurora, Colorado around 9PM MDT on April 28th that all seemed to be in perfect symmetry heading in a very straight line to the east (slightly southeast). The lights appeared to be very high in the sky, equidistant from each other and moving at the exact same speed and direction. The lights were so symmetrical to each other that I questioned if they were even moving at all when my daughter first pointed them out to me. It was almost like an optical illusion because they were moving so steadily that they almost seemed still at times. I have a background in aviation from the United States Air Force (Avionics systems on F-15 Eagles) and I can honestly say this looked and moved like nothing that I've ever seen with my eyes before. Once I locked onto it I grabbed my phone and managed to record a video that is about a minute and a half long where you can see the lights moving across the sky (from the right to left side of the screen). It's kind of hard to see them because the lights weren't super bright and they were very high in the sky. 

This could have been a series of objects, but in my opinion it would have been extremely difficult for individual objects to stay in such a perfecly straight line and pace the way these did. If this was in fact one singular object it would have had to have been SEVERAL FOOTBALL FIELDS LONG, maybe even over a mile or two long (possibly longer?). I only saw about 15 or so of the lights, but my daughter Maya told me she saw at least a couple dozen. My other daughter Emilia said they all seemed to disappear around the same spot in the sky. My daughters both heard buzzing/vibrating but my wife and I didn't hear anything like that that we can remember. I'm interested to see what further video analysis might uncover regarding the symmetry and motion of these lights so please contact me if you are interested in taking a look.

Best,
Jeff
