{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-18 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505287","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/287/mufon-5505287.json","updb_database_id":5505287}
{rjl} The object ascended in an arc, flew straight out over the ocean, zig-zagged, hovered, then descended at an angle until submerged underwater.

On January 18, 2014, my son and I took a drive down the coast in Carlsbad, California, a few miles from my home. It was around 1:00 am when we pulled over by the beach and were talking and watching the waves. At 1:45 am we saw a large, amber-orange, glowing object. It appeared to come from somewhere right on the beach less than a mile from where we were sitting, getting our attention by its size and brightness. The object ascended in an arc, westward over the ocean, then continued its ascension on a straight path west. At its closest,when we first saw it, it was big enough to cover a penny held out at arm's length. At its furthest, when it was further out over the ocean, it was the size of a pin-head held out at arm's length. It's ascension was extremely smooth and quick. When it reached its highest and furthest point, it hovered momentarily, zig-zagged four times, then stood perfectly still for several seconds. The object then headed back toward the beach, descending in a straight line but at an angle towards the water. It kept the same path and quickly got close enough to the ocean for us to see the orange glow reflecting off of the water, then close enough to have landed on the water. But instead of landing, it kept going, straight into the ocean, then it was gone and we didn't see anything more. The duration of the entire sighting was just over one minute and there was no sound at all. We were amazed and stayed there, watching the spot where it had submerged, seeing if it would come back to the surface or affect the surrounding water in any way, but nothing more happened and we left after fifteen more minutes had elapsed. All we could do was stare at each other and then back at the water. On the way home, we tried to come up with different aerial vehicles that we know of that it could have been, but couldn't think of any. I have lived on or near air bases for most of my life and am quite familiar with all kinds of fighter jets, cargo jets, different types of helicopters, etc. and this was nothing like anything I have ever seen or known of. I am very intrigued and would like to know what it was that we saw and if there are more of them.
