{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486287","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3123,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/287/mufon-5486287.json","updb_database_id":5486287}
{dr}Triangle UFO with airplane-ish image beneath flying silently VERY slowly parallel to highway

I am a former Marine Corps scout sniper and highly trained/experienced in observation. I was dropping off my dad following a road trip back from a wedding. I was driving my vehicle southbound on Main Street in Manchester. Just before (~250 feet) the onramp to I-384 East, I noticed what I initially thought was an airplane flying over my position northbound directly above Main Street. It seemed to be EXTREMELY low to the ground for an airplane considering the lack of proximity to an airport, and was flying VERY slowly. The speed-altitude abnormality and strangely positioned lights prompted me to stop my car in the middle of the road and get out (the road was devoid of other vehicles). I looked up at the airplane in awe for 1-2 minutes. It was hovering/flying in a constant path at a constant speed and altitude in COMPLETE SILENCE. Upon closer observation, there was a triangle shaped, completely blacked out aircraft with three yellow-white lights equidistant apart from each other close to the corners of the triangle. Directly underneath the triangular aircraft was the image of a 747 (I believe) airplane. It appeared to be a real object except for how low and slowly it was flying. It remained directly below the triangle-shaped craft and did not waver at all from this position as if they were moving in complete unison or even attached to one another... Based on the perceived size of the image of the airplane, I would guess that the aircraft was at approximately 500 feet altitude. Based on that altitude, I would guess that it was flying at approximately 25 knots (~30mph). If the craft was larger than I perceived it, it may have been much higher in altitude and faster in speed, but the image of the airplane would have been WAY out of scale if that was the case. I stood in awe and just watched the craft pass overhead on the same trajectory, trying to make sense of what I was looking at. I would have filmed the whole event but my cell phone was dead at the time from the long road trip. I served 8 years in the Marine Corps as a scout sniper, 2 years of which I served as a combat instructor with the Air Force. I served on three combat tours and am EXTENSIVELY trained and experienced working with different types of aircrafts from many different countries and I have NEVER IN MY LIFE seen anything like this. You may feel free to contact me by phone or email if you would like to discuss the event further.
