{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-06 04:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469287","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/287/mufon-5469287.json","updb_database_id":5469287}
{jpg} Light bulb shaped with blue white beam to another craft below

I was awoken around 3:30am not feeling well. So, I paid bills and took envelopes out to mailbox little after 4:30am It was a nice night and looked up to the south as the half moon was in the southeast at roughly 451 from horizon just enjoying the view. I then noticed off to the south southwest slightly higher up in the sky a blue line that appeared about 1 inch in size in the night sky and was clearly the brightest object besides the moon. You could see Mars and Saturn off toward the moon so it was not the double planet conjunction.

The thing that stood out was that it was a very bright blue line in the sky with orb look at the top end. I tried to take photos of it but I am not happy with the digital camera as the moon light worked against the exposure and I could not keep my camera steady enough. I also tried to video tape it and again, I could not see the object or line in the video screen on the camera and it does not look like I captured anything. No stars or anything in that part of the sky in the video I looked at. I will look at it again under a better replay format that I can change contrast.

Frustrated with the poor camera capture attempts, I grabbed my binoculars which is pretty powerful with a zoom and looked at the objects. The brightest object was in the middle and had a light bulb shaped appearance. The was a circular orb of off white slightly yellowish just above the light bulb or tear shaped bright object and barely could see that they were separate objects. The Light bulb object was appearing blue white and had a blue light beam extending down to a third object which was a very dull blue colored circular orb that was not visible to the naked eye and I did not know it was there until I viewed with binoculars. 

When I first observed the objects they were just below the clouds. I do not know the altitude of the clouds that night but they were most likely over 10,000 feet. I continued to observe the object as it just sat in the same spot. Then it appeared to rise and went above the clouds for a few minutes before dropping below the clouds. I should note that the cloud cover was very sparse and light. Eventually, around 5:50am the objects never really breaking formation the whole time just rose and disappeared as it moved higher and higher. Given its altitude, it should have been noticed by anyone in West Texas from Lubbock to Midland Odessa. 

As a side note: The appearance of these objects appear to be very similar to the event that happened in 2012 in Lubbock and were all over the news. At that time, the objects were observed around llpm to around 1am. Additionally, I will review my photo attempts to see if I can see anything useful and relay along with this report.
