{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465287","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3577,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/287/mufon-5465287.json","updb_database_id":5465287}
{tjd} A sudden light and loud noise into my bedroom at night waking me.

It was after dark, and I was in bed sleeping with my child. I was startled awake by very bright lights and a very loud, mechanical sound that was persistent. I bolted into a sitting position and my first thought was 1OMG, a semi truck is about to crash through my window!1 It was then I remembered we were on a second story. The light was so bright I thought it was morning, as well as having some kind of light shone at my window. I have black-out curtains, so this much light is significant. The light was also incredibly steady, not shifting the tiniest bit through the entire experience. The very loud noise continued, and my rattled brain tried to make sense of it- was it a train? A helicopter? I thought it was a search light of police trackers looking for someone, but if that was the case they must be about to land on my porch and chopping my big back yard tree to bits. The sound and light felt so loud and invasive I was feeling like the curtains should be blowing around by it, despite the fact my window was closed. It just didn1t make sense for my environment to be so calm with all this noise and light. I felt like whoever was directing the light and sound at me was baiting me to go open the curtains and look out. I started to move to do so, but then felt like it was a bad idea. I looked at my child- still sleeping- and wondered if I should grab them and run the other direction, deeper into the house. My protective instincts were kicking in, and I was deciding to pick up my child and hide when it suddenly stopped. No more sound, no more light. It didn1t recede at all, it was just gone. It was then I realized it was still night time. This lasted a short time, like 40 seconds. 

In the morning, I looked outside and nothing was disturbed. My tree was fine, my porch was just as it had been. There were no reports of a chase of anyone or any search lights in the area the night before. My house is positioned in such a way that my back yard in is a circle of houses that are each less than 50 feet from the back of my house. Whatever it was would have had to have flown over at least one other house to get to my window. No one mentioned hearing or seeing anything. There was another person sleeping in the house directly below my bedroom on the 1st story and that room didn1t have curtains at the time. I asked them specifically about it, and they didn1t see or hear anything. They are a heavy sleeper, but it didn1t wake my small child in the same room with me either which did surprise me greatly. 

The light was different than any search light I1ve ever experienced. It was still very brilliant- more than any very bright man-made light I1ve experienced- it seemed to not care so much about my mental state haha. It seemed to hope for action on my part for interaction, and it felt too vulnerable to engage. Like a primal instinct to 1not come out from under the couch1 so to speak.
