{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-02-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521287","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/287/mufon-5521287.json","updb_database_id":5521287}
My family of three had a black triangle fly over our heads, in February of 1999.

The first time that I can remember hearing about 1flying saucers1 was in the 6th grade. I believe that it was the national magazine story of the Hill couple, who claimed to have been abducted and placed onboard an alien aircraft. The story and the pictures in the article pretty much hooked me for life. I searched for more on the subject, but my being a child limited my access to resources. Very rarely, something would pop up in the local newspaper. A couple of years later, however, a friend of mine brought a book to school called 1Flying Saucers: Serious Business1 by Frank Edwards. This had tons of stories and lots of photographs. I bought a copy of that book, along with many others on the subject, through the school1s reading program. Several friends and I devoured everything that we could find on flying saucers.
I have never been one of those who ranted and raved about distant moving lights in the night sky. That does nothing for me. I had seen clear pictures in my books and in a True Magazine UFO edition, of supposed saucers, and that was all that I was interested in. Clear daylight photographs! Maybe, it warped my perspective, but boys and girls a distant light or lights can be anything. Your eyes can play tricks on you. The earth1s atmosphere can play tricks on you. 
My wife and I experienced this recently, while traveling on a country back road at night. As we crested a hill, a valley lay out in front of us. There in the sky above the road ahead was a huge oval of lights, all seeming to be of equal brightness. They appeared to be motionless and both of us in the car were quite startled. I almost came to a complete stop, as we tried to figure out what kind of an object would be so huge in the sky and ringed with such bright lights. Suddenly, one of the lights dimmed and we could see a flashing red light near it. To our surprise, our huge oval of lights turned out to be a group of C130s, circling and preparing to land on a military base. Their apparent still position in the sky was due to the fact that they were all heading straight towards us, when we first spotted them. If our car had gone down a slope or behind some trees, during this event, we would have never known what we had seen, assuming the planes had landed before we had another clear view. There, boys and girls, would be one of the typical classic night time UFO stories! A giant object in the sky that suddenly disappeared!
That all being said, I am going to tell you of something that my family and I experienced on February 4th, 1999. I have kept a record of the date, for all these years, in case somewhere, sometime, somebody will tell me that they saw the same thing on that night.
At the time, the three of us were living in a heavily populated area, which is part of a twin city capitol. On many late afternoons, we would walk our street and the one on the hilltop above our house for exercise. It is a typical city neighborhood, with lots of houses and lots of traffic. We got a later start than normal, on that evening, and twilight was upon us, before we got to the hilltop street. The air was quite clear and the stars were shining bright. I remember looking up, several times, seeing a few low clouds passing between us and a lot of high flying air traffic. I don1t know that it was more air traffic than normal or that the air was so clean that we could see more.
We had just rounded a curve on the hilltop street, when my daughter said 1Daddy, what is that?1
When I first looked to where she was indicating, I thought that I was seeing the bellies of some low flying geese that frequent the area that time of year. But, suddenly, I realized that I was seeing three pale lights, one each in the corner of a black triangular shaped object, a little higher in the air than I had thought before. I am positive that the only reason we spotted the object was because it was between us and one of the passing clouds. The lights may have not actually been lit, but appeared to be so because they were reflecting the lights of the city. The object was moving at a slow pace, to our southwest, with the bottom slightly turned to us. We could see nothing of the top of the object and heard no sound with its passing. Within a few seconds, it was out of sight, because of the trees and houses along the street. 
I was the first to speak. I knew exactly what we had just seen.
1That was the flying triangle!1
I had seen lots of stories about that particular object. One standout had been an Unsolved Mysteries report from years earlier. They have appeared many times in Europe, usually near military installations. As a matter of fact, the course of this triangle was from the direction of a very nearby USAF base. 
My reaction to having seen the triangle changed over the next several hours. I started out by being pretty giddy, very happy that my wife and daughter saw it too, but by a couple of hours later my state of mind had completely changed. I was overcome with thoughts of why a loving God had allowed us to see this. I still don1t have an answer for that. Why were we allowed to see something that millions and millions of people have never seen? What was the damn point to it!! What has been gained from our knowledge that this craft actual exists? Why were we on that street at that exact moment and why did our daughter spot the movement in the sky? God, why did you let this happen to us?
In a movie, I would have been contacted by government agents or space aliens and the story would have been wrapped up neatly, with all parties satisfied, in less than two hours. In real life, I was spooked for a very long time. I didn1t tell many about it, for a while, because I have seen enough shows on television to know what their possible response would be. I eventually told. The response was as predicted. Pure disbelief! The fact that my wife and daughter backed up my story, carried absolutely no weight what-so-ever. Even my own father, who thought highly of my wife and daughter, could not hide the doubt in his voice.
I now knew what it felt like to be a witness to such a thing. One of those people you see on television that try to convince reporters of what they saw, only to be laughed at when the show switches back to the new anchors in the studio. No one will ever fully believe you. Even though you have nothing to gain, no one will believe you. No one! No matter how much respect they have for the others that saw it, they will not believe it happened. 
Sometimes, it really pisses me off!
My wife, who is a skeptic to all things supernatural and space craft wise, does not like the fact that she saw the triangle. Even now, if I am watching a show about UFOs, and she comes into the room, she will gripe about me viewing that kind of crud. But when I tell her that the show is about the triangle, she shuts up and leaves the room. Yep, she really wishes that she hadn1t seen it. I know in my heart, that she would have never believed me, if she hadn1t been there. So 1 why did God have her there? To give me some peace of mind, I guess.
My daughter will talk about that night, if asked, but it takes up no more space in her mind than a baseball game she kind of watched on TV. It doesn1t bother her, as to why we got to see the triangle. She knows that no one will believe her and that seems to sit 1ok1 with her.
What I hope that we saw that night was a stealth blimp. There is a lot of information on the web about that particular secret aircraft. What puzzles me, though, is why has it been kept secret for so many decades? It has been 30 plus years since the first reports started coming in about 1flying triangles1. Check on it! Every other whispered about military craft has seen the light of day in much less time. What is the point? It is not being used by the military in combat or there would be reports of it by now. What other frickin1 use would they have for it? To accomplish what? Just to be sneaky? It makes no sense for all the more current reports of triangles to still be a stealth blimp!
I do hope that it is, though. It being anything else is not very comforting to me.
I wish that I hadn1t seen it! I start off this tale, every time, in a positive frame of mind, but by this point in the story, I just get mad! I didn1t want to see it. I never looked for anything like that in the sky! I wish that this had never happened to me. 
Well, I1ve got myself all spooked again! At least it will be a good reason for a terrible night of sleep! Unlike what a famous scientist said, years ago, about seeing strange things in the sky, I suggest that you don1t 1look up1. What bliss to not be a part of this mystery!
One of my friends told me how he wished that he had seen the flying triangle. He really doesn1t understand. I wouldn1t wish my experience on my worst enemy! Not unless they could handle the mental part of it all better than me.
But then, who couldn1t? I1m crazy! I see flying saucers!
