{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-03 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484234","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/234/mufon-5484234.json","updb_database_id":5484234}
{nd} Ball of light with trail of smoke behind it. Watched for 30 mins 5 others witnessed as well. Planes in the sky at the same time.

I am a Pastor of a local Church and my wife and I had drove to Church sepreatly and were meeting our kids for dinner so we were in different cars. As we pulled out and headed West we noticed a beautiful sunset with many planes in the sky leaving short contrails. 

My wife called me within a quarter mile and asked my what the bright object to the left was. She wondered if it was Venus.

I told her no that if she looked at it closely it was like a short line and not just round. I said maybe it is a plane flying West.

We watched it as we drove to the restaurant and commented about its brightness and strangeness all the way to the restaurant.

As we parked we hung up and were greeted by our Son asking us if we saw the strange light in the sky.
We told him our account thus far and our daughter, daughter in law and son in-law commented and saw it too.

At that point we had drove the same direction that it was traveling, West, and its trail was longer. 

From the round shinny ball at the front two tails came off it for a short time which then converged into one bigger tail.

My Son and I commented that it looked like a video we had seen that was also claimed to be shot in Indiana. The footage is found here [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

I went to my car to get my DSLR only to find that I had taken in the house and didn't have with me! So I used my iPhone. I had my son take one with his phone which was newer so we could compare pictures.

We then went inside and ordered and I sat where I could view it out the window. Several planes came closer so I went outside and took another picture so I could compare the planes beside the object. They are not the same.

The tail was longer when we arrived at the restaurant but while looking for the camera and messing with the iPhone the tail had gotten shorter as the object moved on. As it went further away it looked shorter. Perspective I imagine.
My pictures show it with the shorter tail.

I watched it out the window before it went below the horizon.

We are amateur sky watchers. We observe Meteors, satellites, the space station and the stars regularly. This was not any of those. It was slow. Falling like a meteor yet not falling. It is like it was flying just in the area of the sky where it would burn like the shuttle on reentry.

I have two pictures to upload and a screen shot from the video I linked to above to compare.
The second picture has two airplanes in the lower left. The object is at the edge of the tree and the planes are below the light post. You can see the difference in the brightness of the object vs. and airplane.

The object was just like the video posted in December. The tail was shorter I believe because the Sunset was so intense. The tail seemed to me to reflect the sunset though.
I put the DSLR back in the car so I will most likely never see anything like it again!
