{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496234","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63175","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/234/mufon-5496234.json","updb_database_id":5496234}
{nd} I was climbing down out of a tree stand in a very secluded area of the county when it appeared.

I had been camping on a friends property in a very remote area of the county for about a week and kept hearing odd noises in the woods of in the distance. Very odd calls that sounded like they could be a odd animal or ?? I could also hear a motor running out in the woods that sounded like a idling ATV but never saw a headlight or tail light. One evening before dusk I decided to go out in the woods near a far corner fence line and sit up in a tree stand used for hunting deer in the fall and see if I could see what was in that corner of the woods at night after it got dark. I remained up in the tree stand well after the sun set approx two hours after sunset. There are no lights within a half mile of this spot in the woods. The moon had not come out yet and it had gotten so dark that I could not even see my hand placed directly in front of my face. I heard the sound of a horse whinnying it was coming from directly below me. I was in a thick area of the woods and knew it was very unlikely for a horse to of gotten into that area given it was private property, fenced in and not used by anyone except for deer hunting in the fall. I didn't plan on staying out there that long into the night and did not have a flash light I did however have a bic lighter so I lit it so I could plan my way down out of the tree to investigate the horse sound. I then climbed out of the tree and when I got to the ground started to head through the very thick brush in the direction of a mowed trail that I could take back to my camp site. I was feeling ahead of me with my arms out straight ahead and moving through the brush sometimes on my hands and knees. Then the orb appeared about ten feet off the ground and about ten feet behind me. It was a very bright light. It was hovering and moving in the same direction as me but I did not feel like it was after me just following me. It was very bright but offered no light that would light my way. It was still so dark I could not see or find the trail. By now the moon had just crested the horizon in the east which is the direction of my camp I just ran through the woods toward the crested moon stumbling on fallen trees and into light brush each time I fell I looked back and it was still hovering but never got closer than ten feet from me. As I got close enough to camp there was enough light from my fire that I could run at full speed. Which I did! When I reached the camp site it was gone. Since that day I have dug metal out of my cheek the back of both hands the back of my neck and the base of my spine. There is also a lump under my left eyebrow that wasn't there before. I really didn't think the tiny hair like but very long wires that came out of my check and the back of my hand were related to that day. I couldn't explain it and anyone I try to explain it to makes me feel like a psycho. The more I think about it and put that and other events that have happened since that night in the woods together I'm beginning to see how they are all related to a extraterrestrial something. Lol would like to talk with someone familiar with these types of events to I can get it off my chest and hopefully get an explanation for it all.
