{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-21 00:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453234","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/234/mufon-5453234.json","updb_database_id":5453234}
I saw 1 pulsating, glowing object moving in a very erratic manner, way up above me in the sky, slightly to the south of my location.

I was at my vacation trailer at my campfire just outside of Innisfail Alberta like I am every weekend in the summer. I typically stay up at the fire well after everyone has gone to bed, which was the case this evening. I was just listening to music and enjoying the fire when I happened to look up at the right time. I typically look up often to watch satellites, the space station and shooting stars. 

What I saw was a bright white, (way brighter than any star) perfectly circular object buzzing around up high. As you will see in the video, it seemed to be spinning and pulsating and even disappearing momentarily at times. It didn't really have a path it was following. It almost seemed like someone was learning to fly it, or someone showing off.....like it wanted to be seen. I looked around to see if any immediate neighbours were out and had seen it but of course there wasn't. I am completely zoomed in on my Galaxy s9, and in hindsight I wish I had pulled back the zoom a bit to gain more perspective.

I was recently talking to my brother about this event and decided to watch it again on my old phone. Upon watching it again I realized how odd this event was and thought I should send this in to mufon, to see what your thoughts are on it. 

I will gladly answer any questions anyone has.

I also have a completely separate event captured on video on an old iPad. If I can locate the iPad I will send that daytime footage in as well. I had sent that off to a local team at the time and their conclusion was it was a bug.....but I'd like a second opinion from a credible team.

Thanks for your time.

JP
