{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-02-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529234","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/234/mufon-5529234.json","updb_database_id":5529234}
Indirect Communication from three unkown objects

Hello

Briefly.... I have shared a relevant experience with family members a couple of days ago. This event occurred seven years ago in 2003, while living in Mexicali. I was visiting cousins at their shop.

This was my first encounter seeing these vehicles which were very high above. I have seeing other types of UFO's previously in the past. I continue getting obvious flashes in the sky while taking early walks.

During this particular event in 2003, I was not alone. I happened to look up and coming over the tall wall, a straight object moving at a slower speed than a commercial jet, was flying toward me from the north. The I told the person next to me to look, and I pointed. He and the rest of the people with me saw the object halt, while a second one came into the picture (wide open roof) and did the EXACT same thing, a PERFECT stop, right next to the other. The objects where literally suspended straight up above us for about ten seconds, while a third one came into the picture, the first one started to move forward again, moving south. Seconds later, the second did exactly same, while the third kept moving without stopping. This event lasted for less than a minute. These objects were materialized, not holograms. They made no sound. The color was grey white, enough to see the shape ( sharp right angles, no curves) llllllllllllllllllllllllll

I have seen other objects since, though not so formal ( pausing over head ), and so straight. The other experiences have been with bowl shape vehicles, hologram cylinder types, metallic hologram types....so many different obvious encounters.

The most common are the star like at night! The attachment are recent experiences. Very consistent.

Please advise if anyone is available for a private meeting. Thank you!

Regards
*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
