{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-12 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460234","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101061","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2508,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/234/mufon-5460234.json","updb_database_id":5460234}
{cak} 3 orbs or ship's

I was in prison in homestead,fl in 2007. Every morning in solitary i would exercise before breakfast so i wouldn't be as hungry the rest of the day. Then i would look out the window and watch the stars disappear with the sunrise. One morning i looked to the west and noticed three stars . i thought...hmm stars still out this morning. But there was one on top and two on bottom. Then i saw one of lower stars move from west over the everglades to a neighborhood over homestead. Then the second lower ship followed. By this time i realized what i was witnessing. The third more bigger ship was stationary and didn't move as if standing guard. The two smaller ships were moving back and forth over this area as if they were looking for something or scanning. This activity went on for at least 15 minutes. They regrouped with the bigger ship still stationary to the west. I am on the second floor with an unobstructed view. I waited all day to see if they would return and they did. As soon as it was dark they appeared in the same part of the sky to my west and continued to scan. There was another sighting prior when i saw a black shimmering object over my head one morning about 5am while standing in line for breakfast before i went to solitary confinement.. The object was just over the treetops. Like i could feel it to was so close. It moved in a zigzag pattern without moving its wings like a normal plane. It moved from side to side. The first one spooked me so from then on i kept my eyes open. Ive seen one on a cloud in Orlando in 20013. Ive seen several cigar shaped crafts in Lakeland Florida in 2011 in which i called the Air Force base to report at least 20 ships alongside my baby mama and her friends. No-one believed me until i got everyone out the house to show them. Entities are here in Florida as recent as 6 months ago. Other people see also. Everglades. Homestead Florida
