{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-08-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5519853.json","updb_database_id":5519853}
A telescopic light descended in at least 3 tubes covering myself and Brother-in-law

...For several months reports of UFOs were abundant in our area of Mid state New York, known as the lower Hudson Valley. Just weeks prior to this "happening" reports were generated to the East Fishkill Police dept. My brother in law was visiting and I was explaining to him what we had been experiencing. I took him into our back yard just after sunset and pointed out those "lights" in the sky that appear to be communicating through " different colored blinking lights". He immediately agreed it appeared to be as I suggested a form of communications. I believe in was somewhere between 8:30 and 9:00 pm. We joked, kidded about the sightings, and then I suggested half jokingly "why not try to make contact ?"....I did. The main unit began a rapid descent, it seem to be on a direct line above our position, it came to a "halt" and from the center of the unit a "light" dropped. To my amazement after 3 or 5 possible seconds a second light sprung out of the initial one and again in a period of 3 to 5 seconds a third light came forth completely surrounding us. It was "quiet","warm", "Safe", "soft", unlike any light I have ever experienced or seen before or since. I never felt fear but rather a sense of security. Time was "lost". I cant explain.It was about 11:30 when my wife standing on the top step from the garage back door asked "when are you two coming in ?"...Neither of us had any idea of where the time went. The entire "known" is what I stated and how more then 15 minutes to a 1/2 hour had passed I cant explain. My brother in law was frighten by it, still does not want to discuss it. Its been years now. Ive already died once of a "heart attack" and just need to convey this "happening". I have absolutely no doubt that I was correct in my thought, that we could and can make contact with this "unit". It has a level of intelligence beyond anything we can imagine. The "tracking" unit is sensitive to voice and actually can detect one from "space". The "light" I will never forget, I could feel it. Everything Im relating here is true. Ive talked about it from time to time and still don't fully understand "why" it all happened. Im into my 60s now and I want "others" to know, they arent alone. I don't know why, us.
