{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-26 01:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5285853.json","updb_database_id":5285853}
Triangular Shape, w/red and white lights

1. I was at coordinates: (Removed coordinates to Investigators Report Section/cms/fgc), on the southeast bound unimproved should of US Highway 277 near milepost marker 556. (Removed place of Employment to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL).
2. While performing duties, I first took notice of lights in the driver side rear-view mirror of my marked TXDPS patrol unit, as I am looking for approaching vehicles from the rear, and front. Thinking possibly a motor vehicle approaching so I decided to activate my issued Doppler RADAR to check vehicle speed, and did not register any speed, suggesting possibly an aircraft.
3. Upon not getting a vehicle speed, I nextI thought it was either Helicopter or Fixed wing aircraft (as the work I'm doing here at the Texas Border we have aircraft flying whether it is helicopter or fixed wing aircraft). I did not observe the blinking red and green lights typically associated with such type aircraft. I lowered my driver side window and did not hear any noise insofar as typical noise from helicopters and propeller fixed wing aircraft.
4. I observed the object flying what appeared to less than 5000 feet in elevation. Flight path was in a southeast direction. As the object initially approached, my stationary position I observed three white lights in a triangular shape, which I thought odd, yet knew it was not a plane or helicopter. I exited my patrol unit to attempt to capture video from my cellular phone( no luck). As I was standing outside my vehicle, I took notice that the object had no sound. The object banked to the north, and as it did i noticed white lights forming triangular shape.(three lights on each side of the triangle). Upon the object completing its bank it traveled towards the northwest direction all the while ascending. As i observed the object ascending I took notice of lights o the back/rear; three lights (two white lights on the outer edges and one red light in the middle).
5. Excited and nervous at the same time. Excited, since over the years, working various deep/late night shift schedules; I've listened to the MUFON reports over the Coast to Coast program with George Noorey. Nervous, due to possible abduction, as well as to report this to my dispatch due to possibly being thought of as seeing things as a result of working late nights. Yet no light pollution where i was at, and the only noise is the road/highway noise from vehicles passing my stationary location..
6. I lost sight of the object as it continued ascending, traveling towards the northwest skies.
7. I am a (Removed employment to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL). Additionally, I am a retired U.S. Army Veteran of 27 years military service, both in combat arms as a reconnaissance scout and military intelligence
