{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-01 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5291853.json","updb_database_id":5291853}
I saw a low flying Metallic Cigar shaped UFO 2 years ago and kept it to myself because of fear.

I was walking home from "School" one day, I'm a Senior in HS, 17, and it's just before Lunch Time. As I near the path to another road, just above the trees, I see this big shiny object flying really fast. No sound, and it's just completely smooth. No wings, no contrail, and no colors. 

It was flying I think North. I'm unsure though. To my right is an apartment building, up in the sky, is absolutely no cloud, bright blue skies. This object exited my field of view behind trees quickly, so I kept walking and was quite astonished.

About 10 minutes of walking, and now I'm a few houses from my house, and I look up to see it flying over me again in a different direction. I had this feeling in my gut that it would be a mistake to try to capture this on video or photo. It was low enough not just to be able to get a good capture, I think it would be one of the best. I was scared though. During that time in my life, I was dying, I had many health problems plaguing my life. I had pulled out my phone and pulled up the Photo App, and then I put it away due to the fear of Death. 

I have studied this phenomena extensively, I like to think I know a lot about UFOs, however, we truly know nothing and I know that whatever I know, may very well mean nothing. I know that UFOs are real 100%, obviously. I also know that UFOs have killed, maimed, and changed people's lives significantly, for better or worse is up for debate of course. Near my area, the Alagash Abduction occurred, however, I know I was not abducted. I show my signs of Abduction, and I don't have Trauma of unknown origin. I know where my Trauma's come from, and I do have significant Trauma. 

I apologize if my Mufon report is a waste of time, I've been sitting on this for so long, and I've dug too deep for my own good in the past into finding the truth, I'm scared for my life even if nothing would ever threaten me. I'm not paranoid, I just know that anything could happen. I needed to get this all off my chest.
