{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115519","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2651,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5287853.json","updb_database_id":5287853}
3 Lights in a triangle formation in Sea Isle City, NJ

My sister and I were taken to Scoops Ice Cream in Sea Isle City, NJ on the 4th of July 2012. We sat on the pier and watched the sunset (not sure what time but with the info provided I'm sure someone can figure out when). 

About 30 mins after the sun had set I noticed 3 lights above water and I told my sister to look to make sure I wasn't crazy. Sure enough we are both watching these 3 lights just hovering in the distance. At first I thought it was just a plane or something but as we watched, the lights stood still. Then they began to pulse on and off one by one so there was only one or two visible at a time.

My sister and I just looked at each other like "nah, I'm not seeing that" but we were and we couldn't believe it. After about 5 mins the lights moved very fast towards the horizon. Again we just kind of looked at each other like "oh, hell no" 

I thought that was the end but a few mins later 2 black helicopters went blazing in that same direction the lights went in. I knew for sure they were helicopters because 
1: I could actually see what they looked like as apposed to the lights. 
2: They sure sounded like helicopters; again unlike the lights. (no sound) 

We confirmed to each other right there that we saw the same thing and shortly after we were on our way back home. 

We were staying at our uncles house for the vacation and we didn't tell anyone ever. I only recently remembered all this because I saw Mufon's show on Netflix (Hangar 1) and my sister recalled the incident. As we tried remembering details, time, place etc... I came across this old YouTube video. 

(Link moved to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL)

There is like a 1 in a million chance that someone else was there and its crazy that someone caught it. You can see my comment on the video. To be fair there is basically no footage cause god knows what phone this person was using in 2012 and it's at night so... I just thought it was cool that I found someone that saw it too.
