{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-01-06 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77099","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5482853.json","updb_database_id":5482853}
{cak} Did not see craft, only small black entity sitting on my legs for over 7 hours

I first encountered these entities in 1995 briefly in the early summer in OKC, (they are small black flying things unlike any "creature" or "animal" or typical walking alien you stereotypically see depicted on tv. They don't look so concrete, almost as if they have some sort of black holographic cloak surrounding them. When you look at them, it is like looking into a black void, you can't make it out and it doesn't make sense. I doubt they have wings, as their flight pattern doesn't suggest a wing flap type acceleration, because they are 50 times faster than any bird or land animal on earth. I noticed it first in a hotel bathroom, right before going on my first overseas trip to Great Britain at the age of 16. They are much smaller than humans, and Pinpointing it in the bathroom was very difficult, but I could feel it brush by my shoulders and head. I became violently ill, not sure why. I managed to make it to GB, a three week long trip away from my mom, and at that point she hadn't seen it and I NEVER spoke of it, but unusual things occurred in GB. Time went by, and I blocked it out of my memory, dismissing as some sort of demon because of religious brainwashing I endured growing up. In 2001, I had some mental instability and ended up in a psych unit, where I met a man claiming to be the entity. (20 page chapter in my book, but yes they can inhabit humans 😔) After a BIG ordeal, the man was released first, and then I was finally released as stable, and Mom was there to pick me up. At night, she took me to a hotel, where there was an indoor pool and sauna. I was the only person at the pool, the hotel itself was practically vacant. The black swarms began again, It would fly close to my head, disappear, reappear, and taunt me to the point where I told my mom I wasn't comfortable staying there. "Your professor said you could sleep on his pull out couch, do you want me to call him?" "Yes, PLEASE!" She got on the interstate and I could see it flying around the car. "Drive faster, Mom, there is something chasing us!!!" "I see it!" "Faster, go 85." She dropped me of at professor's, I took my knock out meds and got in bed. I left a small light on the kitchen. Prof's fam was asleep, I got under covers, closed my eyes, and felt something on legs. I opened eyes, and there he was, just sitting on my legs. I yelled screamed, professor came in turned on lights and saw it. I looked at prof and yelled go away. The entity sat on my legs all night, if I yelled it clamped down on my legs, so I stopped yelling. I passed out, woke up at 4 am and it was STILL there. By daylight it was gone. Prof was never well after that. He lost his job and mind and moved into a nursing home at age 53.
