{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-04-08 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2583,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5461853.json","updb_database_id":5461853}
{rjl} Witnessed from living room with curtains closed.

I was 12 years old when I had my encounter. It was about 1am on a Friday night during the early spring of 1994. I was watching a movie in the living room while both of my parents were asleep. 

(The room is on the ground level and has two large windows that face west to an open field, both were covered by thin curtains at the time.)

While laying on the sofa I began to simultaneously hear a low frequency hum and feel a vibration. I remember being initially confused as to whether or not it was mechanical or something natural like a mild earthquake. The intensity of the vibrating hum gradually and steadily increased. Within a few seconds the curtains became illuminated with a bright orange light. This lasted only a few seconds before fading away. 

When this happened I became more curious, the curtains would grow in a similar way from the headlights of a car in our driveway but I knew this was different so I sat up quickly to look out of the window. When I stood up the hum came back instantly but with a deafening intensity and the room became completely illuminated with a blinding orange light. I remember the event vividly up to this point. Approximately ten seconds passed between hearing/feeling the hum of the first illumination and the rapid beginning of the second more intense illumination.

Overwhelmed by panic and fear, I tightly squeezed my eyes closed and covered my head with a blanket to block out the light and sound. I remained motionless and didn’t move from that position. Eventually the room felt calm and I began to peek around, I slowly rose to my feet then sprinted to my parent’s bedroom.

I cannot recall how much time passed between the second illumination and my next memory, between 5 minutes and 3 hours have been blocked out. I know it was about 1am when the encounter began and it was several hours before sunrise when I removed the blanket from my head and ran to my parent’s room.
