{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-25 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3267,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5456853.json","updb_database_id":5456853}
{tjd} Glowing object buzzed 465 very low 7pm(night time)

Sky was clear. I was driving towards Carmel and then Indianapolis. On my way thru Carmel, driving down 37, I spotted 2 glowing objects hovering in the sky close to each other and took a short video. When I got up to my exit to merge onto 465 south they began to move and split directions. They also quit glowing the very bright amber color as they began to move and instead ran two solid white lights side by side, kinda like wing tip lights. After I merged onto 465 one kept buzzing the highway very low back and forth horizontally directly in front of me about a mile in front of me. It would go from left to right in my FOV, pass over 465, and then about 5 minutes later right to left. It was flying VERY low over the highway. In total it buzzed the highway about 5 times. It was quite strange because once I recorded my short video the objects began moving after being stationary for about 10 or 15 minutes before I recorded. It was kinda like they noticed me recording and then one “followed” me ( in front of me) as I drove the highway and wanted to be noticed passing over. After a few passes it came out to my left and lined up with my truck, appeared to be moving away from me (East) then changed direction suddenly after lining up directly beside me and matched my speed and direction (west) this was a very sudden change of direction and I found it quite strange. It followed beside me for about 5 minutes and then began moving away to make a final pass over the highway but this time even lower than before and I almost thought it was going to land/crash. It disappeared behind the trees as I got off of 465 at the Crawfordsville exit. I know what airplanes look like at night and this did not seem like an airplane. It was flying VERY low less than 500ft. This was at 7pm and lots of traffic on 465 at the time, I know other people had to see this which is why I’m posting. I have seen these glowing amber objects hovering like a ball of fire on a few different occasions and witnessed other aircraft approach them and appear to observe them. This has been going on for quite some time. Also see other people posting videos on here from nearby of the same craft flying low over neighborhoods. They make no sound just kinda hang around a bit and then fly off. Been observing them for a couple years and they seem to only come around about November-January. Only posting because of other past reports. Wish I could have took more video but I was driving in traffic.
