{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48563","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6967,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5509853.json","updb_database_id":5509853}
{rjl} The night Bin Laden was assassinated, black triangle UFO spotted 8 stories above hospital, heading towards LA

On May 2nd, 2011, President Obama announced that they had finally assassinated Osama Bin Laden. The news channels were on fire practically and Americans were literally filling the streets celebrating. It was a very patriotic day. There may have been some minor riots in Los Angeles and other cities1 I don1t remember clearly, since we have a lot of riots here. 
	I had been over at my friends1 house in Glendale hanging out that Sunday night. We both had work the next morning so we didn1t go out, but stayed in and played something on his PS3. I left his place around midnight, jumping on the 134 Highway back to my place in Burbank. I was the only car that got off on the Buena Vista exit, and once on the street itself, was still the only car there. St. Josephs Hospital borders Buena Vista Street on the west side, and Disney/CBS studios borders it on the east. 
	Right off the exit, I looked past the hospital and saw a large black cylinder hovering above St. Josephs. On the bottom of the cylinder looked to be 2 very long, very flat lights. The first thought that went through my head was pure intuition; how crazy would that be if when I came closer underneath this thing, that it would have a 3rd light? 
I regretted thinking that immediately as a huge third light took form behind the other two. Crossing from Magnolia Street, over the hospital and freeway, this enormous craft was a perfect equilateral black triangle and seemed to be heading towards the hills bordering Hollywood. Big as it was, 150-200ft, it was slow and low flying; just above the hospital really, maybe 3-4 stories above the buildings1 8 floors. So that1s an absolute maximum of about 12 stories above me, and I1ll tell you it felt damn close. 
	I distinctly remember getting the chills when I realized that it was dead silent. I looked at the clock and it read 12:16am. Burbank has it1s own airport, so we have planes and helicopters coming and going throughout the day and I can tell you that you can hear every single one of those vehicles from a vast distance away, especially that late at night. 
	Now, I was the only car on the road, apparently seeing a UFO passing over my car. I figured, 1f**k it, I1ll deal with the ticket,1 and stopped my car right there. I opened up my sunroof. I then looked at my old cell phone with a broken camera and thought, 1of course, that1d be my luck.1 Either way, I sat back and just observed. 
	I could see great detail on the underside of the craft. Giant bolts ribbetted the black paneling. The 3 huge circular lights looked less yellow-white and there was a red dot in the center of the craft. The edges of the triangle were smooth, rounded edges. The mechanical design of this thing was very sleek1 but absolutely appeared man-made. The panels were big but I could see every one of them, even smaller ones bordering the lights. I couldn1t tell if the lights were sunk in or bulbous, but it looked like they were intensely powered, perhaps the source of the crafts ability to hover.
	As it hovered, it didn1t stop above me, but kept going towards Los Angeles. It rotated horizontally ever so slowly as it moved parallel to the ground. It took about a minute for it to begin passing over the block to my right. This thing was cruising. I took my foot off the brake pedal and drove fast up the street. I kept looking back at the craft over my right shoulder. There were still no cars so I didn1t care if I swerved. Coming up on Magnolia Street, I took a right and was then able to see the side of the craft.
	This triangle was thin1 There was no angular topside; its hull was flat. It1s hard to estimate the width, as I was a block or two further away, but I felt like it had to be 8-12ft thick, or at least enough for a man to walk around. The impression I got was that this was like comparing the iPhone 5 with the first Sidekick. About 5-6 feet in from each corner of the craft, portholes began. They were a subtle yellow, rectangular and stacked close together looking like Domino1s. I stopped my car again and tried to look hard enough to see inside, but they looked opaque and it had travelled too far away. 
The 8-12 portholes began to rotate out of view and I pulled over to get out of my car. I ran to the end of the block, but in that short 15-20 seconds, the craft had completely disappeared.
I drove up the block to my house, got out, went to my room and locked the door. I1ve heard about visitations happening and personalizing the event, I feared I was being or had been contacted. Plus, I had lived deep in the woods before coming to the city, so perhaps there were other events1
A million questions sprang to mind that night and the next few days. I re-evaluated everything I had heard about the UFOs, aliens, and Government black ops - the works. I came across Edgar Fouche1s work, and also found that there had been waves of these black triangles seen in Belgium. I came across accounts of people seeing fleets of these coming off the back of gigantic phoenix-lights size craft. There were different variations of this supposed TR-3B and even versions to fool the public. Gravity weakening fields (gravity disruption, not anti-gravity) are the supposedly the key source of the crafts ability to silently hover. Some claimed that the Lockheed Company built it. Seeing how Burbank had a huge Lockheed facility at the base of the hills the past 100 years, it wouldn1t surprise me if that were true. 
In the end, there can be an infinite number of speculations. Some people I tell are convinced that it was an alien craft. Others believe that it was just our version of what we found at Roswell. I personally believe we probably obtained the science to create this thing with the intelligence and scientists we procured in WWII in Operation Paperclip - 1Wunderwaffen technology1 in other words. One way or another, I can only attest to what I saw as fact. I was close enough to study the bolts in the panels for close to a minute. Swamp gas, hallucinations, planets, comets, weather balloons and any other explanation could not account for a mechanical structure of this magnitude. For those I tell, they1ll never fully believe it like I can now. Alien technology or our Government1s, we1re being lied to.
