{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-06-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52984","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5505853.json","updb_database_id":5505853}
{nd} Came face to face with small human type

It happened many years ago when I was about 10 or 11 years old. It was nice whether. I went to my friends house. we all went outside to ride our bikes. This was a populated neighborhood with flat streets in Tarzana Ca. for riding bikes and not much car traffic. There was a long driveway with a graduated slant up, that we could all get our bikes up to the top and then turn around to ride down with some speed and when you get to the bottom where the drivway meets the street you have to go right or left so we always went right and raced each other down the driveway then right down the street back to her house..just a normal playing on an average day, nothing was different UNTIL I decided to go up the driveway one more time by myself for one more ride, as soon as I got to the top I noticed what I thought was kid riding a bike from the main part of the property that was wooded, seemed broken down and deshoveled, you could not see in the area that he came from, like outta nowhere, so I stood there while he rode over to me, Believe it or not he was on a boys bike with a sissy bar even, he was dressed in a red penalton shirt with jeans,I noticed he was not very well versed and very shaky on the bike and noticed he had very thin long feet, but as he got closer I saw his head size was hugh, his, what would be eyes were very large and black almond shaped taking up most of his face and up to his forhead, the whole face was like almond shaped. I cant remember a mouth or a nose or even ears, it was grayish white head and face, funny I do remember a hairline type black in color but not hair it was like smooth flush to the face and head, he had a very small frame extremly thin, but then when I looked at this fingers on the handlebars they were VERY LONG and thin and distorted not like ours even the hand part from the wrist was very elongated and were the same color as his head. The clothes he had on covered everything except his head and his hands the next thing you know he was face to face with me looking right at me and never looked away, never blinked and had a deadpan look while staring at me. I remember my thougts flooding in to make sence of what I was seeing yet the weird phsysical deformations were not like anything I had ever seen before,Then I remember I was frozen, where I stood stradeling my bike, the reason I remember this is because I wanted to flee when I was terrified (kinda like when someone jumps out to scare you) That knee jurk reaction But absoultly I could not move or speak or even make a sound. Then next thing I know I was able to break away, I jumped on my bike terrified rode as fast as I could back to my friends house where to my dismay all the kids were in house eating with the TV on and laying around the couch Etc... I busted in the door wondering what everyone was doing in the house and eating and stuff we were just outside what happened to everyone, and did they see the freak boy. Everyone looked at me like I was crazy and to quit trying to scare them. They all looked at me like I was crazy and said they all thought I went home because they did not see me and that they had been in the house for a long time and were tired of playing, I remeber I could not believe it I was very confused and I do remember feeling sorta like the odd man out all the sudden like I had done something wrong, so I left and rode my bike home, then I had to ride past that driveway and was so terrified I could barley compose myself to get home. That driveway has burned in my memory to this day I can barley drive by it I shutter everytime I go by it as an adult!
The only other thing I have ever happened to me is one night in the wee hous of driving back to LA about 8 years ago in the desert in Victorville I was the only one on the road when outta the blue in my rear view blinding bright lights White, red and blue caught my eyes speeding super fast and swooping down on the back of my car, I almost crashed trying to get outta the way, cause at first I thought it was the cops cause I was speeding but it all happened so fast and the lights covered a hugh area, there was no sound. I had no idea what the hell was happening, then that fast they were gone. It freaked me out cause there was no one there, gone as fast as it came.
