{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2668,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5481853.json","updb_database_id":5481853}
{dr}Silent object, not a plan or helicopter, hovers overhead

Driving east on Ridge Road, from Munster, Indiana into Highland, Indiana at approx. 9 p.m. on 8.1, I saw a bright white low in the sky seemingly over the street, which is a busy road and had many cars on it. At first I thought it was a plane light, but as I continued east the object didn't move. And then as I approached it at the intersection of Indianapolis Boulevard (US 41) and Ridge Road, I saw it hovering slightly off to the northeast, near, over over, the Ultra Grocery store.

It appeared as a diamond, or maybe square shape. I was at the elevation I would expect a helicopter to be, maybe 500 to 750 feet I think, if it was tracking a car of person trying to flee. By now I could distinctly see 2 white lights, a red one, and a green one, of equal site, evenly distributed around the object. I heard no noise, so I ruled out helicopter, although by the distribution of the lights the object seemed about the size of what a helicopter might be.

I could only think that it was a drone. But it seemed rather stationary, in a stationary position, not moving at all. I was waiting for the object to move the whole time I approached it, but it never did as I drove past. It might have looked a little gray underneath, like the shape of the craft inside the shape. The lights we're bright enough to truly reveal the object.

US 41 and Ridge is a heavily traveled intersection, and there was considerable traffic at this time. That kept me from pulling over and turning around and taking a photo or video -- I'm sorry. But there had to be plenty of witnesses (motorists) at this time who could confirm. I saw this for few minutes as I traveled past it and nearly underneath. 

I hoped the car window and went slowly to try and hear something and see it more clearly. If there is no drone report, then it was an object unknown to me. I am a newspaper reporter (locally, the Post-Tribune). I have a reputation and long history of accurate reporting. You can believe my report. I just can't explain what it was.
