{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5465853.json","updb_database_id":5465853}
Approximately 10 observers at a community garden witnessed a large black dumbell like object hovering over houses in the suburb of Goonelabah, on top of nearby cliffs.

I was working at a Community Garden for people with intellectual disabilities in East Lismore, northern New South Wales and we had just finished morning tea in the shed, and the workers went out to resume gardening. It was probably 11.15 am.Suddenly, one of them rushed back in to tell me there was a UFO hovering over Goonelabah. This suburb is situated on top of a steep cliff, about 1 kilometre, or half a mile to the south east. Simon already knew of my interest in UFOs.

We all stood watching from the garden, about 8-10 of us I should think. It was a giant black dumbbell with no external features of any kind that we could see; no insignia or lights, no propellers, wires or anything else. 
It was at least 50 m long, and about 10-15 wide. It was hovering quite close over the houses, completely silently. I would estimate the height to be only 50 m or so, given that we were looking up towards it. It seemed to be longer than the suburban home it was hovering over, but quite a lot thinner.We were viewing it at a slight angle, and could clearly see the two ball ends and thick shaft of the dumbbell. We watched it for 5 minutes or so, then got back to work. When I remembered to look up again, it had disappeared.

Shortly afterwards there was a local UFO conference so naturally I went. I asked the whole audience of 100 or so if anyone had seen or heard of such a thing as a floating dumbbell, and nobody had. I have since read of a dumbbell fleet that invaded the skies over a Welsh village in the 1860's(!)
and now this one. That's why I thought I'd send this report.

I have had several encounters over the years, but this is probably the clearest and most witnessed. It is a pity we didn't see what happened to it, but I had to supervise people with disabilities and had to get on with it. I already accepted their reality, so wasn't so amazed actually. I had already witnessed a disc in Northern Tasmania, and later witnessed a huge long tubelike thing hovering near Mt Welliongton in Hobart in 1998. I live in the country, and we often see strange lights.

Kind regards,
Sandy Tiffin
