{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-15 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455853","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/853/mufon-5455853.json","updb_database_id":5455853}
{rjl} This memory festers in my brain

After watching several documentaries and after the recent acknowledgment by the Navy, I have to say something. I may have seen more in this area as well. What's even more crazy is, I may have been visited after the initial sighting. Ok, on with the sighting... My girlfriend, my cousin and I were staying at my deer shack with the intention of night fishing a nearby lake for walleyes. We waited until about 11 or a little after to head over to the lake. My cousin didn't make it because after he went all in on a case of beer he promptly passed out in a recliner. My girlfriend and I however only had a couple drinks because the priority for us was catching some fish. So we left my cousin at the shack and headed over to the lake. We got to the lake and launched the boat that we had previously brought over there. We motored over to a little rock pile I wanted to try fishing with some lighted bombers. We started fishing and caught a couple nice walleyes. It was a beautiful crystal clear night without a stitch of wind. I was looking up at all the stars when I noticed a small white object cruising through the night sky. I thought it may be a plane or something for a minute but then I realized it wasn't making any sound. My second guess was it was a satellite. I had never really noticed a satellite in the night sky before but I thought that's what it probably was. I decided to play a little joke on my girlfriend by letting her think that I thought it was a ufo so I took this big 12 volt flashlight and started flashing it at this thing. She got kinda freaked out and told me to knock it off so I did. We kept watching and seconds after I stopped flashing it, it stopped. It sat there perfectly still. I couldn't tell if it was moving straight away all of a sudden or just sitting there. That's when it started slowing descending, like a spider from a doorway. My girlfriend flipped out and drove into the bottom of the boat covering herself with the lifejackets. I stood in the boat watching as this thing descended to right above the treetops on the other side of the lake. My stomach was in knots. I felt like I had just killed us both. Then as the object sat above the treetops it grew in size. It went from looking like a star to looking like a full moon. It was huge. It sat there for a what seemed like an eternity but maybe only about a minute. The whole time this is happening my girlfriend is under these lifejackets not seeing what I'm seeing but still screaming bloody murder. After about a minute or so that object stayed in the same location but shrunk 3 times in 3 consecutive blinks until it vanished. That memory haunts me to this day but for some strange reason it almost feels like a dream.
