{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1967-03-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180057","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"s7mzdb","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180057,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
"Echo Flight" Missile IncidentNuclear
Connection Case Directory
Category
10

Preliminary Rating: 5

UFO
incidents with potentially nuclear
connections (Category 10) can origionally be
any Category class (including distant and
close encounters). Those NC cases involving
radar are listed as Cat 9 or RADCAT status
but are flagged on the DBase as "NC".
DBase entries show both Cat numbers and the
NC field flag.

"Echo
Flight"

Missile Incident
March 16, 1967
Lewiston, Montana

Fran Ridge:
What could be more interesting and important than an
incident involving UFOs and our strategic defenses,
especially where there appears to have been a direct
relationship between the incident and the failure of
vital missile targeting systems, ten missiles at one
site and ten at another, 35 miles apart! "Some
signal had been sent to the missiles which caused
them to go off alert status." What most people do
not understand is, this was not just an unfounded
rumor. The incident has been confirmed. Although it
is normal for authorities to "explain away" almost
all UFO incidents, this one is not that easy. This
is the story of extraordinary events that happened
in 1967 to Strategic Air Command Missile Combat
Officers; Missileers assigned to operate the
Minuteman Intercontinental Ballistic Missile , an
essential part of America's Cold War strategic
nuclear deterrent. Our thanks to Joel Carpenter for
locating the image of what he suspects is the LCC
capsule that was apparently targeted by the
UFO. And, most importantly, our thanks to Jim
Klotz and Robert Salas for the official reporting of
this incident to the world. And now, their book,
"Faded Giant", tells the full story.(See link
below). Also see a page from the Colorado Project
Trip Notes, dated 2/13/68, where the comment is made
"It cannot be ruled out that UFOs were the cause..."
*

Brad Sparks:
In the 1967 Malmstrom incident 10 Minutemans DID get
knocked out, but the investigation was conducted not
by NSA but by the missile contractor Boeing, which
issued a SECRET classified "Report of Engineering
Investigation of Echo Flight Incident, Malmstrom,
Mont - 16 Mar 1967." The trick was that the
UFO "rumors" were denied so that the missile
disabling could be investigated and reported as if
unrelated to the UFO's (which WERE sighted, contrary
to the flimsy denials). No satisfactory
explanation for the missile disabling was found.
(See below) Presumably whenever these kinds of
national security UFO incidents occurred that
affected military equipment there were
investigations by contractors who built or
maintained the equipment, and the UFO aspects were
compartmented off. At a higher level these
reports could be read by someone cleared to know
about the UFO details, and they could ignore the
perfunctory denials of UFO activity written into the
contractor studies.

Detailed reports
and documents
The
Malmstrom

AFB UFO/Missile Incident [1967] (Jim Klotz and
Robert Salas)
Minuteman
Missiles

Shutdown (Robert L. Salas, MUJ-345, 15)
The
Malmstrom Site Today
Trip

notes, Colorado Project, 2/13/68 (Paul Dean) *

Update:
March

2005: Book, "Faded Giant", now available (Jim
Klotz and Robert Salas)
