{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1975-10-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"lozoyl","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181180,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
UFO circles weapons storage areaFran Ridge:
Oct. 27, 1975; Loring AFB, Meine
8:45 p.m. Sgt. Grover K. Eggleston of the 2192nd
Communications Squadron was on duty at the tower when
the call from the Command Post came. He began observing
the unknown aircraft. Six minutes later, while watching
the radar screen, Eggleston noted that the unknown craft
appeared to be circling approximately ten miles
east-northeast of the base. This action lasted for forty
minutes when, suddenly, it disappeared from the screen.
Either the object had landed, or it had dropped below
the radar coverage. The Wing Commander arrived at the
weapons storage area seven minutes after the initial
sighting was made. Immediately, other units of the 42nd
Police began pouring into the area. Security vehicles
with blue flashing lights were converging from all over
the base. Through the Loring Command Post, the Wing
Commander requested fighter coverage from the 21st NORAD
Region at Hancock Field, New York, and the 22nd NORAD
Region at North Bay, Ontario, Canada. However, fighter
support was denied by both regions. The Wing Commander
then increased local security posture and requested
assistance from the Maine State Police in trying to
identify the unknown craft, which they presumed was a
helicopter. A call was made to local flight services for
possible identification, without results. The 42nd
Security Police conducted a sweep of the weapons storage
perimeter inside and out. An additional sweep was made
of the areas that the craft had flown over. All actions
produced no results. The craft broke the circling
pattern and began flying toward Grand Falls, New
Brunswick, Canada. Radar contact was lost in the
vicinity of Grand Falls bearing 065 degrees, twelve
miles from Loring. Canadian authorities were not
notified.

Detailed reports and
documents
reports/751027loring_report.htm
(Fran Ridge)
