{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-10-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5517442.json","updb_database_id":5517442}
Driving home from Monticello, we stopped at a stop sign and a huge-s shimmering gold object was towards our left side.

On October 23, 1972 my mother was driving, her cousin "B" was in the passenger seat, my brother, "JS", was in the second seat behind "B", my sister "J" was in the third seat of our Vista Cruiser station wagon, and I was in the second seat just behind my mother. We live on Long Island and have a house upstate in Beaver Brook, New York. We went to Monticello to see a new development of houses (pre-fabs). We left Monticello around 4. Going down 17B, a bunch of people were on a ridge looking north/east in the sky. We stopped. The road was jammed. I don't know what we saw but it was these lights, flicking off each other and separating and making symbols.. We thought it must be from Monticello Airport, an airshow. The sky was so pink. Something Ive never seen before. Anyway, we drove home on the back roads and got to a V-shaped intersection, talking all the time about those lights. My cousin had his left arm over the seat back towards my mother. I remember her stopping and the next thing I know he said "now what the hell is that?". I turned, and I saw what looked like molten gold about 100 feet away, in a field, just glowing and pulsating. I cant even explain it to my daughter. It was light but gave no light. Our car didn't light up, it was just there and it was just a color. That was within an instant. Next thing I knew I was clawing the back of my mothers headrest, "B" sprung his head up, "JS" was asleep, and "J"ie was under mine and "JS"s feet, asleep. It was dark. Mom couldnt start the car, and "B" and I were "gogogo". She did and stopped at the next intersection near WelMet Camps. She got out and wanted to "listen". It was pitch black by now. "B" was like, "J", get in the car and us three kids were Mom, Mom. Our house was a mile or two down the road, and it was dark, so Mom took us about 3 miles down the road to the Hillside to get some dinner. When we got there it was 9pm. I have no idea where that time went. They gave us ham sandwiches from leftovers. We went back to the house and I remember pulling down the blind, thinking "don't come back".
The next day, my brother "JS", who had minibikes, couldnt see the mountains clearly, "J" had a headache, and my belly hurt. My mother never mentioned any of it. She just calmly told "JS" not to go too far on his bike, gave me a bi-carbonate, and, I don't know what she did for "J".  Later that day, Rudy, the octogenarian my grandfather had bought this property from years ago, and who was always invited to eat with us, had some startling news. He said he was "in the outhouse" last night and saw two moons. I went down to Yulan, where my friend "L" lived, and she said she saw the sun setting over the Osets house. Shes a simple, good country girl. She just stated it. The Osets house faces east. Thats about it for my story. Except for one piece: My mother read in Newsday (we live on Long Island) somedays later, that there were sightings over Long Beach, I think.  The writer asked for volunteer stories, so my Mom volunteered, and the writer came to our house: everyone had the same story and the same vision: except for "JS". He saw a hook into the earth. The Newsday man said most theorologists believe this is God, the ships Angels. The triangles everyones been seeing. Trinity. Years later, I wonder.. My daughter, when I outlined the entire route that we took home on Google.earth, pointed out a very important feature. First, alot of these sightings may be diversions. Where we saw this UFO was hovering above land in 1972 is an area known for natural gas. Today, there is a battle in that area against "fracking". I saw a map of sightings all over the world and theyre all in mountainous or hilly regions. I am no scientist. Could they be looking for shale-rich regions for whatever reasons I wouldnt know. Anyway, that plot of land where we saw what we saw has never changed. On my honor, this is what happened, I didn't see any aliens, this is what happened. I have no answers for that lost time.
