{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5469442.json","updb_database_id":5469442}
Serious friend who wants to remain anonymous, with much emotion shared, red orange disc came up to his terrace and he screamed and flew away

A good friend shared these 3 pictures of reddish orange disc that had just flown away from very close to his terrace in the outer suburbs of the country side town of Jipijapa (pronounced hippy-happy) in Ecuador. He had seen it the day before, but this time at about 11pm it came up close to his home. He was in his hammock on his terrace when he saw bursts of light and then he saw this circular object emitting a red orange glow, coming straight toward him and he called for his wife and daughter in law and all watched in awe, until he finally got scared and started screaming. A couple of neighbors listening to the screaming came out and also witnessed seeing the craft. He believes the craft reacts to his screaming and flies away. Here is when he takes out his samsung phone and starts taking pictures. There are 3 pictures I am sending which are in sequence. Please view the first one where you will see the craft right above the street lamp, almost about 1000 yards or less away (to the right of the full moon). Then the second picture you see it flying in direction of the full moon (object on the right above the moon) and the third picture you will see the object to the left hand side. Please view the angles and movement of clouds and all. They are incredible shots. There are no airports or military bases near by and no flight patterns above this small city. I have a site that is called Chirije which is a very ancient archaeological site on the ocean and where there is just thousands of acres of forest. There have been many sightings there, So this is why my friend trusted me with these pictures to show them to the world. He once had a disc follow him hovering above his car on a rural highway. Just wanted to let you know that in my area Bahia de Caraquez, on the central coast of Ecuador, we have had many sightings, my brother in law was blessed with 2. One he was able to see the underbelly of a craft while sitting on a boardwalk beachfront at about 7pm and on the second one he was driving with his 2 sons in the middle of the night and his car just suddenly stopped and all turned off except for his electronic dash board clock. He saw a disc that had beautiful lights and just hung in mid air and he got an incredible sensation that he was being sent a message saying You are not alone. He then says the lights on the lower part of the disc started rotating around faster and faster and it started moving and all of a sudden he just saw a flash trail of the object taking off and where it had been. Hope to have helped in someway at least making sure that you have a fact that in Ecuador we have been visited for a long time.
