{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5506442.json","updb_database_id":5506442}
{rjl} Literally a Fire in the Sky

This evening I woke up after a longer than anticipated nap around 10:30pm. I realized I hadnt eaten any dinner yet so I jumped into my car to go get something to eat and warmed it up a little. We recently have below freezing temperatures here. Their is also no cloud cover at all tonight. The moon and stars are very bright tonight. While I was pulling out of my driveway, which faces East and looks out over the Snohomish Valley I saw what literally looked like fire in the sky. It was about the size of a quarter from my view and I could tell it was moving slowly. It wasnt an airplane or helicopter. They sometimes fly hot air balloons out over the valley but not in freezing temperatures and at this time of night. It looked like flames in the sky, this is actually the second time I have witnessed this. The first time was a couple of months ago and although I thought it was weird then, I tried to just tell myself it wasnt anything and ignored it back then. I drove maybe a mile down my road trying to keep my eyes on it through the trees and tree line. Eventually the trees were too thick and I lost view of the Flying firey object. Once I got to a clearing where I could see back out into the valley I didn't see the first fiery looking object anymore but an object that looked like a big star stationary in the sky. It was flashing several different colors. Red, blue, orange, white, like a strobe light. At this point I noticed two airplanes. One flying towards the object and one flying over the object. I also used Google Sky Maps to verify it was not a star or planet. Which it was not. Their is definitely something weird flying around our night time skies. Its also strange that earlier today a meteor or some type of burning object fell from the skies in Oregon I believe. It was on the news. This object I saw tonight looked similar to those photos of the "meteor" or whatever they are claiming it might have been but it didn't fall to earth, it was floating / flying.
