{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-14 22:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5285442.json","updb_database_id":5285442}
I was moving a fake leather futon thing onto my deck at my apartment complex when I noticed this pulsating light in the sky.

I was moving a fake leather futon thing onto my deck at my apartment complex when I noticed this pulsating light in the sky. It was a cloudy portion of the sky so it stood out a lot. We have been out at night since we have a dog and have never seen a light from that direction so it was weird. 

The light was pulsating from like a yellow/white to a red/pink. It remained stationary and in the same area. We live close to the Cincinnati airport so we’ve seen planes and other flying vehicles but none of them that are fixated in one spot for an extended period of time. It lasted about 15 minutes as far as I’m aware. We observed it from around 10:08 PM EST until about 10:20 PM EST. I went to turn a report on my computer and at about 10:45-10:50 when I took my dog out to use the bathroom it was no longer there. 

I am normally a night owl and planned on reading that night. I have recently started reading the work of John Keel which is one of the reasons I have been so observant of the sky and why I decided to record what I saw. I planned to continue reading the Mothman Prophecies after brining my dog in because I’ve never read it before but I felt very drained. 

Within 10 minutes after coming in my fiancée, our dog, and I were all asleep. We always put our dog in its cage so I think it’s very weird that we forgot/ were suddenly so tired that we forgot. 

Also, I may be reaching so I apologize but a flock of crows were in the trees surrounding where we live. I’ve never seen any significant amount of crows since living up here and their was an entire tree line full of them. 

I decided to do my own research on UFOs in the Northern Kentucky/ Cincinnati area before I posted here and found that MUFON is now located in Cincinnati so hopefully you all dont think I’m crazy. Also, the Loveland Frogman was seen near by in like the 1950’s, the Hellier research team live in Cincy, and apparently UFO sightings are very common up here. The area just seems surrounded by high strangeness. 

I’m hoping that one day I’ll be able to figure out what I saw.
