{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3041,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5468442.json","updb_database_id":5468442}
{rjl} Didn1t see a ufo, just an entity in house

This first time I saw the entity I was at my folks house, just laid down to bed. Being a night owl The earliest that would have been was 0200. I had my Cpap on and was laying there reading from my kindle. I started to feel dread I think or pure fear, when I lowered the e-reader and saw it peerin* around the door frame of the bedroom. I was terrified, but not frozen. I flicked off my Cpap mask and grabbed my camping knife, I keep it by the bed at my folks house when allow, not the best town... by the time I was up with blade in hand and out of the room, I don1t know why I was so aggressive, other then maybe to try to scare it off, but I made it to the dining room to find it in the back yard on the other side of a locked sliding glass door. I stared back at me with deep large black eyes, I don1t know how long I stood my ground, but at some point I blinked and it was gone.

Since then I have seen in my yard both frount and back, at night starting at me, found 1foot1 prints in the snow leading from one window to the next as if something was peering in each. A few night at my house I have seen it with it1s 1hands1 clasped on the window sill. I don1t have a screen in the window since we used to have a ac unit in there.

Each time leads up the same, the feeling of dread or fear, then me seeing it, then me staring at it until I blink or go to grab something to defend myself and then it is gone.

I feel each time tha if I don1t act like I will hurt it or worse it1ll do something. What I don1t know, but my gut reaction is it wouldn1t be good.

Over all I would say it1s body is very very dark grey, but it1s eyes are black. The body is mantis like, the hands more like blades or sickles then hands with fingers. The head is diamond in shape no nose or mouth I could ever see, but I get the sense of sharp large teeth grinding or gnashing. Eyes very much like the standard descriptions of greys, large almonds of bottomless black, almost chitin like, like the body1s of the xenomorphs from the Alien movies.

Though very very stick like body, I feel or know it is stronger then me, but is frightened of the possibility of someone attacking it, as if it normally doesn1t worry about the person or thing it is 1hunting?1 Not sure if that is the right word.
