{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-16 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25033","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5530442.json","updb_database_id":5530442}
I observed a bright orange, pulsing object that moved around the Big Dipper for approximatley twenty minutes and then left in a westernly direction

Hello:

It was at 11:30 pm on June 16 of 2010 and I was having a cigarette at the side of my house. The sky was perfectly clear and I was looking at the Big Dipper and noticed an extra star. That perked my interest. 

The object ,I saw, started moving around in a zig-zag pattern, a circular pattern, increasing speed and decreasing in speed and slowly and then quickly enlarging in size and then decreasing in size. It pulsed and and seemed to glow brighter as it became larger. As it diminshed in size it glowed even brighter and became more distinct and sharp. Its' shape became sharper and more defined the smaller it became. 

When it became smaller it started to move all around the constellation in a very eratic manner. Its' movements were in and around the constellation. Its' movements seemed comletely random. It appeared about three times larger than the stars around it but when it became smaller in size it appearred as big as the stars but much brighter and sharper.  

My first thought was this is a UFO as there are very few lights in my neighborhood, outside of Novosibirsk, and on any clear evening you can see the satelites moving across the sky at the same time every evening and this object was not a satelite or high altitude plane, in my opinion. 

I watched it for about twenty minutes and then it left the constellation and headed West. At first it moved slowly and then very quickly and al most as quickly disappeared from view.

My feelings were entirely neutral. I was simply looking at an unidentified flying object, in the strictest definition of the term, as I have no idea what it was. I believe it to be a UFO. My actions and reactions were simply to observe the thing. I felt calm and curious about it. I finished a second cigarette and then headed indoors and related the story to my wife.  

I lost sight of the object as it headed West and disappeared.

Sincerely

Darren James Keenan, Dip., Dip., B.A.
