{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-21 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486442","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/442/mufon-5486442.json","updb_database_id":5486442}
We saw a set of multi-colored flashing lights flying very fast in the night sky.

I'm a 29 year old male and I live in Brazil, in Rio de Janeiro. Me and my girlfriend were in my room, lying on the bed at night, and it was about 2 AM. The temperature here was very hot, so my girlfriend asked me to open up the curtains by the window. As soon as I opened up the curtains, she saw it first, and she immediately asked me: "Oh my God, what is that in the sky?!!". When I looked up at the night sky, I saw something that I have never seen before in all my life. It was a set of about six flashing lights that were very close together, as to form a single flying object in the shape of a square. The lights were of different colors: there were yellow, green and red lights. The lights flashed at a very, very fast speed, as if they were flashing many times per second. The object seemed to be very far up high in the sky, very distant from us. And the object was crossing the sky in a linear movement. Me and my girlfriend could see it perfectly, and we were astonished by it. We became very excited by seeing it moving and flashing in the sky, and so we started yelling: "What is that?!! Is that a UFO?!! It's a UFO!!".
I reached out, grabbed my smartphone and tried to catch it on camera... but it was hard to focus on the moving object, and it was too dark to film it, and besides my smartphone camera has bad quality when trying to capture far away objects, specially moving ones. Aware that I could end up missing the chance to see it better, I gave up on trying to film it, and just observed.
My parents were sleeping on the bedroom next to ours, so we tried to wake them up by shouting. So my mom woke up, but as soon as she looked out the window, the flying object was gone - it flew away in a direction behind my building, so that my building was now blocking it, and we could no longer see it from the window.
Throughout my life I have seen hundreds of airplanes in the sky, and I am absolutely sure this was not an airplane, or any type of craft I have ever seen or heard of. We all know airplanes usually have two lights that blink in an alternate manner, and that are placed at the end of the wings. But in this occasion, there were at least six lights all jammed together, forming a square shape, and they all blinked so fast, it was even hard to tell what was going on. Furthermore, the flashing lights were of different colors, and the object did not seem to have any wings at all.
As for its speed,the object seemed to be very far away up in the night sky, further away then the clouds. And yet it crossed the entire sky in about two minutes or less - everything happened very fast. Therefore, we can estimate that it was moving at an incredible speed.
I am also absolutely sure that this was not any kind of "visual hallucination" or a simple product of my imagination. I know that what I saw was perfectly real, simply because me and my girlfriend immediately saw the exact same thing.
We were absolutely awake, conscious, sober, healthy and perfectly aware of what we were seeing.
When the object was gone, we started trying to find some logical explanation for what had just happened. We know what we saw, and it was an Unidentified Flying Object. It was clearly and easily visible, and it was unlike any aircraft we have ever heard of.
