{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-20 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5510805.json","updb_database_id":5510805}
{nd} Object too slow to be meteor observed through eyepiece crossing field of view while observing Saturn in telescope

I am a professional licensed investigator and, in fact, was a former MUFON field investigator. I am a former pilot and also a current amateur astronomer. On the night of May 20th, 2013 at what I believe was probably between 9:00 and 9:30 p.m. I was viewing the planet Saturn through my telescope using a 25mm eyepiece. The telescope was a Celestron Nexstar 4SE Maksutov-Cassagrain (4" diameter objective) with a focal length of 1325mm. Therefore the magnification used was 53X. As I looked at the planet, I observed a yellow disc shaped object move in an angled straight path across my field of view in the eyepiece. It took about 3 seconds to cross the field of view and therefore was moving too slow to be a meteor. It left a type of "panning or ghost" trail behind it that may have been due to the light itself crossing the path of the eyepiece. It did not leave a chem trial or meteoric type of trail that remained in view after the object passed. I quickly stepped away from the telescope and looked up to see if i could observe the object visually but I could not. It is quite possible that this object "may" have been a satellite and that the trailing stream behind it was more an optical illusion as the object passed through the field of view, due to its brightness, as I have already mentioned. The object, in the field of view, was definitely round, was steady in yellow color and did not have any other lights, aircraft lights or blinking lights functioning. It appeared solid in color. The trail or panning effect of a trail behind it was also yellow. In the telescope field of view the disc of the object was smaller than the disc of the planet Saturn as it passed. I would estimate that the disc appeared to be just larger than the size of the tip of a ballpoint pen when viewing it through the telescope.
