{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5282805.json","updb_database_id":5282805}
3 entities in my bedroom

I woke up for what seemed like no reason and looked in the corner of the room and there were 3 entities that looked somewhat like a grey alien except taller with a more triangle shaped head. They were “fuzzy” looking like an astral projection versus 3D. They were dressed in black “robes” or a black semi matt “robes”. I rubbed my eyes and thought I must be dreaming. But no I absolutely wasn’t dreaming, this was no lucid dream. Although I wasn’t scared at all, no fight or flight which is crazy in itself. I slid across my bed and tried to punch the closest one in the head (worst first contact ever) but nothing happened and they didn’t move just kept looking at me. Again I rubbed my eyes and at this point I was 100% not dreaming and 100% awake, alert but again not scared (why?) there’s 3 aliens at the foot of my bed I should be scared out of my mind at least my heart should have been racing at this point but no I’m calm. I was so close and the room is so small I couldn’t see below their mid section. I was right up in their face maybe 2 feet away. I went to my knees upright and stared at the closest one for maybe 15 seconds. Then I waved my left hand (like hello) 3 times. Then the one closest to me (the one I tried to punch, like a jerk man I feel bad about that) raised its right hand and waved back 3 times. I just stayed there on my knees upright very close to his “face” and after about maybe 20 seconds (felt like an eternity) nothing happened. I grabbed the blankets and laid down with my head towards the far wall not looking at them… and went to sleep. They never tried to “talk” to me or put any “images” in my head. I didn’t hear and “voices” in my head. I’ve never seen a UFO or UAP. No idea why they chose me and I have zero answers. I don't know how they got in or out. It’s been over a month since the encounter and nothing has happened since.
