{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-16 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5504805.json","updb_database_id":5504805}
{cak} Sighting of three 'star-like' UFO's in U.K. over to consecutive nights in 2011 - capturing 30 images digitally of event.

Because of my past experience/sightings of U.F.O's I was always looking up into the night sky to observe the stars when I was drawn to the brilliant star-like UFO that I always associate with previous sightings/photographs. This was high in the sky, in a northerly direction, but 'brilliant white'. I was then able to capture around 15 images that night of the UFO It was stationary, but also in the sky I noticed a further two 'star'like' UFO's in an easterly direction low in the sky (too low for them to be stars)- but they were not as glowing, or as bright as the object further in the sky, and which was the focus of my attention. I was excited, as always, because from my past sightings/experiences and from the images captured with my digital camera, I could see that, at long last, I was able to obtain further images of the UFO, but in greater detail and purporting to be, (which I have always believed) to be a Mothership of the smaller UFO crafts that I had obtained images. The sighting lasted for three and a half hours before the 'star-like' UFO suddenly became less bright (dimmed) and then just disappeared. I have observed in all my sightings of these 'star-like' UFO's, that this is the way they all disappear from view.
I have formed my own opinions on this, which I will be happy to share with you at a future date.

The next night the Star-like UFO returned again, very bright, but this time it was not as far up in the sky and it's position was focused more at the bottom of the street where I was living. It was around the same time of night, and again I was able to take a further 15 or so images of this craft, and to my amazement when I checked the images I found that I was able to capture this UFO craft at very close range, hovering above the rooftops of the homes at the end of the street, and during the time of taking the photographs this craft was not visible to me, which was incredible, considering the size of it, and on some photos, actually obscuring the homes at the end of the street, and the night sky obscured by all/some parts of this craft. Therefore I have images of the craft at different angles. 

Since I obtained these images, I have sent 6 of them to a Digital Forensics Expert in the U.S.A. (because of their spectacular nature and taken with digital camera)to confirm the authenticity and the fact that these images are 'real' and have not been manipulated, or altered in any shape, or form. I have his report to hand confirming this.

I am very well aware of the unique nature of my photographs and therefore would like my case to be investigated at your earliest convenience. I have had many more sightings of this UFO craft(s) from which I have further amazing images since my initial sighting of it over Lockerbie at the end of July, 2007. I have now amassed a collection of more than 1,000 photographs over the past six years and along with my sightings/experiences I hope in the near future to be able to write about these. Meanwhile, it is my wish that these photographs (because of their spectacular nature) be brought out into the open, so to speak, so that they will help the case of Ufology and hopefully go some way to changing the minds of the UFO skeptics.

I look forward to your confirmation that you have received this report and it will be investigated by the MUFON (UK) office, under the Directorship of Mr Chris Munns, whom I have written to, and he has advised me to report this sighting on the official Sightings Report. I am attaching a copy of my letter to him, for your information.

Meanwhile, I would like to take this opportunity of thanking you for your kind assistance in this matter, and hopefully in the near future I will have the opportunity of meeting up with an Investigator and to giving him or her an account of my past experiences/sightings and sight of the collection of photographs from each sighting.

I intend to file another sighting report in relation to one of my latest sightings here in Scotland, and from which I have been able to capture even more amazing photographs of the same 'star-like' UFO craft. 

Kind regards,

Yours sincerely,

[Name removed/cms/tg]

Copy of e-mail to Mr Chris Munns, National Director, MUFON UK Office.

I would like to report multiple UFO sightings and photographs, since my initial sighting of UFO's over Lockerbie, Scotland, at the end of July, 2007.
Please note that this was the start of my 'journey' with UFO's - which has taken me over a period of six years now. Mine is not the 'normal' UFO sighting, random and with sketchy photographs. This is why I have been reluctant to bring these into the 'open' so to speak, because I realise the uniqueness of the photographs and indeed my particular case - which still scares me - to this day.

I did e-mail a Mufon representative in Scotland but unfortunately, owing to the fact that I have had changes of employment/locations within the U.K, it was not possible to meet up with a Mufon representative. I was, and still am, reluctant to send my photographs via e-mail, preferring instead to have a face to face meeting with one of your representatives, so I can have the opportunity to show him my photograph collection, gained over the years. The most recent, taken in January of this year, depicts the Mothership once more, in the sky in Fife, Scotland.

Briefly, I would add that I am on the verge of seeking publication for my photographs, and consulted a Copyright Lawyer some years ago, realising the uniqueness of my photographs at that time. Since then, I have been able to capture many more, close range shots of a huge Mothership hovering over the roofs of homes near my home in Northumberland at the time, and these, in my opinion, (a sequence of 30 plus photographs, taken over a two night period) in January, 2011. 

However, now I have been able to obtain some more spectacular shots in January of this year, depicting a stationary UFO craft, on a section of the Mothership, along with two smaller crafts, in motion, depicting their power trail in the sky. Actually seeing is believing!  I have not sent in an office Mufon report to date, along with photographs, for the reasons stated above, as it is my intention to write a book regarding my experiences, incorporating the best of my photographs. I would like to make it clear, that my photographs are not just 'blobs' in the sky which could be interpreted as something other than a UFO craft, but a Mothership of immense proportions, hovering in the sky, at night.  

I would like you to know that I am a seasoned expatriate, having spent over 20 years of my life living and working in the Middle East, mostly the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, where I used to frequently camp out in the desert at night, and have a wonderful view of the stars overhead. This, (along with a culminatjion of other factors) led me to realise that the Star that I was observing from my loung window in Lockerbie in 2007, was not a star, and led to me taking a sequence of photographs. Afterwards I sent these photographs for analyzation to a Scientist dealing with UFO photography in Texas, U.S.A. who informed me that these photographs were unique, real, and in his opinion depicted two separate UFo crafts in the sky. Since then, I have also submitted another six of my photographs for forensic digital analyzation to an expert in U.S.A., (because of their spectacular nature I would assume that people would have doubts about their authenticity), and of course his report states that these photographs of the Mothership, at close range, have not been altere or manipulated in any way. They are real, just as they were when I took them over Northumberland in 2011. 

Now I feel that the time is right to bring these photographs to the 'world stage' so to speak, as they are so numerous now, and of immense scientific importance in the field of Ufology and hopefully will lead a lot of non-believers and skeptics, to realise that there are in fact UFO's - it is just that it is so difficult even to capture one good photograph of them, let alone the 1,000 I have been able to amass.

I would love to have the opportunity to speak with you regarding my case, as there are many more things in connection with these sightings I need to advise you about. Could you please therefore contact me via Hotmail, or to try and arrange a meeting with a representative in Edinburgh region - by phoning my work number which is [Number removed/cms/tg] (Reception of Royal Hospital for Sick Children in Edinburgh) - .

I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

Yours sincerely,



[Name removed/cms/tg]


PS None of my photos have been published to date, and very few people know of their existence
