{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5290805.json","updb_database_id":5290805}
circled house, crashed into me, airplane had no ID number passed over car at intersection

1 at intersection of Reovis Barrecks Rd & telegraph Rd waiting for traffic lite to change 2 flying low past me Feb 3 2020 3 low flying airplane 4plane flying sw over tree tops & houses no noise, moving slowly cesna type plane no id number, dull gray windows were reflective but crinkly - what is the plane doing. its going to crash! 6 kept going low over house, lost sight of it cars behind me at traffic lite but did not honk horn they mush have been watching event also the letters: have seen many orbs sorry I have no computer These things newer leave me alone all my life too much to list her March 21 2017 9 PM helicopter circling house for 10-15 minutes- went ono front porch. It seemed to notice me and come quickly toward me. I was hit by a red lite of some kind and suffered amnesia. I awoke at 1AM in bed with no memory of how I got there-Neighbors didn't see or hear anything- always paranormal events between events June 10 2020 People were seeing low flying planes in area that I live, I saw one in February 3rd was in my bedroom talking on phone when i heard a loud noise coming closer. I said what is that? he answered It sounds like a plane flying way too low. It then seemed to crash into room. It was so loud I couldn't hear my voice. Then it just stopped Neighbors didn't see or hear anything. Have had many UFO sightings though the years (name removed) STOP THESE THINGS! second letter Helicopter Attack Mar 21, 2017 Still some day lite annoying helicopter going around my house for ten or 15 minutes. I went from window to window to watch it as at one point seemed to veer off but came back in line and continued. Angry I went out on front porch I was surprised that no one was looking at it. I was angry and crossed my arms in defiance mode. It saw me and dove past me and then turned back where it was, don turned me like an angry bee was very disoriented, red like in my head of dark red lite with dim red lite. I was aware of me going inside house, but I was still on porch??? Amnesia occurred as I couldn't remember anything until I awoke in bed about 1 am, thought I could hear chopper sound then it stopped I Quickly fell back to sleep PS It took me 3 weeks before I could feel back to normal compulsive cleaning and washing clothes for hours each day Also I called neighbors nobody saw or heard anything--- 3rd letter Friend believed plane or planes were coming from Jefferson Barracks where reserves are stationed I told her they have no landing fields for helicopters or planes ( they don't) June 10, 2020 by a plane as i was sitting in bedroom talking on phone I heard droning sound that seemed to be getting closer. i said what's that? He said sounds like a plane flying way too low. Then came a loud crash. I could not hear my voice Then suddenly it stopped. We were both disorientated again as with helicopter experience no one saw or heard anything except for us two!
