{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-10-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5492805.json","updb_database_id":5492805}
{dr}Lights appeared, multiplied, 6 orbs formed a straight line, then rotated into two triangular formation, then one by one disappeared. Helicopter appeared after.

This UFO sighting was approximately around my first or second year in college in 1999-2000. My memory of this event happened a long time ago so it's difficult to recall exactly what occurred, but I could clearly remember what was happening before my eyes. 

This event occurred in Canoga Park, CA. It was night time around 8pm. I was hanging with 2 other friends in their neighborhood. V and T live in the same culdasac and lives a few houses apart. We usually go back and forth between their house, but in this case, we were walking from T's house to V's house. We ended just hanging outside talking in V's driveway. V then needed to go inside his house for something momentarily. While T and I were standing outside, we both noticed a strange light in the sky right above the Santa Monica mountains. I don't recall talking much during this event that lasted a few minutes. We were more in a trance-like state. 

I didn't know what I was seeing. It was a clear night. It wasn't a plane, helicopter, lanterns, or anything familiar. It wasn't a star or planet. The light seemed to be near just a couple miles away in the sky. This star-like object was much larger and more visible than everything else in the sky. It made no sound. It wasn't pulsating. It just seemed to have a steady bright glow. All of a sudden, the light multipled into two identical lights. Not sure if the light separated from each other or just appeared out of nowhere. Then slowly a third, forth, fifth, and sixth light would appear spread out in a linear formation spanning across the sky. These lights were just stationary for awhile until it started to move in different positions. I could see the lights moving from their linear form to different points in the sky. So now, these six individual lights are stationary in two triangular formations. I was in awe. I could not believe what I was seeing and never have I seen anything like this before. Moments later, these two triangular objects in the sky would slowly rotate clockwise, then counter-clockwise like if I was turning a door knob. It would do this a couple of times. I could not take my eyes off these lights. It seemed like I was watching this for a long time. The lights which seem to be orb-like lights because of the movements would then slowly move back into linear formation. It was still, but apparently some lights started to fade away or just disappear. Others lights would move towards each other and become one. Eventually, a singular bright orb-like light was left just like what I initially saw in the sky. The light then faded away and as it disappeared I seem to come out of a trance-like state and looked at my friend T like wtf just happened? We looked ate each other with amazement. We started to trip out trying to understand what just happened. We made a lot of commotion. We immediately tried to yell out to my friend V who went inside the house to come out. And seconds later he came out to us telling him what just happened. All of a sudden, in the same direction to where the lights were, a helicopter appeared to come from behind the mountains toward our direction and flying away. I don't remember what it looked like though. I definitely knew for sure that these lights were out of this world. This helicopter was loud and moving quickly. The lights on the helicopter was also different. My friend V did not end up seeing the lights. He only knows what we told him. I wished we had iPhones like today to record, but it is just a memory. Something that I will never forget. It was rarely brought up again between us. I had a feeling my friend T never wants to talk about it. 

Anyways, that night I went home, I tried to see if the lights my friend T and I saw made it on the news. I didn't see anything. I believe I researched the Internet too, and watched videos of similar sightings. I was a believer. Also during researching, there is a book published on UFO's Over Topanga Canyon, which is coincidently in the same region to my own sighting. It could be the same thing, but I have never read it. Goosebumps appear every time I see or hear anything about lights or orbs in the sky though. Sadly, months went by and no sightings, but I was carrying a camera at all times. I was always looking up in the sky. I would see nothing. 

Years flew by and I wasn't obsessed like I was before. One day I was at home and saw a series on TV about UFO's. I casually watched, because I always remembered that night. Then one night I see I see an episode on the Phoenix lights which I've never heard of before and it sparked my obsession again. I went online and researched. I would only be interested in similar sightings of my own, but I was surprised and intrigued with so much information on ufology and alien encounters. 

One day found myself reading about UFO's on the forums. I think it was a forum on the History Channel's website under the show UFO Hunters. I was just lurking at the time. I would read all the posts and discover so many things. I would read and find that there was always someone trying to bash or debunk people's claim. Because of my own beliefs, I don't understand how a person could rationalize another persons views or sightings if he has never seen or experienced anything like it himself. I know there are fakes, but I don't believe they are all faked. And because of what I saw and how there are hundreds of similar sightings on footage now, I'm just amazed that people can't realize that we are not alone in this world. Eventually I made an account and registered under the name Lights. I posted what I witnessed on the forum, but now I cannot retrieve it. The forum is now gone from the website I think because the show cancelled. Maybe it's been so long that I forgot how to get there. I'm kind of bummed because i want to know what I wrote and most importantly I want to lurk again. Anyways I still watch Ancient Aliens or whatever UFO stuff is on TV throughout the years and these days, but i want to see new discoveries and sightings. I never really got into Hanger 1 until now because I recently just saw an episode that interest me. And I am writing again to finally report what I witnessed many years ago because it was mentioned that I can do so. So I am. I hope this bit of evidence helps. I wasn't alone that day, but in ways I feel like I am alone because I'm more open about it than he is. It's okay, we acknowledged what happened that night and that's enough for me to believe.
