{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-10 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5292805.json","updb_database_id":5292805}
Very slow traveling UFO

I was headed home after my graveyard shift at Glitsch Inc., in Dallas Texas arouind 1am, and as I turned off Singleton Blvd onto Loop 12 going north up the on-ramp I saw what I thought at first, was a medium sized airplane about to crash across Loop 12. It was going East and was about a 1/4 mile from Loop 12 when I first saw it. I pulled over to the side of the road and stopped my pickup. The thing looked to be no more than 100 feet off the ground and was traveling very slowly till it stopped right in front of me, and probably no more than a hundred feet or so in front and about 75 to 100 feet off the ground. I could not see an outline of the thing against the black sky, but I could plainly see a row of about 15 rectangular lighted windows that looked exactly like the windows in a passenger plane, there was a and centered above the row of lighted windows was a red light that was blinking just like the wing tip lights on an airplane, except it was appearantly on the top of the thing, with no apparant wings.
This thing stopped right in front of me for just a couple of seconds and then started to travel very slowly away from me, going approximately North/East. It traveled in a stright line, but was increasing altitude at a steady rate while going over Dallas, it's speed continued to be very slow, at probably no more than 50 to 75 mph, as a guess.
When it was getting about a mile or so away from me, I noticed a small airplane traveling South/East, and passed just under the path of the object I was watching, but never seemed to see the object, since it's path never wobled at all. I could clearly see the outline of the plane, but never could see anything but the lit up windows and the blinking red light on top. Also, the view of the windows never turned like a plane would with the change in direction, I could see all of the windows till I gave up and drove on home. It's altitude was probably close to a mile as it passed over Dallas, and was still visible when I drove off.
