{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-24 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5455805.json","updb_database_id":5455805}
{rjl} I saw a 60 foot wide orange orb hovering on the tree line, with two symmetrical rectangles in the center one being blue and one yellow.

Rubbing home around 10 PM I noticed a huge light in a field about 300 yards away from me. My first thought was who could have put up a gas station while I was gone for only two hours. It look like a giant Phillips 66 sign or something to that effect. I must’ve turned around and close my door or something but the time I turn back this thing had moved about 100 yards and was directly in front of my house about 100 yards away from me. It was sitting silently above the tree line and it was about 60 foot wide, orange egg shaped orb. From the left side of the orb around the center a yellow rectangle ran horizontally to the center of the order. Then if you looked about 2 feet under that a blue rectangle started in the center and went out to the right side of the orb. Almost like an equal sign that never touched. And was not over the top of one another but spread out. My only thought was I need to get a witness someone else that can see this with me. So I made a beeline toward the front door and as I got close I noticed that his object was starting to shrink and get smaller. It was imploding on itself. I decided I better stand there and watch it because by the time I got back I knew it would be gone. I also had a feeling as if it may be reading my mind or know what I was thinking or doing we’re going to get a witness and that it did not really want any other witnesses. So as I stood there and watched it collapse on itself and get smaller and smaller it got down to about the size of a basketball and turn into a white plasma smoke that dissipated. As the white smoke dissipated it turned gray and then disappeared altogether. The whole incident lasted about a minute and the time that it took to shrink into nonexistence took about 10 seconds.

This thing was beautiful and very symmetrically laid out. The rectangles were perfect. But like I said they never touched each other and one was on top of the other and they only met or got close to each other in the center of the orb. Sketch attached.
