{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-14 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27808","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3163,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5527805.json","updb_database_id":5527805}
Object approached me rapidly then followed along side as I turned at an intersection

As I was delivering newspapers on a back road near the town of Reedsville at about 2 a.m. I was speaking to my sister who was in another part of the county also delivering. I approached a 4 way intersection that is in the middle of some large fields(farms). I saw a light at the horizon that was too big to be a star and was smaller than the moon(3/4 or so tonight)and besides, the moon was behind me. 

I told my sister that I thought, at first, that it was an aircraft and that it was going to crash or land in one of the fields(northeast of the intersection) and as the object got within about 200 yards of me it stopped midair and appeared to grow or glow brighter. It made absolutely no noise.  I became alarmed as a broad beam of light shone toward me. I made the right hand turn at the intersection(normal direction of my paper route)and as I drove along the field, the object followed along side my car at roughly 200yards. It was approximately 75 yards high and the light was making a sweeping motion back and forth (from the front of my vehicle to the rear). 

At this point I was quite alarmed and drove into a snow bank as I couldnt bring myself to take my eyes off of it. I managed to pull out of the snow bank and came to the end of the field. At this point the object was slightly behind me. I stopped the car and watched as the object rapidly headed off to the northwest and over the treeline. 

I was in the military for several years in air defense and I can say without a doubt that this was no aircraft I've ever seen. As the object turned and the light quit shining on me, I could see that the object looked disc-shaped with a domed top and what I can only describe as fins on the back with red lights along them. They were not visible as it approached me. The fins were large and if you picture the craft on your logo above with 2 large, rounded fins on the right hand side(think tailfins on an old car), that is the view I had as it left. 

I was quite frightened and my sister was panicked on the phone because the whole time the object was near me I was describing it and apparently I was quite loud. She said after it was over she believed me because she could hear the panic and fear in my voice. It took a while to calm down and as soon as I was done with my route, I decided to report the incident to your websight. As I write this, I feel anxious and still have that surreal feeling. I figured if anyone was going to believe me, it would be you.
