{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-15 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3119,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5502805.json","updb_database_id":5502805}
{cak} two events, on successive nights, red alien at work, red star morphed into rainbow of colors, both connected.

I went to a control room behind a steel gaging mill. I sometimes went there during lunch to meditate. I kept getting the feeling to open my eyes as I sat in a little phone booth sized alcove next to the DC drive panel. When I opened them this red alien head peaked out from the corner of the panel at me. I was unafraid because I have seen things far more incredible than this. I said ok, lets see what happens next. Next he side stepped out in front of me in full view kinda with a lilting step quite humorous I thought. I looked at him and said " if you can show up like this here then you already know who I am, what Im doing in here, and what I stand for" Then I found myself standing up close enough to shake hands with him and I told him before you leave Id like to ask you for a favor. I dont know if this can be done or should be done but if you could do something to throw a wet blanket on the ridicule I recieve here id appreciate it. With that he dissappeared. 
The very next night I went back into that room hoping to see him again because after such experiences like this you think of other things you'd like to ask of them. I got an instant feeling to go outside. So I did and there sat my number one ridiculer [Name removed/cms/tg]. I grabbed a chair setting there and went over to him and said hi "E" and he said hello whats up? As I sat down I said "E" you'd better strap your seat belt on because something incredible is about to happen, (as I said this Im asking myself huh? it is? why are you saying this) "E" then said " What? like some of your alien bulls**t?" I said to "E"," can you see that red star?" As I pointed to it, and "E" leaned over and said " yea" and that was the last thing "E" said for about ten minutes because that red star immediately began coming straight for us and as it came it changed its colors from red thru every color of the rainbow in order, until it was about 30 feet to 40 feet above us brilliant white, I looked at "E" and his jaw was hanging open. Then after hovering there for a few minutes it went backwards once again going thru the colors of the rainbow in order until it hit green then it went out like someone had flipped a switch and it was gone. The night sky was perfectly clear. 
"E" never again ridiculed me and "E" got to see things very incredible that I did because of my meditation practices and seeking of the truth.
