{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-26 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495805","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/805/mufon-5495805.json","updb_database_id":5495805}
{rjl} Saw bright, circular, pulsing light move around then hover on a remote hill top near my home.

I was on my way home from work. I don't normally go back roads home from my job but I had stopped at a McDonald's to grab dinner that night so I took back roads home. It was around 10:45pm when I noticed a weird light event happening to the right side of the road. I immediately slowed down and turned off my radio and air vents. There was a very bright, white, circular light moving adjacent to the direction of my car. This went on for a minute and then it stopped and hovered over a remote hill top near my house. This is when I started to become really curious. At first, I immediately thought it was just a low flying helicopter. But then I realized it wasn't making any noise and the light wasn't casting off a beam or illuminating anything. It was just a circular ball of very bright white light sitting in the sky. During this entire ordeal, I was less than a mile from the event. I drove towards the light, trying to maybe make out an aircraft of some sort but didn't see any origin of the light. The weirdest part that made me feel a bit uneasy was that there was absolutely no noise made. There was no chopping of helicopter blades, whirring of plane propellers, or roar of jet engines. It was dead silent. I pulled up and got within maybe a couple hundred feet of it. It was sitting above and to the right of a radio tower, which gave me an idea of how low this thing really was. I stopped my car to observe it. It was just sitting there pulsating light. I continued driving towards it and took my eyes off of it just a second to look at the road and the moment I turned back to look at it, it was gone. I have no idea where it went because where I witnessed it was at the top of a remote hill top and you can see for quite some distance around. If it had been an airplane or a helicopter, there would've been some sort of light sequence (which there wasn't) and there would've been noise (which there wasn't) and you would've been able to track it from where I was. I saw nothing in the sky moving away or trailing in a certain direction. Just empty night sky. I am attaching pictures of the area where I saw the light.
