{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78201","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5481783.json","updb_database_id":5481783}
Saw hovering lights , one on top and two underneath

Please excuse my english.

I was in my livingroom, and from the windows in my livingroom I have a full view of the little mountain South East of my home. It was dark outside at this point. I was sitting in the couch when I registered some outside movement in my side-sight. I turned towards the window and saw a bright, round white oval-shaped light hovering in the sky over the mountaintop. The sky was clear of clouds so I could see that it wasn`t a star. At first I thought it was a plane, but it stood still and I saw no other lights coming from the object as I continued to watch it. I opened the window to hear if it was a plane, but it was no sound. The object started to move, very slowly, a bit up and a bit down, but it didn`t go anywhere. After about 15 minuites of watching this thing I decided to look up on my computer if there were any planes that was passing in the area. There were none. I went back to the window, the object was still there, but now I could see to more oval-shaped lights coming in slowley from each side directly underneath the larger one. It almost looked like they merged into eachother and hovered underneath the bigger one. The objects remained hovering like this for about 30 minutes, before being what I only can describe as pulled into the larger object overhead.Then the larger object started swinging a couple of times before shooting up and in a matter of seconds being out of sight.

I did not feel afraid during this observation, but rather intrigued. I tried in my mind to come up with rational explenations, but I had a feeling in my gut that this was something "not of this world". I have not observed this type of phenomena before or after this observation.

My boyfriend at that time was also present and he saw it too. He also double-checked online to see if there were any military-rehersals or something like that going on near-by, but couldn`t find anything, anywhere.
