{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-11 21:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5455783.json","updb_database_id":5455783}
{rjl} There were three rings like stacking rings. Smaller as went down. Rings had diamondop oneone was a the top one was largest then the rest got smaller a

there was three rings like stacking rings. They got smaller as they went down. The rings had lights like diamonds surrounding each ring. Very bright it put me into a mesmerizing phase. They were very beautiful. There was space about 12 feet between them they just hovered in the night sky. It was a full moon night so I could see guiet well. There was nothing inside the space inside the rings.They didn’t rotate and made no sound just hung in the air. I have an acre field behind me l was sitting on my patio out back. All my neighbors had there back lights out. I first seen a glowing in the tree line across the acre to the east. I was watching the glowing in the trees and it started to move up from the ground to the top of the trees. All of the sudden my back neighbor flipped on her back light, the craft. Started immediately moving our way towards her light. I was thinking it was intelligent. It only took a minute for it to get to our place. I was sitting in the dark on my patio about fifty feet away. I felt as if I could not be seen. Mandy let here dog out and she 
went out to a concrete pad that covered some drainage pipes she was also talking on a cell phone. She really was into her conversation so was noticing nothing around her. All of the sudden inside the voided space inside the rings a large ball appeared it was black about the size of a Volkswagen car it looked to be made out of metal like titanium a door began to open up. The door was like a rectangle piece on the front moved up inside the ball curving as it openedl up only to go inside the ball. Out came a light like a spot light as bright as one. The difference was it came out like a japanese fan very thin but scanning a wide area of the acre and ground. It came very close to Mandys shoes. I kept thinking she has to be seeing this light. She was so into her call she must not notice it. Then it was just gone like you upluged the Christmas lights. I’ll
Never forget this experience. When it left Mandy was done with her call so she preceded to head back to her home I didn’t want to sound crazy but I had to get some kind of confirmation of what I experienced, so I asked her hey Mandy did you see that light? She replied yes I think it was a police helicopter. Then I replied but did you hear it’s rotors? She stopped and replied no Idid not looking puzzled. She then proceeded to go into her home. We never talked about it again. She moved within the next week but I could find where she moved if needed.
