{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2419,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5478783.json","updb_database_id":5478783}
{dr}Was talking with friend when we both became silent and looked towards the direction of the the UFO. We saw six lights above the houses a few blocks away just hovering. We both became frightened and ran inside. It was as if someone was watching us.

I grew up in the Texas Panhandle. As a teenager, my best friend and I were outside in the street talking late one night as we often did during the summer, when we both became silent and both looked over towards the direction of the the UFO. We saw six lights above the houses a few blocks away just hovering. We both became frightened and ran inside. It was as if someone was watching us.

1. We were outside in the street talking late at night. 
2. A feeling of being watched made us first notice the presence of the object. 
3. When we first noticed it we knew it was incredibly unusual, out of place, and possible "UFO" due to the fact that we lived in an incredibly small town in the middle of nowhere...nowhere near any military bases or airports or anywhere where large craft were a normal occurrence. 
4. The object just hovered motionless and silently in the sky. It was so still yet I could sense it had great mass...just like you can sense the mass of a building or large aircraft or ship. It seemed to be blimp shaped due to the pattern of its large lights but it could have been boomerang shaped as we could have possibly been looking at it straight on. It just sat still in the sky as if it was mounted there. No wobbling or bouncing. The lights were solid and steadfast.
5. It felt like a creature that had us in its sights and was observing us. The feeling that came over both of us was one of fear. We both without hesitation fled and ran inside. 
6. I with great hesitation looked out my bedroom window after I had ran inside. The UFO was no longer there.
