{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4276,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5510783.json","updb_database_id":5510783}
{nd} Dark wing shaped object flew straight line then went out of sight followed by bright light

I was sitting on my patio facing south about 11:00 pm the night of May 21st, 2013. I was simply relaxing and looking up at the sky observing as the clouds were moving in from the south soon to cover up the moon and stars. The cloud cover was spotty but getting more solid and quickly moving in to completely cover the open night sky and the moon. Where I live the jets frequently pass overhead either coming to or leaving Midway or OHare airports which are about 25 and 40 miles north respectively. It is a familiar sight. This night there were various jets at various altitudes coming from varying directions literally every few minutes. I usually can hear them as or after they pass. I am very familiar with them and how they look. I was sitting just quietly watching the clouds roll in. I then noticed a dark form coming from the west over the trees, it was a winged object and my first fleeting thought was that it was a bird. It crossed the sky from W to E in just a few seconds. It was about 35 to 40 degrees from horizon. and I tried to follow its progress east. It just struck me as odd. It just felt odd because after I thought about it for a second it didn't seem to flap at all, just glide. I got up and walked a few steps to see it as it went east but as I looked for it and it was just gone as if it flew into the cloud cover. I began to dismiss it as nothing. Then I saw a brilliant light for a couple of seconds equal to the luminescence of Venus coming right from where the object would have progressed. From my point of view about 35 degrees above horizon and to the southeast of me. It was shining either through or below the approaching cloud cover. The whole sighting from seeing the first dark shape to seeing the brilliant light lasted all of 10 seconds or so. I waited until today (May 24th) to report this because I wanted to look tonight at that point in the sky now that the skies are clear, and there are no bright stars or objects anywhere near that vicinity in the sky. If it were a lone bird gliding by (not flapping) that time of night then to traverse that amount of sky it would have had to be only slightly above treetop level and it would have been a quite large bird. If it were another object much higher in the sky then to traverse that distance in the sky it would have been traveling very fast and been much larger perhaps 100 feet or so. With no point of reference its hard to determine altitude or size. The object was black and the night cover was very grey. There were at the time interval of the sighting, 2 jets in the observable sky at the time. One at a very high altitude (30,000 feet) going southeast and from my view moving slowly across the sky at about 80 degrees above horizon and still northwest of me. The other traveling south and at a lower altitude maybe 3000 feet or less and straight east of me at about 30 degrees above horizon. Both had visible blinking lights and usual flight characteristics for a commercial jet. If the black object I observed was actually large and at high altitude I estimate it was on a course that would have brought it close to the later of the 2 observed jets had it stayed on course. I don't know what it was Im only giving my best observations of the few seconds it appeared to me. I don't know what that brilliant light that appeared for a couple of seconds was either. If it were a jet approaching with landing lights I would have seen it and/or heard it as it came out of the cloud cover or approached. I waited and saw and heard nothing of the sort. If it didn't feel odd to me I wouldnt report it.
