{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-10-01 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5492783.json","updb_database_id":5492783}
{dr}Witnessed a small landed craft in White Mountain National Forest land in NH in 1976

My One UFO (on the ground) Sighting

I lived in New Hampshire for about a year in 1976-1977 and would jog in the National Forest with my large white Shepherd. I lived in a rental farm house on Passaconaway Rd about 10 miles northwest of Conway. My dog and I jogged the same route almost daily in the mornings, as I was ski training. He was running ahead of me as he often did this one morning in the fall, when I noticed he had stopped, was facing into the brush and was growling. His hackles were full up and his teeth barred. I feared it might be a bear or big cat so I called him off of it, but he wouldn't budge. Not only did I not want him to get hurt but I wanted us both to go back the direction we came from. Then he seemed to totally cower down to the ground in total submission to whatever it was. I was petrified with fear and then I heard the humming, buzzing sound and felt the rumble vibrating through my shoes. I knew that the sound and rumbling sensation would not be an animal but some kind of machine. I somehow got my nerve up and very cautiously got up near my dog to see what he was staring at. I was shaking with fear but I felt like I was being pulled in like a magnet would to a metal object. I felt like I had to go to it. As I got to my dog's side I could hear him wimpering and see he was shaking. We were within 20 feet of this object. 

What I could see through the brush was a grayish/black metal looking object that had a military characteristic to it, but was only about 5 or 6 feet in height and seemed to have a crescent shape, not really a boomerang, but an elongated, rounded crescent shape with blue-greenish lights pulsating at regular intervals. The lights appeared to be emanating from beneath the edges of the form. It was fully on the ground and appeared to be maybe 30' in diameter or less. The ground vibrated and the humming sound was hypnotic and paralyzing. For a brief moment, maybe 2 seconds, the humming stopped, the lights stopped and my dog seemed to re-animate and slowly rose and backed off. I followed suit. We backed out about 4 or 5 steps and I took off running as fast as my body could push, my dog right in front- full speed. When I got home I paced for quite a while, wanted to actually go back again with a camera, but instead called the Forest Service manager and asked if any vehicles were out there where I described. They said no, but wanted a lot of detail from me. More than if they thought I was a lunatic or pranking them. They pressed hard for details. A few days later I got my nerve up and also took a handgun and my dog and went back to the site. My dog did not have the same level of fear as he did that day, but he was most definitely still quite hesitant of approaching the site. I pushed the brush back where I remembered it to be and could tell a large object of the shape I had seen had crushed the brush and ground cover down flat and looked 1swept1 over at the edges, like frayed leaves. After that I never jogged that same trail again. It was just too unnerving.

Several times over the next year while in NH, at least 5 times, I could tell that I was being followed. In town, at work, shopping, driving.  I moved back to Colorado a year later. Twice on the drive from NH back to Colorado I saw the same vehicle following me. Once they actually passd me out on the plains between no where and hell and stayed beside me for far too long, pretending not to look at me. I1ve told numerous people over the years but I never stop feeling the same fear and remember the paralyzing, hypnotic affect the humming sound had on me and apparently my dog as well. Over the years, and I1m 62 now, I have several times had the sense that a being was in my bedroom or house and I was completely paralyzed, yet wide awake. My eyes will be wide open, I can feel them blink, but there is absolutely no light 1 pitch black and claustrophobic. I feel totally confined, like being in a coffin and I can1t scream or breathe or move.
