{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71873","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5487783.json","updb_database_id":5487783}
{jpg} Same entity and machine entering my bedroom every night

I am 45 years old; these events occurred in the early 70's when I was approximately 2-4 years old. My family lived in an apartment complex in the city. Our unit was 2 bedroom and 1 bath. My parent's bedroom and my bedroom were close to each other. At the time, I was the only child.

Every night I had the same terrible dream. And I mean every night. It got so bad my parents had to take me to a specialist who attempted to treat me medically because of the same re-occurring night mares. Never wavering in much detail of what would happen. I was so afraid I would crawl on the ground trying to sneak underneath my parents bed to sleep. It was the only time at night I felt somewhat safe. Many times my parents would look under the bed to find me only to put me back in my room. I drove them crazy because of my fear of the dark and my night mare.

A few times I would see small weird white shaped lights up in the corners of the bedroom ceiling but it would always start like this...I would wake up in my bed. Paralyzed, unable to move or speak. I knew something was coming down the right side of the hall way from my bedroom door. No matter how hard I tried to scream or run to my parents bedroom, I was unable to do so. Even if I went to bed with the covers over my head, it would still happen. 

A being/entity would appear in my doorway. Always side profile at first. Then it would wistfully (like a military 90 degree marching turn) face me. I was filled with terror and closed my eyes. I would then re-open my eyes and the entity would be standing over my bed. I never observed any arms or legs. Only it's upper torso, head and face. It looked reptilian with big black solid eyes and big scaly skin. It would just stare at me and I would be in utter terror. There was never any communication between the two of us; just dead silence. 

Somehow I would get turned over onto my stomach; in one movement like I was floating on air. Then out of the corner of my eyes I would see a small machine come into the room. Like the size and shape of a small electric coffee grinder. It was floating in mid-air and it made a noise sounding similar to a hand-held egg beater. My shirt went get pulled partially way up my and my pants would get partially pulled down. It would then do something to my back, usually my lower back. I never felt any pain but I was so scarred and terrified. I always thought it was going to drill a hole into me or cut me in half but it never did. I then would pass out awaking the next morning.

The sunlight would be coming in through a window overlooking my bed and I would know and feel safe. I would then forget about the night's ordeal like it never happened. Only to feel terror and fright when it was time for me to go to bed that night. 

Because the nightmares were always the same, I gave the reptilian a name and the machine a name too. I told my parents their names as well. 
"Ho" for the entity and "Noisy" for the machine thing. In fact, my parents to this day remember Ho and Noisy; the 2 things from my re-occurring nightmares when I was small boy.

I can't say for certain if this was an alien abduction because I have no re-collection of being taken inside a craft. But if I am not insane and this really did happen to me numerous times, then I would call it an alien visitation/experimentation.

My hope is someone from MUFON will contact me. I would like a referral to a hypnotist. I believe I may still be suffering post-traumatic syndrome from these events. There is no logic to this. As I mentioned before, I am 45 years old but can still remember these events to this day.
