{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-02 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5513783.json","updb_database_id":5513783}
(GS) super fast like a meteor. was not meteor. made a 90 degree turn at speed.

I have been an avid sky watcher for about 3 years now. I have seen hundreds of satellites, meteors, airplanes, helicopters, drones, ISS, even spotted an X-37 mini shuttle last year. I have never seen an object/UFO that I absolutely could not explain, until December 2, 2012. At exactly 9:00 pm central time I went outside to smoke a cigarette. As always I looked straight up as soon as I was out to see if I could spot any satellites or other objects of the night sky. No more than 2 seconds after looking directly above my head I was surprised by the object which entered my field of view from behind me. I was standing with my body facing to the east, looking straight above me, the object approached from the west. It had no external light. I mean...it did not seem to shine. It had a sort of dull pinkish orange glow, almost like bioluminescence. The pinkish glow did not shine though. It actually seemed transparent. It was also fuzzy around the egdes. As soon as the object entered my field of vision my first thought was "There it is." Thats what I say when I see a satellite. But as soon as I thought "satellite" I thought "no" and then I thought "meteor" because of its speed. Its speed matched that of any meteor streaking across the sky. But as soon as I thought "meteor" I thought "no". This object left no debris or fire trail. It was not burning up! Then, a nano-second later I thought, and I am serious about this, I thought "vampire"! I do not believe in vampires. I think I thought that because it seemed like a living thing (I know even fictional vampires are UNDEAD) that was flying across the sky. All of these thoughts occurred in less than a second. The pink fuzzy ghostly object sped from west to east across the sky as I stood there with my jaw dropped. It took about 4 or 5 seconds for it to go from above my head to just above the treeline to my east. As it moved to the east it seemed to slow just a bit and it minutely zigged and then zagged back to where it was. Then it did something I was certainly not ready for. It made an instant 90 degree turn to the north and sped off faster than it was going when it was above my head. After that I lost sight of it behind the trees. I stood in the driveway saying over and over to myself "What the hell was that?! What the hell was that?!" I did that for over 15 minutes trying to rationalize what I had just witnessed. I felt...helpless. I have always been able to explain away anything I had ever seen in the sky that I ever had a doubt about. After 15 minutes or so of replaying it in my head and being dumbfounded I began to have thoughts very much unlike me. I began to think I had seen either an Angel or a Demon. And folks...I am not religious. I am a spiritual person but have never believed in Angels or Demons. If I had to use one word to describe the object it would be "Ghostly".
