{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-31 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120664","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5282783.json","updb_database_id":5282783}
small sharp white light surrounded by much larger misty white light, nearby 2 multicoloored light clusters

This happened about 7PM 31 January 2022. It lasted about 5 minutes. We were standing on the front deck, on the east side of the house, looking up over the rooftop, toward the western sky. 
Above the treeline behind the house we could see in the northwest 2 clusters of very small colored lights above the pasture which is west of the house. The immediate impression was that there were 2 airplanes above the pasture.
These 2 clusters of small colored lights were absolutely not moving at all. Later my husband (who was inside the house and did not witness the sighting) suggested they might be helicopters hovering in the air, instead of planes.
Whatever they were, they weren’t making any noise. There was complete silence the entire time this was happening. There was no wind at all. The lights appeared to be close enough to the house that we would have been able to hear the engines of the planes or the blades of the helicopters.
At the same time, directly to the west, also seemingly located in the air above the pasture, there was a small very bright clear white circle. It was much too small to be the moon. This small bright white circle was surrounded by a much larger misty white circle. The mist seemed to be swirling in a circular pattern around the small bright white circle. 
While the colored lights of the airplanes or helicopters were still absolutely stationary, the white circular thing was moving toward the south. It wasn’t moving rapidly, just smoothly, and it wasn’t making any sound at all.
After about 5 minutes, the white circular thing was no longer in sight, having dropped below the visual treeline to the southwest of the house. Then the lights of the 2 airplanes or whatever proceeded directly westward, and were no longer in sight, having dropped below the visual treeline to the west of the house.
