{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494783","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64679","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4339,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/783/mufon-5494783.json","updb_database_id":5494783}
{cak} Abduction during sleep in Dentist office setting.

While sleeping on my sofa, I had this experience: I was laid back in a chair, much like at a dentist office, when two very tall human-like beings, approx. seven foot tall, came through a doorway standing side-by-side. They were dressed from head-to-toe with blue surgical clothing, but I could see their eyes, which were very large and blue. The one on the right was holding in his right hand a silver chain. Hanging from it was a round silver ball with a pointed bottom around 5 inches wide. When I noticed it, the being started to hide it behind him. In my mind I was thinking it was the novacaine shot because the being went to hide it from me, like the dentist hides the shot from the patient, yet I knew it wasn't the novacaine shot. They were just making me think that in my mind. I begin to speak to them and realized that I was drunk-like. My words were slurred. I explaining to them that I was not afraid of the Dentist and they didn't need to hide this object from me. Next thing I know one of them leaned in towards my face and that's when I went unconscious. I woke up during the middle of a procedure and my mouth was wide open. They were doing something but they saw I was conscious and leaned in again and I went out. This is the end of the encounter.

The next day, I remembered my experience, which at first I thought was a dream. I began to look for evidence and saw that my mouth was split in the right corner. This made me start to think it was not a dream. Also, my tongue was not numb, but less sensitive to heat, as I had to reheat my coffee an extra 15 to 20 seconds in order to feel it to the usual temperature. I also had a strange taste in my mouth. I wouldn't say it was metallic, but it was strange. Additionally over the next few days, I completely lost my sense of smell. That's when I discovered a large lump inside my nose that wasn't there before. It was inside the septum part on my right nostril.

One other thing that disturbs me is, I used to have a beautiful gold crown on a back molar. I have not had any work done on it, but have discovered just recently, that the crown has been replaced by a gold cap. This disturbs me the most.

I have had numerous strange experiences sort of like this, but had no proof.

Here is one from childhood:

I was 6-7 years old in Denver Colorado which is my home. I did not see anything or remember anything but I will explain briefly what happened. I was at a playground with my older brother, Leonard, who was always good at watching me and very responsible. I was facing West while swinging, as he faced East playing marbles on the ground below and behind me. Suddenly he jumped up and screamed, "Run, there's a flying saucer." Before I could even react, he ran away as fast as he could, leaving me by myself. I looked in the sky to the West and saw an advertising airplane with the lights on flying about in the distance and it was certainly no threat. I knew that my brother would know better and that he surely would not have thought that plane was a flying saucer. I turned to go home, it was dusk. The next thing I remember is, it was very dark and I was walking up to the porch of my house and my oldest brother David alarmingly said, "Where were you? We were just getting ready to go look for you." I asked where my brother Leonard was and David said, "He's in bed, he's sleeping." I then realized that some amount of time had passed, but I didn't, or couldn't say anything. I thought David wouldn't believe me.

I was 6-7 years old, Leonard was almost 2 years older, and David was 8-9 years older than me. The playground was at most, two blocks away from my home. These were short city blocks.
