{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-14 23:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480256","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/256/mufon-5480256.json","updb_database_id":5480256}
{cak}object glowed white then green jutted behind moon then turned red w/center still glowing white

About 11:30pm Friday Oct 14, 2016 I went outside on my back patio and saw there was a nice full moon. I was going to take a picture. The night sky was clear. I focused my phone camera toward the moon and at the bottom of the screen I saw a light that I thought was a star. I snapped the picture. I wanted to take more so I aimed my camera again. This time the light that I thought was a star moved and kept abruptly moving in various directions. Suddenly it would disappear. A second or so later reappear. It did this several times then shot straight up behind the moon. It came over the top of the moon as a larger red oval with a whitish green glowing center. I snapped a picture. Then it disappeared. I called into the house for my boyfriend to come outside to see what I was seeing on my camera. It reappeared again under the moon as a star looking object only to repeat moving abruptly under the moon. I snapped a picture. Again it shot straight up behind the moon. It again came over the top of the moon as a larger red oval with a whitish green glowing center. I snapped a picture. It disappeared for a brief second and reappeared under the moon. It still appeared as a larger oval with glowing center. It stayed under the moon for several seconds. I snapped a picture and in this one picture the moon is elongated and distorted as well as the oval object now has an glowing elongated center. It then slowly disappeared. NONE OF THIS WAS VISIBLE TO THE NAKED EYE. Since my phone battery was going out, I went into the house and grabbed my boyfriend's cell phone. I ran back outside (a total of 15 seconds that I was in the house) stood on m patio in the same place and aimed my boyfriend's phone camera. Neither of us could see anything appear. We waited about 20 seconds then put the camera onto video mode but after 1 minute of taping nothing showed up again. I sent the pictures to my daughter to see what she thought. My boyfriend and I looked over the pictures several times. I posted them on my facebook and sent them to MUFON. I am truly excited to know what I saw.
