{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469256","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2496,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/256/mufon-5469256.json","updb_database_id":5469256}
{td} Star like object was stationary, the followed path of another star like object, they both then vanished.

I was outside burning some branches in my fire pit. It was relatively late at night, around 8:30 or 9:30 pm, but I had to stick around to make sure the fire was out. I stretched out on the hood of my car and stared up at the night sky as I do sometimes while outside on a nice starry night. I watched as some planes flew by (they had either flashing white or red lights so I knew what they were). Then a moving plain white light (like a star) caught my eye after the planes had passed. It did not have any flashing lights like helicopters or planes do, so I kept my eyes o it. It was slowly heading east in a straight path. I watched for about 2 or so minutes as it moved past stars and suddenly began to slowly vanish (it just started to fade away). I kept my gaze locked around the area of the sky it had disappeared, when suddenly, another light that I thought was a star that the first light had passed suddenly began to move in the same direction and speed as the first light (like the second light had been waiting for the first light for a randevu ). It too slowly vanished around the same area of sky. It seemed like fairly clear sky that night, but it is possible that they moved behind a cloud. I stared at the area for a extra 2 or 3 minutes. However, I never saw anymore movement. My wife came out of the house at this time and asked what I was doing. I told her this story, but she rolled her eyes, said that it was late, I had work in the morning, and I needed to quit playing with the fire and get ready for bed. It has take me a long time to report this so I don't remember exact dates or times, but it was at night, in the Fall, on a weekday, and happened exactly as I have described.
