{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-23 17:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457256","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104316","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/256/mufon-5457256.json","updb_database_id":5457256}
{jpg} Very large silver ball flying purposely over Molokai channel up ridge line.

This was a large silver sphere high in the sky. I was mostly whale watching at the bottom cliff of Honolua Bay. We had been there all day. I filmed some surfers while my bf was surfing. He surfs the coconuts break so we were parked down at the very bottom. I was sitting in the car looking out the windshield sitting in drivers seat. My bf came up to the passenger door and asked thru the open window what’s up. Like, saying hi. I said.. there had happened to be the largest amount of moving pods of humpback whales moving thru the Molokai island channel from NW to W. We are used to seeing humpbacks, but I was a noteworthy day.. a non stop stream of multiple pods thru the day. So I know he knew my eyes had been scanning for special moments.. so late in the whale season too.. so I answered him. I had just noticed a “airplane” what I just eyed. I answered my bf. Telling him I was about to watch an airplane come thru the channel to land at Kapalua airfield. Well that’s what I thought I was gonna watch. So he looked too. I pointed. (I’ve been in planes that took this route. I was interested) so he looks as I describe out lout, saying and pointing to the ocean just to the right (my right at the time) of Molokai island. High above the ocean in or at cloud level. The clouds were big and fluffy. As I looked I said this word for word” I’m watching this plane come thru the channel to go to kapalua but there it is and it’s coming towards us (I Point) but hmm where are the wings, it’s a ball and why is it turning.” He then sees and agreed verbally “where are the wings.”
We saw it seemingly tour the moo Loki’s ridge. The ridge line that also lines Kalapapa (leprosy banishment colony). Yeah it glided smoothly above the ridge line, went straight up and st the highest ridge where the land met cloud, disappeared. Then we looked at the land to see if we could make out any structures for size comparison. Can see no houses, school busses.. nothing. This sphere must have been really really large as we could very clearly see it.
