{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-18 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491256","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/256/mufon-5491256.json","updb_database_id":5491256}
Series of orbs hovering and slowly changing direction then fading away.

After leaving a nearby house and walking to my car, I immediately noticed what appeared to be at least 6 red orbs towards the South East. I immediately pointed them out to the people accompanying me and they too saw the lights. I first thought it was a series of cellphone towers in the distance as the brightest lights appeared to be ordered in a series of 3 vertical rows, each paralel to another; the video of the April 28 San Diego mistaken UFO sighting came to my mind. The lights were star-like and the brightest approached Jupiter-like magnitude. Then I realized that the lights could not be a tower as they went to high up from the horizon and they were slowly moving. Some orbs moved up, others moved down and some stayed fairly stationary. At one moment, one orb began to accelerate fairly quickly downwards and it made a triangular from with the two closest orbs. I began to think of what else it could be, but the absence of any beacon, strobe or green lights meant these were not aircraft of some sort. The orbs that did move did so in a smooth manner and didn't show any sort of organized stucture in respect to the other orbs (aside form the triangle). The 2 other people I was with were intrigued and quite excited to see the lights and neither they nor I could come up with an explanation of what we were seeing. After 3-4 minutes the orbs began to fade, almost as if they were moving away from us and heading into the far away clouds. They all dissappeared one by one until one was left; the brightest one, moving upwards from near treetop hight and slowly getting fainter. Seeing that the event was nearly over, we got in the car and left for home.

The only logical explination we could make in the car was that the lights were chinese ballons, yet the orbs did not move with the easterly winds at that time and they stayed fairly stationary.
