{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-14 01:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519256","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5017,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/256/mufon-5519256.json","updb_database_id":5519256}
Computer froze, a message in the back of the static was saying something. I went outside and saw a few ufos shining lights at one another. Flying back and forth they kept beaming each other. One flew low over the trees. It exploded and shot flames out.

During Summer 2010 I was sitting with my friend "F" at my home in Crossville, TN. As we were were just getting home from being out, we go into my room and start to turn the tv on. I was gonna grab my lap top but it was dead from where we used it before we left. I had left it standing upright on the floor, completely dead. After a few mins of talking and hanging out, my computer turns on and all glitched up. It was super loud as if the volume was up all the way and there were all theses weird glitches and pop up things on the screen. I was like "What the hell is going on here." That was when the light started flickering and the static stopped. The after the static cleared a what sounded like a sound track taken from a tape. I hear someone walking and they start reading off a file name

Name: ........
Date of Birth: .....
Social Security:......

I couldnt hear the name so I kept listening. It started to fade out until the track got super clear. Then a voice said "Hi, Im CIA Agent (forgot name) and we are here to talk about your abduction." After that was said, the wind started blowing outside and there was a strange light on the road.
Since I live in the woods kinda, there arent many streetlights so I don't know what it was. The rest of the track was untranslatable because it became warped after the abduction part.

After the sound stopped, and the lights quit flickering and everything calmed down...me and my friend "F" freaked out. 

We told people about it but nobody believed us. I still didn't believe it myself, I thought my computer had a virus and was messing with me.

About 3 months later I come home from college for Thanksgiving. I am on my brothers computer. My brother you see, he never uses or even knows how to use the internet. So he basically has a brand new computer that hasnt been using except for facebook. Anyways, I had been using his computer and "F" was over, the same one as last time. Plus, 2 other good friends. We were listening to music on Youtube and all of a sudden the same thing happens again. The song jammed then turned to static, the computer glitched up, and there was a message but not translatable because of the audio quality, the lights started flickering and the wind and the light outside.

After the 2nd time, I was pretty much convinced. I wasnt 100% though but I knew it had to be aliens. The following summer I would be proved right.

My friend "Z" came over and was going to show me some new music his band has been working on. He just got a brand new computer the week before because he is a graphic designer. He was at my house, chilling with my friend "F" (the guy who was there with me the first 2 times it happened) and my brother "M". We were listening to music at around 12ish AM when all of a sudden it started happening again, his computer glitched, the static came, the wind picked up, we heard some noise outside too. So this time, "F" and I, knew what was going on and we went outside to check it out. "Z" brought the laptop and there was a message in the background of the static so we couldnt hear it. When we went outside all four of us look up and saw them.

There were 4 ships. 1 big one in the distance in front of me shining its lights at another one even farther out there. The other was behind me shining out to a another ship on the opposite side.
They were way up in the sky, but low enough to know it wasnt a plane and to make detail out. They also would move and hover around their position, or not move to far from it. 

As we watched in awe there was another one that flew over even lower, maybe a couple thousand feet above the trees. They all looked like barbell weights with a scrolling red lights, kinda like the road work signs that have things written on them. Just red instead. 

After it flew down, it hovered for a few mins before busting into flames, causing a swish and exploding sound and what looked like zoomed into the trees below. Then it zoomed back up into the sky and went higher up than all of them. I sit and watched for another hour as they flew around before going back in and trying to figure all of it out.
