{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-07-07 22:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492256","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/256/mufon-5492256.json","updb_database_id":5492256}
{jpg} UFO came from west, turned, two large lights observed by 5 adults, 2 children. single beam of light to ground, then swept between isles of orchard, then onto us. Stayed for a time, turned again, then left towards west in blink of an eye!

My family had just finished a meal outside, when our two dogs began to bark furiously toward the west. (the back of the house where we could not see) I was the first to see a red orb of light come from behind our two story house. There was an apple orchard to the south of the house, at this time the dogs went silent. The light was about 500' away & visible to all witnesses. It then turned, & we could see that there where two lights, the other was white. Then a beam of light came out between the two, who's size at that distance was about the size of basketballs, or slightly larger. The beam from between them swept up & down the isles of trees, as if searching for something. This went on for about four minutes, then too our surprise it just snapped up on us! It stayed there with this brilliant light pouring on us, illuminating the backyard like daylight for what seemed like a very long time. We were either too shocked to move, or something. I can remember seeing mostly everyone in that light, just standing stock still. Until finally the light went out, like you would switch off a flashlight. The craft turned again, with the white orb going behind the red one, it was then I could see it was in the form of a perfect triangle. Then it shot away at such a terrific speed, that had I blinked I'd have missed it's departing. Again the dogs began to bark in the same direction as before. My Step-Father and my Sister's husband gathered up the young ones, and ran into the house saying; "it was just an airplane!" My Mother, Sister, and I went to the other side of the house to see if we could see it again, under the protests of those already in the house, telling us we were CRAZY! But we went, out of shear curiosity. But saw nothing more that night. At no time was there a sound from the "craft" as it came to be known in the family. (at least those of us NOT in denial!) this is the first time I've spoken of it outside of those of us not there that night. My Father has since passed, & my Mother is getting on in years, & I thought that there should be some sort of record of things saw so long ago, of such extraordinary things!
