{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-22 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79942","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5480127.json","updb_database_id":5480127}
{rjl} Observed Crystal Clear Triangle shapes in Clouds Passing Overhead

In good weather this time of year, I go solo camping often in the Jefferson-Geo. Washington National Forest, part of which spans SW Virginia. I've done this numerous times and rarely see another human being. Depending on weather, etc., I usually stay for a week. On 8 August 2016, my campsite was deluged with rain and wind as a tropical storm passed from the direction of New Orleans to my campsite at the 4,160 ft. elevation of Comer's Rock on the Wythe/Grayson state line. I was trapped in my tent for approximately 3.5 days because of incessant rain and very high winds. On the afternoon of the third day (Friday, 10 August 2016) I pulled my damp cot out of the tent and lay upon it and watched the sky pass overhead. What I saw was both mind-boggling and very, very curious. There was an extremely high layer of clouds moving very quickly to the SW and a patchy level of clouds (almost like a tight mosaic of cloud patches or cotton balls) moving to the SE - very low and far from the cloud covering a high and being quickly transported by the apparent wind. As I lay there I began to notice that the blue sky behind each of the lower clouds was showing through as a crystal clear triangle...I actually said out loud, "what the heck is that?" It seemed to me that there were a number of "somethings" in the lower clouds and every once in a while, I could see them! I detected nothing more than their clear shape - a couple of dozen - and the fact they seemed to be hidden in the lower clouds. I also noted that I lay there in an extreme state of peace. After that layer of spotty clouds moved SE, the sky cleared completely and the sun returned. During the entire week I kept wondering what the heck passed over me.....seemed like a number of cloaked triangle-shaped crafts....bottom line: a series of perfect triangles manifested in a speed-moving layer of clouds, which dissipated momentarily, as the front moved through. The thing I think about most is the feeling of peace and/or complacency I felt. Never saw anything like this before.
