{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-16 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5486127.json","updb_database_id":5486127}
{nd} Large Bright Lime Green Rectangle came straight down and landed

1) I had opened my back sliding glass door to let my dog go out into the back yard, that's when I noticed the object.

Our house is situated on a hillside, and we have a partial mountain view of the opposite side of a small valley. 

2) The object was huge, (estimated 1000' high X 500' wide), Rectangular, square corners, and bright neon green in color. 

It resembled a rectangular Neon green sheet of light coming down from the sky to the ground.

The object came straight down at a high rate of speed from a very high altitude in the sky , and landed on the side of a large hill, about 4 miles from my location.

I estimate the time of the decent of the object, (sky to ground), to be approximately 3 seconds.

When the object came just above to the hill side ground it stopped and the bottom area of the "Rectangle" instantly turned into an upside down "V" shape. 

The upside down "V" shape changed in color into multi colored vertical stripes of red, yellow and purple on each side, and then the entire object just disappeared, leaving 2 bright white illuminated orbs.

I immediately drove my car to a location, off of the side of highway US395 about one third of a mile from the location of the orbs on the hillside, so that I could better observe the now 2 objects moving on the side of the mountain.

I carry a pair of binoculars in the trunk of my car, and used them to observe the orbs.

The two white orbs were then moving along the ground of the hillside at a high rate of speed.

The orbs moved in a sporadic pattern covering the entire hillside for about 10 minutes.

I would estimate the speed of movement of the orbs to be about 100 miles per hour.

I don't think the orbs were actually in contact with the surface of the ground of the hill side, but I think that the orbs were actually hovering very close to the ground, as their was no visible dust coming up from the ground.

After about 10 minutes, the 2 bright white orbs came together, and merged together, got much brighter, then went dark and disappeared.

I then went back to my home.
