{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5496127.json","updb_database_id":5496127}
{nd} I was inside the craft

Thursday February 5, 2015
Visitors
Sometime during the night I had a visit from a friend. As every evening is the same nothing has change until earlier this morning around midnight. My family is home and TV volume is going thru the night. Then, suddenly I was not in my room.
Since, last Friday until now two members of my family and I have been fighting the flu. It has been one of those weeks nothing went right. Being sick is for the birds. Now as Wednesday came I am still not up to full strength to be better. Later that evening I went to bed earlier. Watching TV until about 10:00 pm. Fell asleep watching the news on KEYETV. My TV was set on timer so it would go of by itself.
As my sleep went on I found myself next to a river with is a big water fall. I remember someone walking next to me talking. Also, a child was walking with me as we wanted to run around. The waterfall and walkway was all silver. I am trying to run to the edge of the water wanting to catch fish. They seem bigger than me. I remember building lights as home on the edge of the mountain next to the river. Even thought I was seeing a world from a different place I was so at peace. This person seem to know I needed help badly. We walked as we have been walking all day for hours and it was beautiful too see a world different from ours. 
Then I walked into a room that look like an operation room as the whole room was all silver. This person was helping me to the table asking me to lay on my stomach. First ask me to turn up on my left side next to a rail. Then I was ask to put my arm up over my head. Something was holding my hands up over my head. I saw 3 people like nurses coming in and a person like a doctor by my head. One next to my head, 1 by my left side and right side, then one by my lower back all laying there hand on me. These 4 people all wearing a whitish gray color. The person like a doctor was in a blackest to blue color outfit and being a lady with long hair. I ask them to show me the spot they were going to work on. Exactly the spot you could not touch my back. Then all I saw was 4 silver proves coming down to my back. 
Then I remember screaming from the severe pain. Then someone touch my back it pop and the pain stop. I woke up in my room on my stomach with my hands on the railing holding on. As I woke up I could feel no more pain in my lower back, legs and hips. My son walked into my room then as I told him what happened. I had him look at my back and he saw no marks on my lower back. I told my son I could feel my legs with no more severe pain.
I still have pressure in my lower back but, now a person can touch my lower back. It is like there is no nerve pressure pain. Even though I cannot tell you if this is true or not, they do not come during the day. What happened to me is it real or a dream and why did my family not hear anything they were home. The day before this visit you could not touch my lower back for 3 years and now after this you can.

SEEING MY SON
                                                         Wednesday-1/7/2015 

During Tuesday night as I always say went to bed earlier. It was a cool night so not much to do.
Nothing different was going to happened that I could tell. During the night I lay back watching TV for a few minutes. The TV was to shut off by a timer set for 60 minutes.

During the night I found myself standing in a room of all silver with 3 doors ways. Everything was silver even where I was standing. Suddenly, I saw a person with black hair that looks like me and my son whom has black hair. It had to be my youngest son I have not seen in years since he is not of this world. I remember another person in front of me as he was next to a different doorway.

Sudden, I fell down and this young man walked over and caught me telling this other person I was injury. I remember my son picking me up and carrying me back to a room. He would not let anyone near me. Then I woke up Wednesday morning tell my son1s here they had a brother.
One call me crazy and the other son was glad he had a younger brother. I told both my boys he is not from this earth. He could not live here on earth.

Sunday 2/1/2015
Trying to get over the flu with other members of my family sick with this illness. Someone had to take care of our family. I was the only one that was getting up after feeling that my brain was being fried from fever the night before. No, I had just run 101 fever Friday to Saturday evening. By Sunday I was up but, moving slow.
That night I went to the kitchen to try to cook some soup for everyone that was sick. As I was washing a pot out I look out the small kitchen window for what reason I don1t know. As, I was looking out the window I call my husband to come to the kitchen window to see this huge yellow light down the road. Before he could get up the light was so big that it disappear in less than a bling of an eye. There was no other lights that look like that then vanish.
I saw the traffic on FM 812 moving back and forth. There was nothing moving at all no other lights on it. It was bigger than the spot light on Star flight. Never seen a light that just sat there not move at all then vanish.
