{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-29 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5482127.json","updb_database_id":5482127}
this came from North and went south, went back to North and then went to north and disappeared. sky was opened to naked eyes about to see 1201 degrees. one travel only took 10-15 seconds. every time it sighted higher than before height.

I am from Sri Lanka.I am not fluent in English. This day I went to drop my daughter in a tuition class that starts at about 6:00 PM. This small village called "Kosswatta". After dropped her I came back to go home and stopped at a small shop to by beetle ( in my village we have a habit of chewing beetle ). I took a pack and shared the stuff with the father of the owner of small shop. While we are talking about gem mines ( this person and my self are occasionally working in gem mines ), I did see a bright red,yellow, orange color changing object appears from northern sky. We both did see that but I was the first one did see. That object was coming towards Us not in accurate horizontal line, but in a little angle that is easier to look at without turn our heads to horizontal line. The object was like a small orange or golf ball. It was changing colors in bright red, orange, golden yellow. Was traveling north to south in direct line at an unbelievable speed. It only took 7-10 seconds to cross the sky in first time and was above cloud level.the area had good sight of sky (not to see 1801 degrees but near 1201 degrees). We both was talking what could go in that speed ? That was disappeared in southern sky. We was talking about this and was looking at South. After near five minutes we did see the object in the same place that was disappeared in South. But little smaller than before because now the object was traveling higher than before. Took only 10 seconds to cross the sky to reach same place of North. We whispered and I was counting one to ten as how the clock running in seconds. Then we are waiting while looking at North for 5-7 minutes or 10 minutes. Then the object appeared aginbin nort and was small as a lime. I was counting to 15 when it reach South and disappeared in same place in South. Also another 3 people joined us from the second sighting. As we think any aircraft can't reach that speed to cross a large area of sky over clouds. We have seen jets and kufeer fighter crafts but have a great noise but not moving at this speed in this much above in sky.
This is not my first time seeing these things. I was 7 year old boy when I got my first experience. Was 8:00 PM at Colombo. A white octagonal object with triangular shaped on it and glowing with a nice orange light around it. But can't find where the light comes from. Just like the object reflecting a light comes from nowhere.
Then before 20 years I was securing my paddy fields. I think the month was December or November. I was with my shot gun and laying on a large flat granite rock. I could see the clear sky. I was listening carefully about wild boars. At about 2.00 am I did see a set of lights arranged as a triangle and was at accurate horizontal line when I was laying I could see directly above. These three lights are became larger than before but took 15-20 minutes. They looks like landing or decrease height. They were changing colors green to blue and white. All lights got same color in same time. And was below the clouds. After getting enlarged to a size of a 3feet 1 3 triangle. It was started to blink these three lights and was showing an accurate triangle object with three lights on corners. Then the triangle disappeared but the lights still blinking. Then the lights got double there power and went to horizon in a great speed. And now that was a three inch triangle and disappeared. Whole time was about 25-40 minutes.
In 2003 or a nearly year I was going home with my daughter after bringing her to a doctor because she was suffering from flue. I was riding my motor bike, my little daughter was sitting on the petrol tank. I was riding at 50 km \h. After passing the kalawana town there is a large paddy field. You can see a large area of the sky from your both sides of the road. I started to speedup because rad is straight and clear from vehicles. Just I saw something is passing me from my left hand side. A nice large green light a papaya fruit shaped glowing light flying ower paddy fields parallel with me I was looking at this and wanted to check the speed. I accelerated to 85 km/h but that object shooting just in a second. I need to see where this thing going and started to follow as possible. But I lost the site because the area of paddy fields are passed. I reached to wembiyagoda junction and did see two people looking at the sky. I asked did you see something? They said yes, a large green light.I asked what could be that was. They said that is a devathaa elya (gods light ) Sri Lankan villagers using this name to introduce these flying things. Also I had seen may things like this but can't explain what are these. But these things are helping people in uncommon ways.if you started to see them then they are always visible to you. These things can inform you about emergency incidents.I make notes when seeing these. My diary page about two sightings below. Thank you.
