{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-16 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5487127.json","updb_database_id":5487127}
{cak} I believe I was communicating with them via my mind; they reacted intelligently when I awknowledged them. When I saw them they saw me and moved when I asked them to.

1. I was in my car by my neighborhood looking up at sky like I usually do. Just listening to music and just star gazing.
2. I don't know how and I still don't know How to explain but it was as if I distinguished it from all the stars; it was bigger and brighter and sure enough a stared at it long enough and it started to show intelligent movement.
3. At first I thought it could've been my imagination, or a satellite, or even a shooting star but no it wasn't any of those; and it couldn't be a plane and helicopters because those were passing along at the same time this was occurring. The anomaly was way too high, it looked like a star.
4. Okay I saw 4 orb like, star-like anomalies that reacted to my awareness of them! I know it sounds crazy and outlandish but I know what I saw. I also saw one of them eject a camouflaged boomerang looking thing, and also saw 3 different shooting white spheres with a bluish afterglow when the shot downward and faded out! However the 4 starlike spheres, all four of them I kept track and didn't lose them and each of them stayed. They weren't scared they trusted me or something because none of them left not even when I got home to look once more. I concentrated on one of them and sure enough when they realized I was looking at them they showed movement and sometimes ERRATIC movement.
5. I felt like crying and was scared and happy and awestricken; I couldn't believe this was actually happening to me. I tested my hypothesis of this sort of telepathic communication several times within the whole 1 of this event. It worked every single time.
6. I didn't lose sight of any of them!!! It's insane. They didn't leave. They stayed in their "frozen star like" parking until I got home until I looked up again. Sure enough they moved. But only the 4 white orbs, the other things I saw like I said just either faded out or disappeared.

-I know this sounds crazy, but please you'll be the only ones to believe me even slightly-
