{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-03 19:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5481127.json","updb_database_id":5481127}
{jpg} I looked up and saw a reflective/bright orangish orb. It definitely wasn't moving like a plane.

This won't be the most organized thing you'll ever read, so please bare with me. 
ALSO, BEFORE WATCHING THE VIDEOS, PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT THE ORB IS SMALL, also, considering the fact that my hands were shaking, so it's not easy to notice that it was moving irregularly, so please, you have to believe me (i feel crazy)...

(1) I just finished my run, and decided to do a few pull-ups in a nearby playground at an elementary school. 

(2) I walked up to the monkey bars and looked up so I could see where I'm reaching and noticed a reflective/glowing orb.

(3) When I first saw the object I assumed it was a planet.

(4) I realized it wasn't a planet once I noticed it was moving, slowly but sporadically. In the center of the orb, it was white with a very, very slight yellow tint with an even less noticeable grey tint. The yellow of the orb was brighter at the outside. Also, I should add that the edge of the orb faded away quickly, but at the end of the fade it looked as if there was some color fringing going on. The fringing faded (on the inside) from a bright yellow to a deep orange (on the outside) (the fringing was mostly orange). 

(5) During the sighting I was just frozen and I didn't know if I should be happy, scared or so on. Right after the sighting I was slightly happy. Then when I began to fill out this form I began to feel a minor panic attack on the rise (luckily the feeling went away, also I typically have panic attack when it feels as if I'm being watched).

(6) I lost sight multiple times. The first time was when I was recording it with my phone. I was zoomed in all the way, but I zoomed out to show that I wasn't downgrading the video's image quality. When tried to zoom back in, I lost it. Then I tried to zoom back out hoping that that would make it easier to find, but it stopped recording and became out of focus (my phone wasn't even out of space so I'm not sure why it stopped, the problem I had with the focus on the other hand could've just been a glitch for iOS 9.3.5). 
The second time was when I found it again and began to record it again, but the problem was I didn't even see my phone pick it up. Then my phone actually ran out of space (also, I just looked at the second clip again, it turns out my phone did pick it up, I just wasn't looking in the right places, and it just wasn't as bright1also it pulsed once in the second clip). 
Then I just decided to walk back home since I didn't want to stand outside any longer, looking at a possible UFO and risk having something happen to me.
