{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-25 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2360,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5521127.json","updb_database_id":5521127}
Calm night no wind very quiet

On January 25, 2012 I was sitting on my back porch and heard kind of a buzz sound like a small homemade airplane but I noticed a bright light shining from it. Then I heard a roar that almost sounded like a jet but very quiet that was coming closer over the tree top of my yard. I saw two triangle objects approaching the back of my house at tree top level but they didn't blow the trees, so I called my wife outside to watch this just so I would have a witness to say that I am not crazy. It appeared to be two triangle (boomerang) objects coming over my house at least 75 ft above our matured pine trees with three lights on the bottom that didn't blink and thats what threw me off. The objects were going so slow that you wouldve thought they would crash but they didn't. They were so close that I was trying to find my flashlight to shine on it to see the whole thing but I couldnt get to it. They were at least 75 ft wide and maybe 50 ft long. They both were exactly the same length a part one trailing the other. The crazy thing is that it shined a very bright light from the left side on top of the craft towards our regional airport in Albany, Ga. The bottom of the craft was flat and black and it had a bubble shaped top. This was at night time and I couldnt see any markings on them. While they were flying a straight path the rear craft was banking to the left and right like a floating drift. Our local fire department and police department saw this. One of these crafts were spotted in Sasser, Ga about two weeks ago. This was really a sight to see!! I looked up drones on YouTube and it looked just like the x-47b . It was freaky only something that you see in movies. The crafts approached my house from the east and headed west.
