{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-31 19:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69466","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5490127.json","updb_database_id":5490127}
{rjl} UFO hovering in air above ocean near the Crystal Pier in Pacific Beach

I am a 60 year old man. I live in Palm Desert, Ca. and had taken a weekend trip to San Diego, Friday, June 5th to Sunday, June 7th. I was visiting alone staying at Travel Lodge in Mission Valley. On my final evening, June 7th, I drove out to Pacific Beach for dinner. I was on the boardwalk that runs from Crystal Pier in Pacific Beach southward to Mission Beach. Before dinner at a beachfront Restaurant, (Joe's Crab Shack) which I mention only to offer a better locale for investigating, I was taking a few pictures with my Samsung S6 phone of the beach, boardwalk, etc. I was waiting for sunset before dining. 

At sunset I noticed an object in the sky above the pier area that glinted a bit seemed mostly "dull" and seemed to be "embedded" in the clouds. At first I thought it was a bird perhaps or a plane. But it didn't move for nearly a minute while I observed it. I didn't give it much thought. I wasn't thinking about UFOs or birds or planes. I was just taking pictures. I was thinking about dinner. I snapped a few pictures. A minute or so later I looked back up in the same area of the sky and it was gone. I went to dinner.

When I had returned home Monday, June 8th, I transferred the weekend pictures to my home PC. I like to review pictures I've taken and zoom in and out on them just to look at people and scenery just to see how things look enlarged. I've done this for years. When I came across the Pacific Beach sunset pictures I recalled the sight I had seen. So I zoomed in on it and I can't explain what it could be. The object, which had seemed stationary in the sky at sunset and then had just vanished within a minute's time appears to be a rectangular object that is either reflecting light or emitting it. I just thought it was strange because it never moved. It was just there for a moment or two and then gone.

I am attaching 3 images.
Image 1 is the original.
Image 2 has a red pointer to the object that I placed there with Microsoft Image Composer to identify the object.
Image 3 is a cropped out area of the original photo with 500% magnification.

I am so curious as to what this object could be. I've felt at odds over discovering this image. My mind just keeps going back to it over and over again.

Thanks for your interest and taking a look at these images.

I would love to hear anything from anyone about what it might be.

Thank You,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
