{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-06 12:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5502127.json","updb_database_id":5502127}
{dr}saw a cylinder UFO hovering over the church across the street from the stop light

On November 6, 2012 at 12 pm central time : I was at the entrance of my subdivision at the stop light waiting to turn left (West)on FM 518 on my way to take my daughter to preschool. As I looked up at the stop light, I was in awe to what I saw..a very large metallic cylinder UFO hovering over the church across the street..the light turned green and I had to turn left...as I was turning left, I was looking up at it and was trying to pay attention to my driving at the same time. I was in shock of what I was seeing. I had chills and it frightened me a bit. Till this day I get goosebumps when I talk about it. I can feel my heart beat pounding in my chest. I have never seen any aircraft that looked like that. I wanted to pull over on to the median to take a picture. But traffic was a little bit heavy and I had to take my daughter to her afternoon pre-k class. When I pulled into the school parking lot it was hard to see the area where I saw it because of the trees blocking the view. The day was sunny and slightly cloudy. During this whole incident it seemed like time was at a stand still. I did not hear the traffic or the object. I just felt like I was in a dream. It happened so fast,it really did leave a foot print on my mind. After, I dropped my daughter off I came home and immediately looked it up on line. My husband was home and I was out of breath as if I was running. He looked at me like I was crazy after I told him about the incident. He told me it is most likely a military craft out of Ellington AFB and that they were doing flight testing. I thought maybe it was a drone. But I searched for one online as well and all the drones have antennas or wings. What I saw that day was a long shiny metallic cylinder craft, had one black door or window in the middle of it. No wings, no lights flashing, no chem trails and no sound. Ever since that day, I keep looking up into the sky hoping I would see it again.
