{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508127","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6225,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/127/mufon-5508127.json","updb_database_id":5508127}
Myself and another witness observed a strange lit object in the NW sky for about ten minutes. Object seemed to change shape and size.

At about about 12:20 am I was watching a documentary on TV in the back room of the house I live in, when the other occupant called me to have a look at a strange light they had been observing for about five minutes previous, through a window at the back of the house. It was visible in the NW sky for about 15 minutes in total. The other witness told me that they had first seen the object when they were preparing to draw the Venetian blinds of that window shut before heading to bed. The other witness told me that they thought the object was odd when they first saw it, as it seemed to be rapidly changing colours. It was alternating between red, green and white. They also described that the way it was sitting in the sky was unusual. It was for want of a better description wobbling though stationary. 

They continued to watch it for about three or four minutes and then it appeared to grow larger and lit up several lights of red green and white simultaneously and then shrank back to its original size. It was after this that they called me to have a look. I proceeded to head to the same room the other witness was in. They pointed to the location the light was in the sky by telling me to look at the chimney of a neighboring house and then look about six feet right of that. I opened the larger part of the window and leaned out so I could get a better look. I was able to see the object quite easily as it was a bright red (lit cigarette at night) colour when I first saw it. I watched it for about twenty seconds more and then it began to wobble and flash and alternate between red, green and white. It remained the same size. It was a bit bigger than star size relative to the stars that were out. It was noticeably brighter than any of the stars around it.

I initially thought it was a plane or a search and rescue helicopter, though I became less sure of that quite quickly, as I have seen both all my life in daytime and at night and the objects characteristics struck me very quickly as odd and not right. Most planes that fly over this area at night are large Jets and their engines are sometime audible and they are obviously never stationary and grow fainter in sound and visibility in less than a minute as they continue farther along their flight path. Search and rescue helicopters have always flown in a flight path going roughly in a straight line parallel to the other side of the house which would be a flight path of directly West or South West to bring them straight over the nearby estuary of the river Shannon or out over the Atlantic where most of their exercises and missions are conducted. I have never seen one of these helicopters hover inland at night as they are quite large and incredibly loud when flying.

We watched the object together for about five minutes and during that time it seemed to move slightly right of its original position. then stop, move a bit more right and then come back a bit to the left while all the time flashing red and green lights simultaneously, then glowing white occasionally and then turning red or green and resume flashing. It was at this point, I asked the other witness to get me a small pair of binoculars that were in the house, so I could try and get some kind of a better look at it. I was able to focus the binoculars well enough to observe the object and I could see that it appeared to be a bright white sphere with what looked like a red and green light on the bottom half of it. I was by now very puzzled by the object and felt that it just did not seem right.

As I was watching it through the binoculars It quickly changed colour several times in the same pattern as previously described. As I continued watching it, the object for about two seconds at one point, seemed to grow larger in an instant and resembled a spherical bright white coloured glowing net with red and green lights dotted along its frame. I know that this was not a trick of the binoculars lens as the other witness who was still observing it with me, simultaneously said; did you see that? when I observed it changing size and I in response to their question said and asked them; Yeah, did you see it get bigger that time? and they answered that they did and that it looked like what they had seen the first time they had observed it.

It was at this point I became aware that a very faint deep humming noise
was audible when I stuck my head and body a good bit out the window. The humming noise was coming from no direction in particular and the other witness said that they could not hear it from inside the house. The humming noise remained audible as we continued to watch.

We watched the object for about two or three minutes more, all the while it was changing colour, moving a little bit and flashing lights. It then began to move more noticeably to the right without stopping and gradually drifted off farther and farther to the right until it reached a point in the sky that was obscured by trees in another property. The humming noise was also gone as I leaned as far out the window as I could to try and catch a last glimpse of it and I could no longer hear it. We debated whether we should go outside and try and see if we could spot it again for a minute after that, but we both decided that it was late, and the object was odd and we would rather stay indoors as we felt kind of uneasy because it was such an odd thing to see and we usually have seen things like this on TV but have never really taken them too seriously.
