{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-13 00:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112247","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5291091.json","updb_database_id":5291091}
Dark object traveling slowly in night sky

At 12:19 AM on 11/13/2020 I exited my vehicle at home to observe the northern sky where I saw a meteorite about 30 seconds before. While surveying the sky in a general northward direction, I noticed some movement in the sky that caught my attention. A dark, barely distinguishable, object traveled slowly nearly overhead from the northwest the the east over an observable time period of about 45 seconds.

The object emitted no light or sound as it passed me along its path. However, it seemed to reflect some light as it was barely visible and didn't seem to be emitting light of its own. Due to the fact that it was nighttime and the object was dark, it was hard to make out any kind of shape. It was a clear night and due to the poor contrast between the object and the sky, it was hard to determine even how high the object was. I figure that in order for me to have been able to see it, it must have been reflecting some of the city glow and it probably couldn't have been more than a couple thousand feet in the air at most.

It traveled over a populated area and it must have passed over I-135 as I am fairly close to it.

I considered that maybe it was a plane but, despite the fact that it had no running lights, it would have had to be fairly low for me to make it out and seemed to be moving too slowly in that case. I also considered that it might be a glider since small aircraft don't necessarily require lights, but it I dismissed that reasoning as well for the same reasons it couldn't be a plane and the fact that the temperature had just gone below freezing making it highly unlikely to be a glider, I think. I considered trying to capture it with my phone, but I figured since my eyes could barley see it, it was unlikely that my phone would capture it. Additionally, as it was pretty hard to make out I thought that if I took my eyes off it to grab my phone I might lose it.
