{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4050,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5525091.json","updb_database_id":5525091}
Starlike blinking point of light moving randomly within small space, seen from far distance

I was listening to a radio program at home that ended at midnight. I was particularly interested because the DJ was having a nervous breakdown on air. I went outside with my boyfriend to get some fresh air and star gazing immediately after the program ended. There were lots of shooting stars that night, so we were scanning the horizons. He pointed out the point of light in the North - North Eastern horizon that was moving oddly. The object gave off light, that changed color from white, blue to green, randomly. It was close enough that I at first thought it was a helicopter - but a helicopter does not hover in that kind of pattern. It was small enought to appear as a far away helicopter, but appeared to be hovering around the area of Manton - about 30 miles to the North-North East, a little town in the foothills of the Sierra Nevadas. We stood and watched the light for about 20 minutes. It moved within an airspace about the size of a 50 cent piece from my vantage point. It moved oddly, moving up rapidly, then slowly sinking down in an oval arc, would move up halfway of this path, then move to the left, to the right, quickly, or slowly, up, down, circular path, cross type path. It hovered there, in this random pattern for the entire time we remained outside. We also observed other points of light in the eastern and norther horizon that seemed to be doing the same things, about 5 other points of light, but these other points were so far away that it was difficult to determine how far they were, they seemed to be very high in the atmosphere. The main point that caught my attention was obviously within the atmostphere, Id estimate about 5,000 feet above the ground. We watched and discussed UFO activity in the area, with curiosity, until I thoroughly had the creeps and went back inside.  

The next night, I returned at the same time with my boyfriend and my 13 year old daughter. We all saw the same object, in the exact same space. But this night the entire eastern horizon lit up randomly with a flash/strobe type light in about 3-5 minute intervals. The light source seemed to be coming from the ground, and lit the sky up at horizon level. We also noticed shooting star type streaks of light, but they were not moving downward as a meteor does, they moved parallel to the earths surface, very high up, outer atmosphere level. We all felt very uneasy and returned inside, forgoing our planned walk. 

It should be mentioned that my daughter pointed out that, that sighting was in an area that would be normally traversed by commerical aircraft. Most evenings we watch multiple commerical flights passing in this space North - South, on the eastern horizon, about 50 miles east of I-5. Sometimes so many flights are moving at once that planes move at different altitudes from eachother to share the same air space. We noted on the second night the commerical air traffic had moved to about 100 miles due West, about 30 miles West of I-5, we had to do a 180 from our normal plane viewing position to watch the flights travel. We only saw one plane moving in the normal air traffic conduit, on the eastern horizon, a jet plane moving at high speeds from the south to the north. It was obviously not a commercial craft - we watch them all the time, they do not move at that speed. This was lit up like a jet and moved as fast as a jet.
