{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-06 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70543","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5489091.json","updb_database_id":5489091}
Witnesses of UFO

I had been attending a baptism at a Church. Came out of the church with two others whom I was taking home in my car. I turned around to see if they were following and saw this large object in the sky. I exclaimed "look" and the three of us stood and looked up. I said immediately that it was a UFO, since I have seen them many many times before, over Teesside Airport. The other witnesses are Mormon and do not believe in such things as UFO. 

Three of us saw what we thought at first were aircraft lights, since we are on a flight path from and to Teesside Airport. Except that the large ball of light was a bright reddish orange. It was irregular in shape, sort of round but not if you see what I mean.
No sound at all, total silence. To the East of Shafto Way, Newton Aycliffe

It seemed to be moving as an aircraft would, then stopped and hovered, moving ever so slightly. After a few minutes it went higher and higher then disappeared, we thought behind a cloud. NB have estimated the size against a Boeing 737 usually seen in the sky at the same height and it was easily 7 or more times the size of an aircraft in the sky.

A minute or two later it reappeared slightly south of the first sighting, moved a short way then again hovered for a couple of minutes. It remained there for some time.  Then simply disappeared behind a cloud. We stood and watched for a while longer but it had gone.
 

It was an amazing sight to see. Aircraft do not hover and this definitely hovered and appeared to be pulsating. We stood and watched the whole episode.

I have always known that there are beings on other planets, beings that visit the earth on a regular basis so was not totally surprised by what I had seen.

I posted this on a UFO UK website the same night, hence the details here. Darlington is 7 miles South of Newton Aycliffe. someone posted under my message the following -

October 12, 2012 at 9:25 am
Hi 
I live in Darlington and saw something similar over the weekend, but cannot recall which night.
I used to think that most sightings of orange lights were lanterns, but there have been a lot of credible sightings recently that are obviously not lanterns.
Returning to what I saw, it was a large orange light which was visible to the east and was moving in a southerly direction. It was not flickering and did not gradually dim as lanterns do. I saw it for several minutes until it moved out of sight, perhaps behind a cloud.
