{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5475091.json","updb_database_id":5475091}
Silver/chrome appearance, morphed shape, remained at roughly equal elevation, seemed to be dancing

I was coming back from a ride on my motorcycle (road cruiser), headed home there is a long street called Ashley street, very straight road about 2km long. I was on Ashley st casualty riding when I realised no one else was on the road infront or behind me which I thought was odd as it is a popular road and usually quite busy that time of day. I decided to slow down a bit and enjoy the ride (no traffic). 

I suddenly felt compelled to look up and towards the sky to my right (South West) the Sun was not long past its zenith so I got a clear look at this thing.

I initially thought it was a silver balloon I noticed it when I was exactly adjacent to the object about 35 meters away and roughly 35 maybe 40 meters in the air. Still riding I did a double take as it had not moved in terms of floated higher, or drifted away out to the Gulf.

I dont know why but I slowed down but did not stop to keep looking at this thing. I then started to think drone or RC balloon. Still looking (my speed now 50kmp) it seemed to dance up and down only a few feet and started to morph shape from a solid oval, to a perfect spear then to what I could describe as a tear drop (horizontally) then repeated this vertically and horizontally again (the shape changing) all the while not moving more than a few feet up or down left or right. 

I returned my eyes to the road and rounded the corner onto Mimosa St and pulled over to scan the sky in the direction I saw the object, gone.

My initially feels were a deep sense of curiosity then when it started to change shape I became giggly?  this "funny" feeling left within seconds then I had an overwhelming sense of safety/security about me, I can best describe this feeling like when you're a young child and you're drifting off to sleep on the couch with father sitting next to you, sort of like a confident "Everythings going to be okay" feeling. 

I still have my doubts but what makes me think it was an UFO be it alien or government was the timing and the odd emotions I experienced.
