{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-20 23:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2848,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5495091.json","updb_database_id":5495091}
it was spiderlike, or maybe different parts of it, but it had like lights ejecting from or around it

We were heading north along the highway, and along the highway there is a lake, like river about a mile or half a mile wide on the left side, and on the right side of the high way is like mountain like rocks. So we notice north of us just on the other shoreline across the lake, there was this light flashing above the treetops, at first we thought it was one of those radio towers that show above the trees. But as we caught up to it where it was hover we noticed it was like moving up and down, going back and forth from one area to another, and it was flashing like orange, red, green, and there was like lights ejecting and hovering around it then disappearing. We stopped to record it, and my sister was like "oh maybe it's a helicopter" but obviously the short distance we'd hear a helicopter. This thing was silent. For about a minute we recorded it, then it took off, within 2 seconds it was a mile up the river. So we were driving along and we caught up to it again. We didn't stop this time, but it started following and going along with us. Then again it zoomed about a mile and a half up that river, same thing within two seconds. We caught up to it again, but this time as we caught up to it, there was these read lights like emerging from the bottom of it, and all of a sudden it was gone! I don't know what happened but personally I think it landed, the others figured it just disappeared. I don't claim to know what i saw was a alien craft, but I do know it was an Unidentified Flying Object, and I got some advice from a friend to suggested i submit the video on here maybe someone might have answer, or seen something like it. I don't know.

the video was kind of blurry, for some reason my camera wouldnt have the auto focus like it usually does. But I tried changing the hues, and saturation, just messing around with it to see it in a different light, and I noticed at 29-20 seconds you can see it gives off some kind of light... I don't know i would like some feedback, or someone to just tell me what it looks like. k thanks so much.
