{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-25 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5549091.json","updb_database_id":5549091}
constant light, occasionally changing colors, moving parallel to U.S. 287

Me and my dad were just leaving Murphy's gas station located on the Wal-mart store proerty when I noticed a star like light to the west, around 200 feet in the air and around 2 to three miles off. We were headed to Quanah on north 287 and once we were on the highway, I aquired the object again and watched it as we left town. I watched as much as possible and after a few miles, I concluded it was moving parallel to the highway had moved to about five miles off the highway. I had to go through Chilicothe, Tx about 15 miles from vernon and reaquired the object on the other side of town and now it seemed only about 1 1/2 miles off the road. As we were aproaching Medicine Mounds outside of Quanah, I pulled over and filmed the object for a few minutes, trying to get a close up but could not hold the camera still but managed some footage. I noticed it slowly moving off and we got back on 287 and headed for Quanah. As we neared Quanah it's attitude lowered to the point of only being around 100 feet, still heading West, but was changing hues still having a constant light with never a flicker such as aircraft do. We took a side road and went around the south edge of Quanah as fast as I dared with my Dad in the car, but when we cleared the town lights we could never reaquire the object even though the land dropped off giving a clear veiw of the horizion. the one thing I concluded was it travelling around the same speed as we were aproximately 68 to 70 miles an hour cause it never gained on us till we stopped. I only once before had seen a similar object, but was to far off to intercept and at lease wanted to get a few frames of this one, sorry but I don't have a TV card to down load them to my computer maybe later. but this is the first time I've taken the time to tell anybody of my sightings, yes I have some more and one day I'll tell y'all but not tonight. Seeing this one really stired some feeling and if my dad had not been with me I think I could of intercepted it and got a good picture but I have got to start somewhere. I hope someone else confirmed this one, I just know it did not act like a plane and flew very slow for an aircraft as I watched it for thirty miles before It took off.
