{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2543,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5466091.json","updb_database_id":5466091}
Pinpoint of light, like a satellite, moving across the sky and then suddenly changing direction

In the summer of 1991, around the middle of August, I was living in the French town of Eze. One night I was up in the mountains a bit north of the town also north of Nice, looking at the night sky with a friend around midnight. 

I saw what appeared to be a satellite slowly passing from east to west near the zenith in the sky. It was just a slow, smooth, silent moving pin-point of light. I pointed it out to my friend and she acknowledged seeing it. As we watched it together, I explained to her that it was most likely a satellite moving probably around 17,000 mph through space to maintain orbit. 

A minute later, in an instant, it changed direction turning 90 degrees to the left and continued at the same speed, moving from north to south [without curving its trajectory] 1 it just simply made an instantaneous right angle change of direction maintaining a constant smooth speed as it did. 

I fully understood that what I was looking at was, from all that I understood, virtually impossible and felt a sense of panic set in. I asked her if she also saw that change of direction. She did, but saw nothing wrong with it because she didn1t understand that what she saw could not have happened. We watched it as it faded a few minutes later toward the south 1 she pleasantly surprised and me worried as heck. 

I cannot think of any rational reason why it did what it did. The only thing I could imagine is that I saw the intersection of two different satellites crossing paths at 90 degrees - at the very instant the first satellite went into the shadow of the earth and the other emerged from the shadow at the very instant they crossed paths from my angle of view. That seems pretty remote. But besides doing something physically impossible by anything that I believe we have here on Earth, it seemed the best explanation to keep a rational train of thought.
