{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-26 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2484,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5293091.json","updb_database_id":5293091}
Cigar shape craft traveling across US35W, vicinity Factory Rd, direction N towards Beavercreek High School ( or Wrightt Patt Air Force Base)

On Wednesday, Jun 26 2019, I was driving truck ending 633 to Ryder to fuel up for my trip to Orlando, FL. While coming up to and stopping at the traffic light of US 35W at Factory Rd in Alpha, Ohio, there off in the distance, around the area of the second interstate sign for N. Fairfield and Research Blvd, an object was moving across the sky in the direction towards, maybe toward the vicinity of the Beavercreek High School ( or Wrightt Patt Air Force Base). The object had no wings and no dorsal fin tail like regular planes or aircraft have. The object was long and thin, like the shape of a pen, or cigar, in the sky, there were also dark colored square shapes throughout the middle but did not extend from tip to tip, and there were no visible lights coming from the object. The object was traveling rather fast, passed over-top the highway and passing cars, when it was on the right side of 35 the object started slowing down and then hovered for a few moments then slowly started moving again, the object did not pass over-top of me while I was driving. It was in my frontal and right side views. I eventually passed the object but could not fully see it as trees were blocking my view. There were no other plans in the sky at the time that I could see. I thought about chasing it though since I was in a work vehicle I decided to continue to the fueling station. 

On the way back to Xenia from the fueling station right around the circle k gas station, traveling on US 35E, which is just a block away from Factory Rd, in the sky was a plane at a farther distance as the previous object. I could visibly tell it was a plane as I could see the side wings and rear dorsal fin. The plane was flying in the direction of the commercial airport off US35.
