{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5452091.json","updb_database_id":5452091}
UFO and abduction encounter, while taking pictures blinding white light, snaps 15 photos randomly capture alien being on camera prior to abduction!!

Need investigation; photos are of large space craft, picture of white beam of light and truck being over taking by blinding white light, witness randomly snapped approximately 15 photos. Several photos show partial alien being last two photos show alien being's face and last picture before abduction, alien being's face looking down while slender are reaches into vehicle with 3 knuckles on the hand. AMAZING photos!
When left his job about midnight approximately 2 years ago in Garrettsville OH, heading east. Immediately sees white light traveling east also. Drives about 3 to 4 miles where main larger craft is located. Witness stops and takes pictures of UFO and get white beam of light, sees multiple beings (15-20) in the field/woods. Drives away when another craft flies over his truck, he turns around to observe some more. His truck is over taken by a blinding white light, snaps approximately 15 pictures, with a being entering the picture, a good front facing picture and another with alien being reaching into vehicle. Amazing photos!!
Witness does not remember incident that occurred to years ago until deleting old photos and see these pictures and now memories are rushing back. Witness is afraid of alien return as well as public, wishes to remain anonymous, but wants MUFON to investigate the pictures and willing to tell story. 
He thinks he was abducted, but doesn't want to talk about it. After pictures can be authenticated he said he is willing to talk more.
Hand written account provided my witness attached. 
Besides pictures he has 2 videos and we took a video more of a recording of what he saw and went through and we drove the route he took that night and what he was seeing where, but he wants to go one step at a time.
