{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464091","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/091/mufon-5464091.json","updb_database_id":5464091}
{jpg} In 2013 was with my mom in Dubuque IA on our way home and I observed a disk like dark object jotting around in the sky for about ten minutes before I started filming it. It would stop when we stopped at the stoplights and take off when we went off.

In 2013 I was with my mom in Dubuque IA on our way home and I observed a disk like dark object jotting around in the sky for about ten minutes before I started filming it. It would stop when we stopped at the stoplights and take off when we went off. At this time in 2013 you never saw drones or anything like that, it definitely wasn't a plane or a blimp. I started filming after about ten minutes of watching it going speeding flying and stopping abruptly at the lights when we would stop. I uploaded it to Youtube and can't remember if I made a report here back then or not so I'm doing one just in case. I was uploading a video the other day and had completely forgotten about this. If you slow the video down its a lot better.
What made me first notice it was seeing a big black object stopping beside us in the sky when we stopped.
I thought it was a UFO when I first saw it, as thats all I can describe it as. Unidentified. Probably from lands beyond the arctic.
It was really fast but also stopped on a dime. It was dark and all i could make out was that it was disk like circular in shape and it would seem to swing from side to side like it could just do anything it wanted to in the air. I believe it was aware of us or the traffic because of the way it was following alongside of us.
How I felt was excited and curious and focused on the object. The driver(my mom) was too.
I lost sight when we got onto the highway and had to start going faster it seemed to disappear. 

I was just hoping to share the story and video I took and possibly get a reply if anyone else has similar looking craft or if anyone at mufon might know more about this, thanks.
I uploaded the video in its original format and the video from youtube i only added audio to.
