{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1966-03-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5179614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1att1tr","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5179614,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Box like object landed in woodsCase Directory

Hampton area, New Hampshire

March 29, 1966
Animal Reaction Feature:

At 4:15 p.m., a 10-year-old boy and his Dalmatian were walking familiar paths in a wood lot behind their
home. He noticed something silver on a ridge and walked toward it. As he neared, he saw a 1L1 shaped box,
long side parallel to the ground, sitting on tripod legs. His dog ran ahead and sniffed the boxy
structure, and then, appearing uninterested, the dog went off into the woods. The boy stopped about 24
feet away, not sure what he was seeing. The object made intermittent sounds and movements in the following
minutes, but the dog was not present and not observed during those times.

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:

The silver color spotted on the ridge was a roughly spherical mass of shredded silver material on a
vertical rod that stuck up from the top of the boxy object. This disappeared as the boy moved to 75 feet
from the object. When the boy was about 24 feet away and the dog had disappeared into the woods, a
blast of air from the object sent debris flying. A short high pitched, then low pitched, sound was heard
as the object lifted off the ground about 1 foot, stopped, swung in a clockwise motion, and settled back
on the ground. Intermittent electric-like humming sounds were heard until the object again, with a blast
of air stirring up debris and the same sounds as earlier, ascended vertically, this time to about 10 feet,
where it paused, moved horizontally, paused and rotated clockwise again, then accelerated straight up. On
the final ascent, the sound increased in pitch and loudness. The witness1s mother and sister who were at
some distance from him reportedly heard this sound. When the object moved horizontally, saplings directly
under it swayed.

The 1L1 object had two black holes about an inch in diameter and about 6 inches apart. A flattened dome
with small egg-shaped openings extended downward from the bottom of the object. The color of the 1L1 was
brownish and resembled a cork surface, and it did not look particularly metallic. The dome underneath
appeared darker and more metallic. The tripod legs were about 1 inch square and about 1 foot long. They
angled outward ending in a pad about 1 foot long and 2 inches wide.

Physical traces involved impressions, including a circular one 2 feet in diameter. No odors were detected
and no foreign material was found. Reportedly plants did not grow in the area for about 2 years.

No EM effects or physiological effects were reported. No sound was detected when the dog was present.

Source:

Fowler, Raymond E., 1974, UFOs: Interplanetary Visitors, Englewood Cliffs, NJ, Prentice Hall, pages
117-124.
Case Report - Ray Fowler
