Case No. 1698 16112021

Date: 16 November 2021.

Approximate Time: 8:20 local time.

Meteorology:

              161300Z VRB03KT CAVOK 18/05 Q1015 NOSIG=
          161200Z 21003KT 170V260 CAVOK 15/05 Q1015 NOSIG=
              161100Z 16004KT CAVOK 13/04 Q1015 NOSIG=
          161000Z 14003KT 100V160 CAVOK 12/04 Q1015 NOSIG=

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: G. A. C. P., 52 years old.

Description: The informant reported having photographed what he assumed to be a
Air anomaly at 8:20 a.m. on November 16, 2021 while located in the commune of Peñaflor, in the Santiago Metropolitan Region.

The user characterized the reported information as a "saucer" shaped object of "silver" color, from which he did not comment on the size nor the estimated distance.

The reporter wrote in his report: "Upon leaving my house, we were struck by the presence of a hot air balloon, which I decided to take some photos (2) of with my phone."
"Cellular, immediately after I sent them to my children and they indicated to me what appeared in it, since we didn't see it with my wife at first glance..."

Figure 1 shows the central detail of the mentioned photograph along with an enlargement of the reported information.

                                 Figure 1

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 33° 36’ 05’’ South Latitude and 70° 53’ 31’’ West Longitude. (Figure 2)

                                    Figure 2

Meteorological conditions were studied using observations.
carried out from Arturo Merino Benítez Airport (SCEL), according to which there were light winds, between 3 and 4 knots (5.5 to 7.4 km/h) coming from the south. More details of what was recorded between 07:00 and 10:00 hours can be found at the beginning of this report, under the "Meteorology" section.

The two photographs that supported the report were perused with computer programs, confirming that they were not digitally altered. The study of the information contained in the files determined that they were captured with
a difference of 18 seconds at 08:30 on the reported date, using the
main camera of a Motorola E6s smartphone. The one in which the reported
event appears is shown in Figure 1.

It was verified that although the two provided photos are the same size,
between the first and second shot, the optical zoom of the camera increased,
so not only is the silhouette of the airship larger, but the scene was also
cropped around the balloon. As can be seen
A displaced and smaller sector of the sky, the object under study could have still been present, but slightly shifted to the right and out of the frame captured.

This is consistent with the prevailing winds and the position in which the tear of the balloon's string shone.

An initial review of air traffic over Santiago at the time of the photographs did not show any presence in the area of the shots. Given the possibility of some technological failure in this examination, an analysis was requested.
The most complete independent assessment of the aerial situation through primary radars to an air traffic controller, who is one of the external advisors of SEFAA.

Additionally, to evaluate the possibility that what was photographed was a bird in flight, an ornithologist specialist and external advisor to SEFAA from the Wildlife Ecology Laboratory (LEVS) of the Faculty of Forest Sciences and Nature Conservation of the University of Chile was consulted.
Additionally, the opinion of an image analyst and photographer, who was one of the external advisors to SEFAA and a festival aerialist producer with airships, was sought.

Based on the photographs, the consulted ornithologist specialist noted that what was captured had not had a rapid flight and did not present the characteristics of a bird, so he leaned towards an inanimate object, such as a plastic bag, being dragged by the wind.

The festival aerialist producer with airships indicated that what was photographed had not been a rapid flight and did not present the characteristics of a bird.
It corresponds to an object associated with the airship, such as the curved silhouette
that is seen next to the basket, which is a line (rip cord) used by the pilot to open
the flap valve or parachute, at the top of
the envelope or sail and lower the balloon.

The photographer and image specialist consulted did not respond to this request for cooperation.

After reviewing the radar records for the date, the traffic controller
The external aerial and advisor to the SEFAA reported that what was photographed was not a
Air traffic.

Images: The user provided two original files captured with the main cameras of a Motorola E6S cellular phone.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimony, the results of the geographical, forensic, meteorological, photographic, and air traffic studies, along with the input from the consulted expert advisors, it was concluded that what was reported was an object that flew dragged by the wind. Although the
The characteristics of the images did not allow for a full identification of the object under study, there is a high probability that it was some type of white plastic bag.

Therefore, the file was closed and classified as "Probably Explained."
