Case No. 1203 07082020

Date: August 7, 2020.

Approximate Time: 21:00 local time.

Weather: Clear skies, with very little cloud cover, 1.3 octas.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: F. M. M., 33 years old, and J. A. M. M., 23 years old.

Description: The informant reported having observed a series of lights approximately between 20:00 and 22:00 hours ("I don't remember the time well") on August 7, 2020, in Colina, Province of Chacabuco, Metropolitan Region.
The witness stated that “they were very small white dots, almost
unnoticeable to the eye, sending a bright flash every 10 seconds,
with crossed and very rapid movements.”

Based on the daily description, it was requested to obtain the name
and some phone number or email of a second witness who allegedly
saw the same phenomenon.

The informant, aged 33, emphasized that the lights moved very quickly
and projected a light similar to stars, moving at the height of
satellites and were “very white and”
"with flashes."

An interview was conducted with his brother, J. A. M. M., aged 23,
who corroborated the informant's statement, adding:
"We were talking and always looking at the stars, we saw a flash of
light that was moving. I said, 'How strange!', perhaps a satellite,
and then I said, 'Let's go to a darker place because there is a lot of
light pollution.' We kept looking and many more satellites started
moving, a little higher than the Southern Cross. From the sea towards
the mountain range, another one from north to south."
I managed to catch a glimpse of four or five. First time we've seen something like this.”

Based on the provided information, the location of the two witnesses of the sighting was georeferenced.

The informant also provided an approximate image of the night sky where they witnessed the phenomenon, along with a drawing.

The weather conditions at the closest point to the sighting location, in this case, Arturo Merino Benítez Airport, were analyzed. The report for August 7th mentioned clear skies.
practically clear with very little cloud cover, 1.3 octas. (The
sky is divided into 8 octas).

Additionally, according to the interviews and descriptions provided
by the two witnesses, an investigation was conducted into the presence and passage of
satellites between 19:00 and 19:23, local time. According to the information obtained, 36 satellites of the Starlink constellation were visible from their geographical location.
These satellites aim to provide low-cost, broadband Internet services globally.
The first launch, with 60 of these devices, took place on May 24, 2019, and since then, nine more have been conducted. The last launch of a rocket with these artifacts occurred on August 8, 2020, with 57 satellites.

Unlike other satellites and the International Space Station, Starlink satellites have the peculiarity of being multiple devices that move in close succession and follow the same orbit.

For this reason, observing them from Earth in the night sky is possible.
It will appear very impressive to the observer, as the passage of "trains" of bodies resembling stars is witnessed, which can vary from 5 to 60 objects, or more.

Images: Only two accounts of the observations exist, one possible location image of what was observed in the night sky, and a drawing of what was seen.

Conclusion: According to the interviews conducted and the geographical, meteorological, and astronomical investigations, what both witnesses observed corresponds to the movement of
Starlink satellites in the final positioning stage at the desired orbital altitude.
