{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5457586.json","updb_database_id":5457586}
{cak} 3 red lights in formation over ocean that first appeared like plane suddenly spiraled and shot off in different directions into sky

I had just arrived to town for a conference that evening and was at the Sheraton Virginia Beach Oceanfront hotel hospitality suite on the ground floor which led straight out to the beach. Conference attendees has been there for the evening, and I had just arrived from a 13 hour drive so I was not drinking alcohol. 

I wanted to see the water as I lived in landlocked Indiana at the time, so I stepped outside and was staring outward at the ocean. I noticed 3 red lights that appeared in a tight horizontal formation over the ocean and didn’t appear to be moving. I thought maybe it was a plane flying towards the ocean and giving the appearance of being stationary, and didn’t give it too much thought. There was another conference attendee standing about 20-30 yards away staring at the water as well. 

After around 5 minutes the lights became brighter and started spreading further away from one another, which caught my attention. Suddenly all three lights performed strange swirling maneuvers and shot off into the sky at speeds I’ve never seen before or after the incident. The lights all shot off in different directions, but all shot upwards in varied degrees and disappeared. It was so fast I didn’t see tails on them or any fading of the lights. Just suddenly gone. Before I could react the other attendee for the conference yelled over to me asking “Did you see that too?” and I replied yes. They then said they were a little freaked out and went back inside. I left them out as a witness at this time as I don’t have their permission to share their information, and they had consumed some alcohol at that point in the evening. 

I remained on the beach for another 15 minutes or so and didn’t see anything else happen in the sky before returning to the suite. The remaining few days I was there I did not see anything similar to the incident either despite keeping a careful eye towards the water.

I felt compelled to share my experience after recently finding out about MUFON. Upon viewing your website this evening I’ve also realized your headquarters in Irvine is only about 6 minutes from where I work now!
