{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-09 19:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5506586.json","updb_database_id":5506586}
{kt}Lights in sky over Inverness, Florida 11/9/2013

11/9/13 Inverness, Florida

I saw approximately 10 bright orange objects passing from east to west, somewhat south of my location (Lat 28.8731 N Long 82.3606 W). All of the clips are really dark (sorry, shot at night), so they are best viewed full-screen, on a large monitor. It will also help if the room is dark. I recorded a total of 4 videos, some, when viewed in the original format, display terrestrial reference points. However, video enhancement would probably show trees, and such, on all of the clips. Each video is of different objects, with some clips showing multiple objects at the same time.

Each video was shot using a Nokia 928 cellphone, with an 8MP camera. They are all recorded at 1920x1080 resolution, at 30FPS. The file names show the dates and times that each was recorded. The earliest recording started at 19:44:56 EST, and the last started at 19:49:28 EST. The cellphone was held in the vertical position (long side from top to bottom), so when viewed in a video player, the clips may appear sideways. If viewed sideways, east will be at the bottom of the screen, and the top of the original clip will be to the left side of your screen.

The objects did not pass all at the same time, in any sort of "formation".  They passed during a couple minute period, at somewhat varying separations, and they seemed to vary in distance, but they all did appear to be tracking on parallel courses. To the naked eye, the objects were a fairly bright yellow-orange, and the general appearance did not appear to change with the viewing angle. It looked the same approaching (from the east), when they were even with me (looking directly south) and departing (to the west). The trajectory of every object was straight, there were no sharp turns, or zig-zags. Any percieved movements of that sort, in the videos, were due to my inability to hold the cellphone steady. Where the objects appear to stay in one place, "hovering", this is due to me doing a better job of panning with it, All objects continued moving at a steady pace, and did not stop.

19:44:56 This video shows at least 3 objects. The bright white light is the moon, At some point, near the end, my neighbors porch is seen.

19:46:20 This video shows one object, passing over the roof line of the neighboring apartment. The light colored area, near the top, at the start of the clip, is the eave of my apartment. The lighted area is on the neighbors porch, the bright white light, in the upper left, near the end, is the moon.

19:48:36 This clip has no obvious points of reference, and also displays "streaking". The movement is due to me moving the cellphone, not amazing maneuvers. I tried to pan with the object, as it crossed the sky, but that is not apparent.

19:49:28 This one shows a single object. It appears that I was fairly successful at keeping it centered, as it moved. The object was definitely moving, from east to west, and fairly quickly.

There was no apparent sound, associated with their passage, nor any debris tails (like with meteors or space junk burning up).

There were multiple witnesses to the event. I was with someone, and I also heard other nearby voices, in the area, making statements about what was seen. 

As suggested, I have uploaded all 4, uncompressed videos to the links shown below. I am uncertain if YouTube does any processing or compression, after they get them. I have the originals on my phone, and on a PC.

[Links moved to FI section/cms/tg]
