{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5505586.json","updb_database_id":5505586}
{dr}Lights hover over property.

I was at home with my grandmother, and we were outside on the back porch. That was something we regularly did from early to mid 2012, as we liked the view out there and it was warm and the house protected us from any wind movement.
My grandmother had gone outside to smoke when we noticed it. We thought the objects were stars at first, they looked like them but then we noticed they were too low and far too bright to be stars. We rationalized that they must be airplanes, but my grandmother knows from years of experience that planes don't fly that low and it was too late for helicopters to be out on the property.
There were 3 of the objects, floating in a triangle formation near the tops of the trees a couple hundred feet away it seemed like. They stayed that way for nearly ten minutes. They were spherical in shape and had an orangeish golden glow, almost like the color the sun if it were extremely dim. They didn't light up anything except for themselves.
The top object went up after the initial ten minutes, then incredibly slowly started moving up and forward towards our house. After about five minutes, the other two started to follow it in the same pattern. We watched for five more minutes but they had started to move more quickly, and after about 20 minutes in total all three of them were gone. We never specifically saw those spheres again.
I wasnt particularly scared, more curious than anything else. I didn't feel much fear. I know I didn't want them to come anywhere near my home though, that thought filled me with dread. My grandmother and I didn't do much as we watched them, just kind of stood there and discussed what we thought they were doing. We didn't call them UFOs, we called them lights as thats what they reminded us of.
We lost sight of the three objects after they disappeared over our roof to where we couldnt see them anymore. I alone went to the other porch to see if I could see them; I waited for about two minutes but I never spotted them.
