{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-28 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41531","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5516586.json","updb_database_id":5516586}
(GS) 4 telepaths occured in my mind and a 5th, claiming to be Extraterrestrial

I know telepathic contact draws real sceptical responces but I have found
virtually nothing in literature about their society or conduct so hope-
fully something can be learned from mine. This occured in a hospital which
probably draws more scepticism, but unlike many contactees who boast
a special role or genes or whatever, all I could think when these 5 beings
entered my mind is I wanted them the hell out, I wanted to leave the
damn hospital. It was not a voluntary or uplifting experience. I sensed
the 4 telepaths represented very important people or political entities
and they were very angry about being dragged in the presence of this
being, I think they blamed me. I was not the center of the telepathic
conference but more a witness or possible helper. As I say, if I had been
thinking I was some vanguard human contactee, it would have been me
at the center of the conference. The alein sounded male, but had no organ-
ized projection of emotions or aesthetics other than some joviality. His
mood was altogether alien from a human perspective. On star trek you
see certain cultures having particular emotional qualities, here there
were absolutely none, this person did not know how to impress his 
audiance of humans, and made mistakes. Many I pointed out and he was
thankful. His main point was that our planet was running out of resources
and was going to run into some big, big trouble. He was offering that
his people would take a group of human intellectuals away from the many
problems that were bound to crop up, and set up an archive for us humans.
He suggested I would make a good diplomat, but my focus was to get away
from this hospital. He left and I had to deal with alot of mental stress
from the 4 remaining people. At last I was released (I asked for a court
hearing so because I felt I was being detained without due process) The
Doctor said I was fine and the further I got from that hospital the better
I felt. I think when the aliens deal with their medical subjects they sort
of freeze the mind to prevent conversation so this was a unique event 
where 5 humans (mainly 4) freely interacted with this extremely strange
guy. I have had telepathic experiences before but never with a being as
absolutely different from humans as this. By the way, there have been
2 near debarkations with a saucer at Chicagos Ohare airport.
I hope this is of some help to researchers.
