{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43622","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5514586.json","updb_database_id":5514586}
{dr}Stationary bright white object with spinning bands of blue, green, red-pink and golden lights rapidly rotating around the exterior. No sound. Blinked out.

I walked out my front door in west Raleigh, NC zip 27607 with the dog about 8 or 9 pm on February 8 or 9, 2012. It was a dark clear night so I looked up to see the stars, looking due east. I immediately noticed a stationary bright white object, much larger than any star, hovering just above the tree line (9 or 10:00 position on a clock) maybe 1/2 to 3/4 mile away (aspirin or penny size). It was clearly a solid object and had a slight whitish halo around it. It seemed internally lit (white) and had bands of colors spinning or pulsing rapidly around the exterior (blue, green, red-pink and golden yellow). It made no sound. I did not see another object in the eastern sky. I suddenly felt uneasy, called the dog and we went inside. I continued to look at it through the glass of the storm door. I called my husband to come and look; but he did not. I went to call him, get my camera and walked back to the door. It then just blinked out. I went outside to see if it had moved elsewhere in the sky but did not see it.
I told a few friends about what I saw and have been looking for an explanation. I have researched phases of the moon, February night sky from the Hubble site, satellites, lighted blimps and sculptures, archives of local newspapers and TV stations. I watched and re-watched UFO Files and Hunters programs looking for my object. I found some YouTube videos that were similar but not exactly what I saw. Someone from Raleigh commented on one YouTube that 6 months before the posting in August (also timing his sighting to early February) he had seen a stationary bright object with rotating colors that blinked out. I reviewed the MUFON-NC site and recently found the UFO Sightings site. Just tonight I found UFO Report ID: 100396 (your MUFON Case 35595 of 2-7-12). Three photos are posted. The second photo looks very much like my object, but mine was larger/closer. 
So, here goes, I am filing this report. Please let me know if there is an explanation for the object. I am willing to answer your questions.
