{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5510586.json","updb_database_id":5510586}
{cak} 3 witnesses saw object glow, then rapidly dim, then another right next to it do the same

Three of us sitting around the campfire at the East Campgrounds at Johnson Lake SRA near Lexington, Nebraska Saturday night,just after midnight June 2nd, listening to my son telling a story, when suddenly I felt we were being watched and for some unknown reason I looked up through a clearing in the trees and saw a very bright light suddenly appear. 

I exclaimed "what the hell is that?" and my son and his friend both turned and we all watched as the bright light suddenly faded to nothing discernible and then to our astonishment another object just to the right (our right) of it appeared out of the dark sky glowed very brightly and then faded into darkness like the first one. My son, his friend and I all ran to the other side of the trees (75 ft.) but by this time they were gone. 

My son thinks he saw the first one fly off after it dimmed but he is not positive. This has left him very shaken as he is a very hardcore skeptic and has never had a close encounter.

This is my second encounter with the first happening more than forty years ago with a similarly bright hovering object.

This episode bothers me because I "felt" as if someone was watching us and I "felt" compelled to look up to the practically only opening in the trees to see the southwestern sky.

The campground was very quiet as most everyone had retired for the night, so we did not hear any sounds associated with the sighting.

I was truly terrified when it happened. It all happened so quickly, maybe 45 seconds or less. None of us was quick enough to film with our phones, but this is the absolute, so help me God.

To the non-believers, judge not so quickly. When your experience happens, (and it will) you will be left to wrestle with your emotions and your psyche, trying to make sense of it all, just like the rest of us.

The first words out of my sons mouth afterwards: That was NOT MAN-MADE!"
I responded with "if man didn't make them, then who did?"

The look in his eyes gave me the answer.

A very true story. Someone out there had to see this, too!
