{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5548586.json","updb_database_id":5548586}
Saw moonlight reflect off of a non illuminated silent object about 100 feet from me which was moving slowly at first.

I came from the woodshed with an armload of wood before bed time at about 1:00 AM on a clear fall night with moon shining and snow on the ground. There was no breese blowing. I was walking across my front lawn with the wood when a flash of light caught my eye. In front of me was an object which was all dark and moving at a walking pace or a little faster. There were no lights on it, but the moon was reflecting brightly off of its upper surface. I would estimate it to be about 30 or more feet in length. It was completely silent, not even the sound of moving air. I appeared to be about 100 feet or less from me and about 40 feet above the street. This is a rural area and there are only five houses on this quarter mile long street.
 My first reaction was that it was a flock of Canada geese, but I should have heard honking or the sound of their wings, and they would have been moving faster. Once I looked it, it immediately picked up speed and sped northward. I turned 90 degrees to my left, and it was moving away directly in front of me. It covered about one third of a mile before I lost sight of it in the night sky, It travelled that distance in about five seconds or less. As it sped away, I could see a very flat object about five times as wide as it was high.The outside edges on each side appeared to dip down slightly.
 I learned a few days later that my neighbour who was working a half mile from my location had seen a silver rectangular object mooving fast far above him on two different days in the daytime. His sightings were a few days before mine.
 As the object sped away, I was convinced that it was not a craft which the public is aware of, and I believe it was what we call An Unidentified Flying Object.
 I was not alarmed, because UFO sightings in this area have been commom for over 30 years, and it was not the first one I have seen.
