{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5489586.json","updb_database_id":5489586}
{dr}The UFO appeared from thin air. Has it moved made no sound and was about the size of a football field and glided from southwest to northeast

It was between the year 1977 and 1978, during the time I was a teenager, I was residing in the southeast side of Houston, Texas when the incident occurred; I was not into the UFO documentary stuff at that time nor believed in other worlds existing; just being a 70s teenager. One evening during the aforementioned time, it may have been anywhere between the time of 9:30pm and 10:30 pm hours, my mother told me to run down the roadway to the local store to purchase some items she had needed immediately for cooking; the store was about a half of block down the street east of my residence. I don't remember what time I had left that even exactly, however, it was at least before the local 10 o clock evening news had broadcast that night. I immediately proceeded out of my residence, onto the residential area roadway and proceeded on foot east bound to the store and crossed over a main roadway, in which the store was located. Upon arrival at the store, which the walk to the store only took approximately 3 to 5 minutes from my home, I immediately purchased the items my mother requested, therefore, I was in and out the front door of the store in approximately 5 minutes, crossed over the main roadway and was on my residential street in seconds. A few minutes later, while proceeding west bound on my residential roadway and just arriving in front of my residence, something caught my attention which I found very odd that evening hour. Next to my residence, west of it, there was a large open vacant lot between my residence and the next house west of mine at that time, which stretched north to the next street over, therefore, I could clearly see the next street over north from my residence. Again, something odd caught my eye, I remembering observing what appeared to be some unidentified vehicle proceeding through a dark residential street west bound at a very high rate of speed, based on my current experience, it was traveling at least 70 mph in a 25 mph residential area, passing parked cars on that small roadway with NO head lights on what so ever. I found that to be odd and I remember saying this to my self out loud, "why is he driving so fast like that and no head lights!" Seconds later, while still stunned by this vehicle's actions, something caught my attention that would haunt me for the rest of my life up to the time of this report, from out of thin air west of me over my residential roadway, this hugh UFO or some kind of craft appeared from out of thin air about a 45 degree angle of my site south of the vehicle's travel. This was not some point of light in the sky or anything, this thing was very very large, humongous hugh! It was approximately the size of a football field. At that time, frozen in fear in my tracks, I observed this object about approximately 100 feet from the roadway and approximately 100 to 125 feet from me. Therefore, I was close enough to the point if I would have turned my back to the UFO and had thrown a rock at it over my shoulder, I confidently know I would have hit it; that's how close I was to it. The most frightening thing about the whole incident, that for it to be so close to me, so humongous in size that it slowly moved without making a sound; totally silent! It moved from over my street north to a north easternly direction over the open vacant lot towards the roadway of where the mysterious traveling vehicle was last seen. Slowly and smoothly glided and it appeared that it was almost traveling towards me. I was so frighten and immediately panicked, thinking that who ever was operating that UFO was coming to get me. I ran up to our closed chain link fence and not sure if I leaped over it our opened it, however, afterwards, I remembering running up to the porch and frantically trying to open the closed and locked exterior aluminum glass front door, jerking on it frantically and yelling open the door. I remember my sister, who was next to me in age approaching the door from inside the living room, unlocked it and opened the door and asking me in a smart sarcastic way, like sister and brother were, "what's wrong with you boy!". I burst right into that living room, scared like nothing before and nothing since up to the time of this report. I remember going into the kitchen and I think my Mom asked me "where have you been and why it has it taken so long to go to the store." I was speechless and had yet to respond to either my sister's question nor my Mom. I was to shook up to talk. A few minutes passed, still shook up from the incident and had not told anyone what I had witnessed, I proceeded to my bedroom and was casually in front of my 13 inch black and white television and the local news was broadcasting. The weather man was on the television, which was approximately 10:25 pm , sarcastically stated that a UFO had been spotted in the Houston area. My question is, was I abducted or part of a missing time incident? Was the traveling vehicle in question part of all this? I have to say, I don't remember seeing any lights on this large object in question. All I can say is that it was approximately the size of a football field, shaped either Chevron or rectangular. This object did not make a sound, absolutely at all; totally silent while it moved across the air! Therefore, it had a high degree of technology that I have never seen before and yet up to the time of this report. It was not a blimp or any air craft I have ever seen in my life time. If that's military of the US or any country, that country would rule the world with that kind of technology; appearing out of thin air and moving across the air without sound, compulsion or some kind of exhaust. In addition, I have had many other incidents in my life so have other family members experiencing things that violated laws of physics that were unexplained such as missing time, appearing from one location of the city to another location miles away in a blink of an eye. I wonder if this is all connected.
