{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526586","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/586/mufon-5526586.json","updb_database_id":5526586}
UFO disc "landing" near Newville, PA

Somewhat distraught over a relationship breakup, I decided to take a late night walk to try to clear my thoughts. I found myself walking just outside Newville (half a mile?) when I glanced up to see a yellow light moving across the sky somewhat above the mountain. My first thought was that it was a satellite or plane/jet with the sun still reflecting off of it. Watching it, I further thought, "Wait a minute...it's almost 2 am...the sun wouldn't still be refecting at this time." Also noting that it was moving a little faster than normal nighttime objects, I stopped walking to watch it. As soon as I stopped walking, the object slowed down, dropped lower and SHOT my direction so fast that I ducked down behind the embankment beside the road. It was at this time that I noticed the crickets were all chirping very loudly. After a few seconds, I got the courage to slowly stand back upright and look. At this point, I saw a disc with a small dome on top hovering above the trees possibly near the Conodoguinet Creek some distance away. At this point, the disc appeared to land in a group of trees. I DID NOT stick around to see any more, running as fast as I could towards Newville. Near the elementary school, a car stopped and asked if I needed a ride. I took the ride into the center of town. On the short ride, the driver, apparently seeing my fear, asked if I was ok. I thought for a second to ask if he saw it too, but decided he would think I'm nuts, so I just said yeah, I was ok. Dropped off at my car just outside a friends house, I knocked on their door, but his dad came to the door and told me to go after I said what I had seen. He thought I was on drugs (I wasn't, nor had I been drinking). Later his dad said I was "white as a sheet."
   The object itself was similar to the one at the top of this webpage, but with a smaller dome and the top part coming down lower, making the bottom almost flat. The entire object was glowing a dull yellow, but with at least four lights on the bottom glowing brighter and lighting further, sequentially (rapidly)in a clockwise rotation. The dome was also glowing quite a bit brighter than the body, with the exception of a darker spot on the dome, that made me think it was something in the dome watching outside, causing me great fear. I can easily draw a picture of it still 37 years later.
