{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5503079.json","updb_database_id":5503079}
{kt}starlike object at continuous speed zig zagging from star to star

This incident took place in the summer of 1980, the exact date I do not recall. The time of night I do not recall but it was very late, maybe as late as 2:00 a.m. I was in Livingston County near Odell, Illinois on a dark, clear, cloudless star filled night. There is absolutely no light pollution. Iwas not under the influence of alcohol or drugs.  I was sitting on the hood of a car with another person looking up at the stars, which I love to do. I saw an object that looked exactly like a star; same size, same brightness, same distance away, for it was among the stars or so it appeared. It was the size and brightness as a large bright star. Not one of those tiny ones and this one did not twinkle or change in any way. This object was moving at a continual and even speed, travelling from star to star. As soon as it would get near a star, looking as though it would crash into it, object would veer off at a right angle, or in another straight angle, and go to another star and repeat the process. Object never slowed down, it kept up the same even pace the entire time I watched it. I had no clue what this could be but it was mesmerizing.  Other person did not care to be involved with even looking at object. Iam counting him as witness but he wad so disinterested he may not have comprehended. The other witness is deceased. The viewing went on for at least twenty minutes. Ijust stopped watching it, it was still travelling. It did not go all over the sky, it kept to a very small area of the sky. I was curious and fascinated and couldn't understand why the other person wasn't as interested but I was breaking up with him and he was morose. The weirdest part of the story, is more than a year later I was describing this incident to my current boyfriend who is now my husband. His eyes grew wide and he told me he saw the same thing. He lived about eight miles from me, in Dwight Illinois. He said it was late at night during the same summer, same time of night. He was so excited that he woke his 80 yr old mother who said it was a weather balloon lol. I have thought a lot about this over the years and it still eludes reasoning.
