{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-01 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5518079.json","updb_database_id":5518079}
a light in the distance zoomed toward myself and my neighbor and hovered over our roof

My neighbor and I were standing on our second story balcony, which we shared staring west over the adjacent building, when an orange/amber object became visible on the horizon. It was still light out, just before sunset. I remarked the object reminded me of a UFO and jokingly asked how much he would like to bet on it. As a child I was convinced I had been abducted, and the object seemed familiar, even though I had no clear memories of such a thing. The object stayed in place for 2 to 3 minutes and suddenly we became aware, it wasnt something normal. We continued nervously watching the hovering ball of light when suddenly and soundlessly it flew straight at us. The object hovered above the roof of our apartment complex. It was a vast, dark grey object with a matte finish, its bottom had a ring of blueish light around the edges and three orbs of orange light underneath. The object was a triangular disc with rounded corners. For 10-20 seconds it hovered silently above us and our building, then zipped away to the east without a sound. Hardly believing what we had just seen, my neighbor and I ran down the stairs of our deck, to the parking lot to the east of our building and looked for anyone who also witnessed the object. There was a couple grilling out, sitting in a garage, and we asked them if they saw it. The asked us if we had been drinking, to which we replied "no" Months later I asked my neighbor, to describe the object, just to see if what I remembered wasnt some kind of realistic dream. He described the object in exactly the manner I remembered it. Ive always felt like this object new I was there, and purposefully revealed itself to me. It knew, I knew what it was. I have no memories of abduction, only missing periods of time during my childhood, a tendency to see objects in the sky, particularly at dusk and dawn, but I always brushed it off as a childhood fear of aliens. This moment solidified in my mind that these event must have happened because this time there was a witness who agreed we saw the same, seemingly impossible object. I have to say when the object was hovering over my head, I wasnt scared, like I had been before, just seeing lights in the distance. I felt it knew I wanted to see it, that there was intelligence there, but no malice.
