{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-12 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5507079.json","updb_database_id":5507079}
{nd} Three bright & pulsating lights flying in formation

Last Saturday evening (10-12-13), I saw something truly extraordinary!

It was just after 8PM and I was headed to York, PA on my motorcycle to surprise a old friend, in from California. It was pretty cloudy and I was taking a chance riding because odds were, itd rain before I could get home. In any event, as soon as I pulled out of my driveway (just north of Gettysburg), I saw it.

Or, I should say - them! 

There were three very bright lights in the shape of a long, acute triangle - low in the sky, directly off to my right (after I turned left, onto the road). They were impossible to miss they were so bright! There wasnt another light in the sky and it looked as though they were moving! 

I kept glancing at them as I rode along and it was quite obvious they were individual lights, not part of some larger object or craft. It wasnt until I reached the 4-way intersection about 3/10s mile from my home, though, that I could tell they were indeed moving. They were headed almost due south, very slowly - maybe as slow as 5 or 10mph - with the light farthest from the two closer to each-other, in the lead; like a giant arrowhead moving across the sky! 

I was looking at them from the side, facing east, as they neared the roadway. I turned right at the intersection, heading right toward them and it wasnt long until I was nearly below them. 

I let off the throttle and was moving pretty slowly myself (maybe 15 mph,), listening as best I could over the rumble of my Harleys exhaust. Earlier this year, Id seen other, similar lights, but none traveling in "formation". They were always solo and of pretty short duration. I was definitely excited and a bit nervous, but not afraid. I was not nearly this close for the other sightings and really wanted to see as much as possible; not knowing what would happen - but eager to find out! I called upon my infantry training to calm myself and take in as much detail as I could. Like the others Ive seen, these too had an orangish, amber-like hue, but these were closer and very bright; seeming almost to sparkle. It was much as though I was looking at them through running water, or something. They kind of rippled, I guess you could say. The had a slow pulsating effect as well which was steady and consistent - all three pulsing in unison, about every second or so. It was obvious at so close a distance, but I hadnt noticed it when I saw them from afar. I cant say they really "glowed", but it was very humid and they were very, very bright, so there was sort of a halo around them (for lack of a better word).

I was getting close but not yet underneath them when they seemed to slow. Then, without warning, the first one "shrunk" and took off - straight up and through the low-hanging clouds - followed by the second one, immediately thereafter. Id lost the first one as soon as it hit the clouds, but I could see the second one continue up, high into the atmosphere through a hole in the clouds, accelerating and growing dimmer and dimmer as it went. I was finally directly under where the first one had been when the third one too became only a small, dim light as well. I assume it shot up through the clouds too, but at that point I had to really pay attention to my riding because Id already been looking up for far too long and was afraid Id run off the road!

I should add that when they began their vertical assent, they didn't exactly "shoot" up. They just "went" straight up - not all that fast (at first). They did enter the clouds pretty quickly, though, so they mustve already been a few hundred feet in altitude. If I had to guess, Id say they were around 300-500 feet high, or so, and (at their "largest") Id guess they were about six to ten feet in diameter, perhaps. When they "became small", they were maybe the size of a basketball. I admit that Im really only guessing, though. I have no idea what the cloud level was - but, they were very low and dark - with small, open patches through which I could see the darkening sky above. As I said, it appeared the second one continued to accelerate, after it cleared the thick clouds and flew high into the atmosphere.

Now, I didn't know what to think about all this, of course. I was hardly expecting to see something so dramatic (just leaving mu house!) and I was debating whether I should turn around and zoom back to my house to tell my wife (and hide?), or, if I should continue on my way. I decided to keep going until I reached a little gas-station/diner by Rt 15 (Hunterstown Exit) where I pulled over to call my wife. I no sooner pulled in and turned to face home when another light appeared - or, more accurately, it was there when I turned around and looked. Anyway, I kept watching it as I fumbled with my gloves, goggles and leather "Snoopy cap" and, finally, managed to get my phone out from under my leather riding jacket. 

The light was moving south, just as the others had and Id only just gotten my wife on the phone when it suddenly disappeared.

I was about 4 miles from where Id seen the other lights, so I cant say what it actually did. It was simply too far to tell for sure - but, like the others, it was too bright to miss and it too was the only light of any kind in the sky. I was trying to bring my wife up to speed - lamenting that shed missed such an amazing sighting - when another light suddenly appeared! It came out of nowhere - exactly where Id first seen the one a moment before and almost certainly where Id seen the others - and, it was also heading due south.

I was encouraging my wife to throw on some clothes (she was in bed!) and get out to see this one, at least, when it too disappeared - at the same spot the last one had!

I was already running pretty late, so I asked my wife to stay out for awhile and see if she spotted anything else, but I had to get on my way. We don't know if any more appeared as she went up/out for only a few minutes before heading back inside. It was getting a little chilly and shes deathly afraid of the dark (and absolutely hates being out at night w/o me there - even with our large dogs!). I wish she had stayed out for awhile, but she didn't. I did what I could; constantly scanning the skies on my way to York, but saw nothing else.

Id like to add that Ive seen more unexplainable lights and objects in the sky in these past six months than in my entire life put together - and Im an outdoors kinda guy and have always enjoyed looking at the night sky! This sighting was the most amazing I can remember, by far! I don't know what (if anything) all this recent activity means, but Im going to be out there looking, every chance I get! You can count on it!

Goodness knows, it sure beats watching the news! :-(

*Im including two pictures I made which are pretty accurate representations of the three lights I saw. I did them in Photoshop, using landscapes and storm-clouds I snagged online (or, created myself) and assembled them into composite-illustrations - adding the UFOs/lights as best as I could. They are not pictures of the location(s) where I saw the lights. I was just too lazy to go out and snap pictures. Id have still needed to insert the skies and all anyway, so I didn't bother. The size of the lights (as they appear) is very close to accurate, however, and the pics look pretty close to the actual area where this occurred. The lights were definitely big, but I did have a hard time with the brightness and color (Im read-green color deficient) and how do you make something in a picture bright and pulsating? Still, the pics are pretty close to what I saw and should give the viewer a good idea of what they actually looked like. 

Thank you. 

**Oh! I did get caught in a torrential downpour on my way home and arrived soaked to the bone and frozen! It was worth it, though! I had a great time!
