{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56942","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5502079.json","updb_database_id":5502079}
{cak} Two balls of light and one large UFO near Army Ammo Plant

As reported to ASD in person at the site (submitter wishes to remain anonymous so my own phone number is inserted) The witness is a Deputy Sheriff. 

"I saw your report about the 1969 UFO sighting over Lake City Army Ammo Plant and decided to talk to someone about it. I must remain anonymous because of my position or I could lose my job. Other people have reported similar things and have been transferred or lost their job. What I saw is unexplainable. I work nights and I patrol eastern Independence. For a couple of years now I've been seeing strange lights or balls of lights in the trees and along the highways (78 and 7). The lights range from baseball sized to larger than a basketball and are generally white, blue, or orange. At the time of this most recent event I was driving north on Highway 7 just past the Little Blue river when I noticed a small white ball of light and a larger orange fireball to my east (right side) at about 30 yards from my position also moving north at approximately 45 mph. I watched the objects for approximately 10-15 seconds then they moved further east and out of sight. At that point, I noticed a sliver metallic spherical shaped object NE of my position, which would have been near or over the Army Ammo Plant. The object was hovering and spinning and at times looked like a saucer shape, then morphed back to a spherical shape. It began to move very slowly further north for a few more seconds, then stopped. I pulled into the Little Blue Trace park and got out of my vehicle to observe it more closely. The object remained in the area, moving very slowly around in circles and back and forth just above the tree line approximately 300 feet from the ground and perhaps approximately 500 - 1,000 feet away from me,or maybe more. Then the object flew away at a high rate of speed to the SE at 75 degrees. It appeared to stop and at that point was very small and looked like a large planet. Then this object and four others that were already in that position that just looked like stars moved around a little bit and then stopped close together. A small fighter jet came into the area from the east and circled twice in a large circle, then returned in the same direction it came from. I mentioned this to another deputy and he said he had been seeing strange things in the area for years but he didn't tell anyone about it until now. 

Note: This is the same location as the Blue Springs Lights in 2012, a sighting of a sphere UFO in 2013, and the recent 1969 report.
