{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37872","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5519079.json","updb_database_id":5519079}
2 craft disappeared into space

In 1994 I went on a road trip out west with 7 others. I live in Chicago and we were headed to Arizona. Was an interesting ride. 

We were at the south east rim of the grand canyon, Navajo Point is its name. There are a few parking spots there, and small observation spot. This just a very small spot on the canyon, the more popular spots are down the road. The sun had set and there was no moon. We were all in our own little worlds enjoying the amazing night sky. I live in the citu and Im lucky if on a clear night I can see 15 stars.

I was in total awe of the night sky out there, it is totally amazing. For the first time I understood why they call it the milky way, the sheer density of the star field, incredible. So we were all enjoying the sky, you could easily see "shooting stars" and satellites. There I am alone but not far from the others when I hear a loud, "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT???!!" I went over to where it came from, we all gathered there in a line, and there they were in the sky.

In the southern sky at about maybe a 50 degree angle were 2 large lights. A big one following a smaller one. They appeared as large lights in the sky. To give an idea of how large they looked, the larger one was like 25 stars put together in size. They both were bright with a orangish color, the smaller of the 2 had more of a uniform color, whiter. The larger one had a whiteish center surrounded by an orangish hue. They moved across the sky from west to east in a slight arc/downward angle. They didn't just move in a line though, the surged and stopped, surged and stopped. It was very fluid though, the pauses they made were not jerky, the motion was smooth. They continued across the sky until the smaller one, the one in front appeared to stop moving while the other continued, but it didn't stop. It started to get smaller, and fainter until it disappeared straight off into space. Then the other did the same. We all watched it as it got smaller, and smaller, until finally it was gone. The entire time I was the only one who spoke, and I repeated the same thing over and over, "What the @#%$ is that??!!, can anyone tell me what the @#%$ that is??!!" none of us had an answer. Now were not rocket scientists, but we were not morons either. We tried to figure out what it could have been, plane, helicopter, weather balloon (lol) and no matter what rational explanation we came up with, there was always a reason why it couldnt have been that. We concluded that there wasnt an explanation, and we didn't know what it was. 5 people including myself all saw the same thing. 

I cant sit here and say that it was for sure, 100% an "alien" spaceship. There was a "craft", or vehicle, and it definitely disappeared right off into space. So Im basically at 2 conclusions, either it was "aliens", or someone here on earth has technology hundreds of years ahead of anything the public knows about.

I didn't believe in UFOs before this happened, I was a skeptic. I figured that life had to be out there someplace. I don't even consider myself to believe in UFOs now either, thats like saying that you believe in trees, nobody believes in trees, they are there. Belief is for Santa, god, and leprechauns.
