{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-24 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109564","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5452079.json","updb_database_id":5452079}
The UFO hearded us like cattle, chased us on foot, and attempted to abduct my husband and I when we were teenagers

My then boyfriend and I went to go to a friends house, for some reason (we never did before, or again) forgot to check around the corner for his truck at his girlfriend's house, and instead started walking north along juniper st in oroville wa. Towards our friends parents house. Immediately after we start walking I notice there is no animals anywhere. That in itself is odd as oroville has a lot of strays. Then as I get one block down the road, I look west over the smillkamien river towards the mountains.
I see a small red light, I tell my boyfriend "hun look a plane" the light is traveling west towards us. We quickly realize it was not a plane when it turn abruptly north and started to follow us up juniper st. At this point I'm scared, looking forward just trying to get to our friends house, trying to distract myself. Then I notice a rainbow, completely circling the moon. But my boyfriend and I then notice the "moon" is twice as big as it should be, and not in the right spot in the sky. At this point we reach the high school at the end of juniper and turn east to see our friend is not at his parents house. However we decide to walk ironwood home, because it had more street lights. So now as were walking I notice every single star in the sky is doing the same red/blue blinking. And black clouds are rushing in from all direction closing in over the valley, there was no wind on the ground. Now were walking south on ironwood, freaking out, when we get past the elementary school, the clouds have closed in overhead and it is dark. The darkest night I've ever seen. Then we hear the footsteps. Lots of foot steps, following us down the road, we cant see them but we can hear them. Doing almost military like maneuvers, coming in side streets, herding us like cattle back towards the house. My boyfriend is telling me to keep quiet and walk faster as we speed walk south. When we get the the corner of 4th and ironwood, we turn west and see our friends truck. The clouds also have been getting lower and lower as we try and make it to our friends girlfriends house. So we turn and I look east up 4th street and under the streetlight 2 blocks up, is the shimmery outline of a 4 foot tall humanoid figure watching us. We run and bang on the door of our friends house, he wont answer. So we hide around the house and decide fuck it, its half a block we can make it. So we sprint down 4th, and turn up juniper towards my house, I turn and look back down juniper and see a 2nd shimmer person only a block back. But I'm at my yard. I run into the yard my boyfriend finally sees the shimmer person though and stops at the edge of the yard. By now the black clouds have lowered so low that the top of the spruce tree in the yard was engulfed. So I'm now on the covered porch yelling at buck to get inside. He finally turns and starts across the yard at me, he was about 5 feet from me when the clouds parted and a super bright beam of light falls directly on buck, he looks up and just freezes. I'm yelling screaming trying everything I can to get his attention. After about 1 minuet of yelling screaming and begging him to look at me. I closed my eyes and stuck one hand into the light, grabbed buck and pulled him out of the light and into the house...and that was the end of the encounter. I was left terrified and refused to look outside. Buck was confused, as he didnt remember any thing from while he was in the light. He couldn't hear me at all.
