{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-07 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66441","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5493079.json","updb_database_id":5493079}
{cak} Multiple objects seen flying in formation North of Longmont, CO.

I walked outside the front door of our house, which faces North, at around 9:30 AM Mountain Time to sip my morning coffee and smoke a cigarette. I recall the sky was blue without a cloud in the sky. We had gone through a period of extended rainfall and grey skies and recall noting how nice it was to see the sky was blue without a cloud in sight. Approximately 2-3 miles North of our house is a small airport that regularly flies planes over the airport and drops parachute jumpers. I enjoy watching them jump out of the plane, open their shoots and watch them fall to the ground in the open fields near the airport. We do experience quite a bit of air traffic as a result of the airport. The planes that fly over are mostly small single engine propeller airplanes and some biplanes. The planes that take the parachute jumpers up are slightly bigger with two propellers. 

This particular morning, as I stepped outside I saw the parachute jumpers jumping out of the plane and open their shoots. As I was looking up at the parachute jumpers, beyond them in the sky, I saw 7-8 round metallic looking objects (I did not count them) in the sky flying in what appeared to be in some sort of formation with 3-4 objects flying in-front and 3-4 following behind flying in a manner that seemed like they were flying around each other in a counter clockwise fashion. They must of been a significant distance away, but I honestly have no clue as to the distance. Initially I thought they were airplanes flying in formation, maybe even engaging in some sort of exercise or dog fighting simulation. I remember also thinking to myself, "are the parachute jumpers seeing this?". I have lived in this house for 3 years and I have never witnessed any kind of flight activity from the airport such as this. I thought maybe it was a military exercise, but aside from an occasional Chinook helicopter I have never seen any significant military activity in the area, nor am I aware of any. As the objects moved in the sky, I distinctly remember seeing the objects reflect the sunlight in the East. I tried to picture in my head what if anything these objects resembled. I was mostly running through different planes they might be but couldn't figure it out. I continued to watch them curiously for maybe two minutes as they continued to circle around each other slowly moving Eastward. They didn't seem to move too erratically with maybe the exception of the sharp turns they seemed to do around each other. Then my girlfriend stepped outside to water the plants. I brought her attention to the objects in the sky. She looked for a moment and immediately said, "UFOs!". That's when the thought that what I might be seeing is some sort of UFO. In a sense it was, I saw an unidentified flying object, whether or not it's of earthly origin or not, I do not know. What I can say is, I have never seen anything like it before and found it curious and interesting. 

My girlfriend and I continued to watch the objects for about another minute as it slowly drifted eastward while they continued to circle another and they just slowly moved out of view on the horizon. They did not dart off, they just slowly dissipated into the sky, presumably as they moved too far away to remain in our line of sight. Afterwards, we kind of looked at each other perplexed, not quite sure what we had seen. We didn't dwell on it heavily and somewhat dismissed it as we went on with our day getting ready for a camping trip to Rocky Mountain National Park we had planned. In subsequent days though, what we saw kept coming up in our conversations and we thought it would be a good idea to put in a report and see if anyone else saw something too.
