{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-28 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5495079.json","updb_database_id":5495079}
{dr}We witnessed two red, triangular shapes hovering and moving slowing across the sky on March 28th about 9 pm

On March 28th shortly after 9 p.m. I was upstairs and I looked out my bedroom window facing west. In the sky above the Progress Ridge Shopping Center I saw two red lights above the New Seasons area flying relatively low. They were not moving but were hovering over the area. I knew immediately that it was not a normal sight and I ran downstairs to get outside quickly for a better view of the objects. 

My family was downstairs and ran outside after me onto our deck asking what I was doing and I showed them the lights! We were completely amazed and watched them for over three minutes before they disappeared. None of us could believe what we were seeing in our own backyard so to speak! My son was quick on his feet and recorded the sighting on his iPhone 6.  

Once we were outside and could see better we also noticed that they had a triangle shape to them. The red lights were very bright and the light at the tip of the triangle was the brightest. But they had lights on the sides as well. They appeared to dim and then get brighter and then repeat that process. They hovered over the area and then slowly moved towards the north. One of the lights seemed to just go out but then reappeared behind the first one and moved quickly back to the front. It dropped hundreds of feet and back in front again in a second! 

They stayed a constant red color. The only thing that changed was the intensity of the red. Eventually the first one moved into a fog bank and disappeared or just went out. The second one did the same thing. We watched for another half hour or so waiting to see if they would reappear but they did not. 

I am not sure what we saw BUT it was something. We did not hear any sounds coming from them but neighborhood dogs were barking like crazy and seemed agitated while they were around. If it was a lantern then it could not move that fast and change direction. A laser would not be a triangle shape. It is a mystery!! But glad that we were there to witness it.
