{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67472","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2835,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5492079.json","updb_database_id":5492079}
{jpg} 6-10 spherical transparent objects flying in V formation. Several objects randomly switch places in the form at in

I drive a cab at night in the city of Galesburg. At approximately 12:40 am on 24th of June I had pulled over into the back parking lot behind the 4L Plaza (261 N. Broad St.) to streach my legs. I spent a minute or so walking around behind the car and was headed back towards the front of the car when I looked up to stare at a radio tower located 35-40 ft. in front of. As I was looking at the top of the tower I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye. I then saw what I thought was a plane at first off to east moving west on a straight path. It quickly realized it was in the shape of a V, so I thought maybe a stealth bomber. But then I could see it wasn't a plane but was actually 6-10 objects flying in a V formation. I then thought to myself it must be a flock of geese? But as it got closer I could see no flapping wings and there formation was way too precise to be geese. As the got a little closer I could see they where all perfect spheres. They looked to silvery metallic at first like huge steel ball bearings. But then turned transparent right bout the time they got directly above my location. I could bearly see them, just like thier spherical outline and some of the link ghts from the city below would reflect off of them as they passed. I then thought to myself that this must be some top secret new aircraft. Maybe like a new type of drone? Then just before they disappeared behind the cloud off to the west several of the objects quickly switched places back and forth in the formation. There movement was so quick and so precise when they did so that chills ran down my spine, because I just knew that nothing man made could manuvore like that. I was left frozen in place and shaking my head in disbelief. I could not fathum what I just saw. I don't think I was the only one to see it. Because 20 minutes later after I droped off another fair I noticed a group of 6-7 people standing in the save-a-lot parking lot staring and point in the direction of where I saw the objects. One of they was even holding thire phone up in the air like they where using to capture a video or take pictures maybe?
