{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-02 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54822","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3868,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5504079.json","updb_database_id":5504079}
{rjl} Unusual insect behavior led us to photograph a beam

These photographs were taken on Sept. 2nd, 2012 near dusk in the same area after Bigfoot researcher Eugene and his son recorded a very long Bigfoot call at 8:30 P.M. on Sept 1st. On our way home my husband and I were traveling on a road that was at least seven miles long. We looked up and saw black streaks in the sky. They were swarms. I didn1t hear a sound and I know that they weren1t bees or locusts; we thought they were mosquitoes.

The swarm only followed the road and the multitude of them ran longer than the length of the entire road (7 miles).  We knew that this was a highly unusual activity and decided to pull the truck over and park. The first photo shows an oncoming swarm. 
 
It is highly unusual for a swarm to form at this time of day. You can see in the first photo that there was one light in the sky or what appeared to be a light in the sky at the time of the photograph. The second photo shows three lights in the sky. I turned to the back of our parked truck to photograph what I couldn1t see but what my perceptions allowed me to feel. The IR on my camera is always on. I clicked the 3rd image. These photos were taken on Sept. 2nd, 2012 the following evening in the same area after Bigfoot researcher Eugene and his son recorded a very long Bigfoot call on Sept. 1st. The first photo shows the oncoming swarm (in a time period when a swarm shouldn1t have been traveling) you will see one light in the sky in this shot. The second photo has three lights in the sky.
 
I turned to the back of the parked truck to photograph what I couldn1t see but could feel. The IR on my camera is always on. I clicked the 3rd image. I couldn1t see anything but found it compelling to take the photograph. I put it on my computer and saw orbs traveling in the beam that the IR on my camera captured. I also saw the swarm encircling the beam. 

I wanted to know more about insects and I found on the Internet that: Insects1 senses vary from mammals, and one of the most important traits they have is their ability to perceive heat. It appears that the beam was giving off heat. Insects, especially blood drinkers, like mosquitoes, use heat detection as a means of hunting prey, focusing in on big heat sources like big animals. Even though the beam couldn1t be seen with human eyes the insects detected that it was there. I have an excellent camera. The first two shots were fine but later on I found out the camera malfunctioned on the beam shot. I took test shots afterward and the camera functioned perfectly. The fact that the camera did this seems to support that something was there. I just wished I could have seen this beam with my naked eye. If I had I would have put my video on to see if the orbs in the beam were traveling up or down and I would have aimed my camera higher to try to detect where the beam was coming from.
