{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-15 19:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116299","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5287079.json","updb_database_id":5287079}
Black object appears stationary in sky, then moves to the right, remains stationary, and moves away from observer at fixed speeds

I was eating dinner with my family at home next to a window that has a view of the ocean to the East. It was about 7:11 PM and it had been quite cloudy for a couple of hours with dense and dark clouds moving in and out, but no rain and only occasional thunder. We had been watching the clouds for a while, but occasionally looked away to eat.

As I was eating, I looked out again and noticed a black speck in the sky out above the water, but it was far enough away that its actual size was likely very large. Because the entire object was solidly black, it was quite visible against the light grey clouds. We did not see where it came from initially, only after it had become visible under the cloud cover. It was too far away to make out details, so to us, it seemed to just be a black, nondescript object in the sky. 

At first, it appeared to stay in one spot, so I figured it was an airplane far enough away that its apparent motion was not noticeable. I considered that it might be a bird as well, but its distance from us made a bird of that size seem like an unlikely option. However, after about 20 seconds of staying in the same spot, it began to move to our right in a straight line at a fixed velocity for a few seconds before hovering again. After about 20 more seconds of hovering, it changed directions and began to move away from us before it disappeared into cloud cover, all the while moving at the same speed it had in its first movement. It was at this point that we realized its abrupt change in direction, movement, and halts could not belong to any plane or bird. Its apparent distance from us also meant that it was moving more quickly than either of those would be able to travel, especially with the way it stopped before changing direction.

We kept watching the sky and the clouds for a while after and did not see anything else unusual.
