{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-17 20:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5490079.json","updb_database_id":5490079}
{rjl} Object flew overhead at a slow and steady pace before ultimately disappearing. Later similar or the same object came back towards us and vanished. Strange air traffic followed both events.

I was outside by the pool with some with my girlfriend and a friend. I was checking out the stars and the aircraft in the area looking for potential UFOs (as I am interested in the subject but had never actually seen one) when I noticed that one of the things moving in the sky was not blinking like normal aircraft. A solid white light was traveling across the sky at a fairly slow and constant speed. I took out my phone and began recording the object until it ultimately vanished. Shortly after, a large, loud, low-flying jet (possibly military) flew overhead flying in roughly the same direction . I recorded this jet with my phone until it flew too far to see on my phone. We continued watching the sky and the fairly large amount of air traffic in the sky seem to clear out of the area. Over the course of about maybe fifteen or twenty minutes we watched the several aircraft in the area seem to be clearing out of the area. Heading off towards Lancaster or Harrisburg at fairly high rates of speed. After most of the aircraft had cleared out of the area two aircraft came into view from the direction where the object had disappeared flying parallel to each other very fast and at high altitude we assumed that they were military fighter jets. They stayed in formation for a while until one took the lead as they increased speed and both took off in the direction that the low flying jet had gone. These jets were flying too high to capture with my phone. A couple minutes passed when we saw what looked like the original object coming back from where it vanished and was heading in the direction that the jets were going. It still had the same slow steady pace as before only this time the solid unblinking light was slightly orange. Before I could get out my phone to record it again it suddenly vanished. Again, a large, loud, low-flying jet (possibly military) flew over us and I recorded it on my phone. After this there were almost no aircraft in the sky other than a small scattering of planes and possibly a helicopter. This is somewhat strange as there is usually a fair amount of air traffic going on in our area most of the time. I also believe it should be noted that the object we witnessed was not blinking a strobe like normal aircraft. It was a continuous light both times it was sighted. I can't say for sure what I saw, but I know that this is one of the strangest things I've ever seen and figured I might as well put it out there. 

File 1: UFO
File 2: Low Jet #1
File 3: Low Jet #2
