{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-04-15 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486079","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/079/mufon-5486079.json","updb_database_id":5486079}
{nd} I was sitting at a piano and through the window a black cloth flew across. I opened the door and 5 ft. from me was a rocket ship and a robot. in my right ear I was asked,

I was playing the piano on the bottom floor of the house next to an exit access. This black cloth was floating back and forth outside the window. It was night.I had no interest in checking it out. Our house was in the mountains 20 miles from the beach in Malibu on 68 acres of land. I got up with a blank thoughtless mind. I was drawn to open the door. The first thing that caught my attention was my chest on the left was sucking in and out and the noise was a shhh shhh with every pulse movement. Five feet before me was a very plain 14 foot rocket ship with thick vapor under and around it. I knew it was silently hoovering because there were stairs in the front part of the ship where as the back end of the rocket was close to the side of the house. It had a more squarish tinted window on the side front and I could see red, green and yellow lights below the dash. The rocket had no seams or door entry. Pryor to that night, for several months I would sit on a trampoline on a large third floor deck begging aliens to come visit me for hours. The first night I wasn't on the trampoline I was on the bottom floor playing the piano when the sighting happened. At the back of the vehicle was a large dark grey robot. It had a round helmet with a brown tinted shield across the front. It had solid long legs with small red lights intermittently flashing on and off. I was in disbelief and more lucid than freaked out. Then an invisible entity to the right of me asked clearly close to my right ear in a Robot accent, "Are you ready for this?" There was no way that robot could fit in the rocket, it was my size. Then I got panicked. I thought do they think I know what "this" means? I answered back in a robot accent, "NO I AM NOT!" There were people working upstairs in our recording studio. They were on a break and I excitedly told these twins and one of the twins husband, "Hurry! hurry! there's a spaceship outside!!!" All of us ran down the stairs. I opened the door and it was still there and my chest did the same thing and I pointed it out to the husband. The girls walked right up to it and both said, "We don't see anything." Who ever they are can change form, make themselves invisible and know where you are in your house. I don't go out after dark alone. My doctor had to prescribe Zanax for me to take when it starts getting dark. This event has been instrumental in me having dozens of hard core anxiety attacks after dark. I haven't had one in a while surprisingly. I suppose the ship and robot didn't fly away but vanished. I'm afraid they may have kept an eye on me in my home over the years. They did that night. Why me? The only person in all mankind they want me because something about me fits their criteria. I was 35 and now I'm 62 and for 27 years I wanted answers and find similar stories. I have no photographs but I have located the husband [Item Moved/CMS/nd] who saw and heard my chest action. I e-mailed him today and haven't gotten a response yet. They still live in California. The twins were just a witness to me swearing it was still there. Why could only I see it? I hope my information is helpful and something unknown.
