{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-22 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288885","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3102,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/885/mufon-5288885.json","updb_database_id":5288885}
Two separate instances within 15 or 20 minutes of eachother.

On March 22 at around 6:00 a.m. I had just returned to my driveway after a run. I had just turned off my vehicle and was gathering my things when I looked out my windshield, and just past a large pine tree in my yard, I noticed two lights that looked too near, and too close to be stars. 

At first they appeared stationary. I got out of my vehicle to get a better look at the lights. After looking at it for a bit I pulled out my phone to record. Once I started recording both lights began to move directly up at the same time. I watched them, and focused on the top one in particular.

After it ascended a ways it began to move in a southeasterly direction. Eventually it flew behind the large pine tree and I lost sight of it. 

Being quite perplexed I just stood outside and continued to stare at the sky. I should mention that it was perfectly clear out. No clouds, and a bright moon.

After staring at the sky for a while longer I noticed another light begin to move. I took my phone out to record, but by the time I got focused in, the object appeared to be stationary. I continued to record anyway, and before long another glowing object appeared from the right hand side of the camera screen. 

This object continued to the left, and went directly over the other light. After it moved to the left for a while it quickly ascended, and disappeared, and that was it I didn’t see anything else afterwards. 

Upon further examination of the videos, it appeared that (after zooming in on each light individually, and watching it frame by frame) the lights were making extreme maneuvers (while to the naked eye they appeared to be moving in linear directions). 

In the videos, after zooming in you can see the lights moving in all directions, and even appear to be rotating. I also observed green and red flashing. When you take it frame by frame you can even see streaks of light in L shapes from (seemingly) the extreme speed.
