{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529885","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/885/mufon-5529885.json","updb_database_id":5529885}
looking out through the window of a cafe I noticed a ball of fire orange/red descending from the sky and then another similar ball of fire descending from the sky causing the entire neighbourhood to glow red.

I remember that on that particular night the weather was very misty and light rain would fall. That night I had a wierd sensation that something was going to happen. 1 hour later I entered a cafe/bar and ordered a drink and sat with my best friend viewing Parc Avenue north. Then all of a sudden I noticed the first ball of fire descending from the sky over the town of mount royal. It was very obvious that the ball of fire suddenly lit up while it was descending below the misty clouds. Seconds later the second ball of fire descended in the same fashion as the first. These objects lit up only when they were descending close over the town.The entire town of mount royal was illuninated in orange/red light. Because it was greek orthodox eatser night I thought at first that it might be fireworks. Greek orthodox kids often light up fire crackers celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ but I personally have never seen them throw flares or fireworks but I guess I was trying to find an explanation to what I saw. However the theory of these balls of fire being fireworks was flawed because fireworks do not light up as they are descending from the sky and these balls of fire came downwards in a very shaky way resembling a falling leaf or as if gliding downwards. This event took place at least 3 miles or more away from me so after witnessing the balls of fire eescending I could no longer see their activity but only the glow over the town. I had no car to drive there to investigate so I left it to that. The next morning I read the local newspaper and there was a story about UFO's over the town of mount royal descrbed as red/orange fireballs hovering silently all over the town as witnesses described it. Only then I fully realized that what I witnessed was not fireworks but an actual UFO phenomena and that what witnesses describe about the characteristics of it are true and accurate. I have pondered since a little child to discover the meaning of these UFO's as we may call them but have only clouded theories and no solid answers. These balls of fire seemed intelligent but what on earth were they doing that night? What are they? Too many questions......
