{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-06 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508885","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/885/mufon-5508885.json","updb_database_id":5508885}
{cak} Objects darting quickly in sky then coming to complete stop, then darting in other directions, stopping, repeating.

I was on my uncles back porch smoking a cigarette, looking at the sky because it is pitch black on his property. I was looking for UFOs because in FL there is too much light pollution. I noticed several planes in the area because it is near Fort Knox. I kept noticing what appeared to be stars darting around the sky. I focused on a particularly bright one and it began to move. I couldnt tell exactly how far from Earth it was, whether it was in our atmosphere or just above it, but I could make out the object very clearly regardless. The object would come to a complete stop in the sky before darting either forwards, backwards, or sideways, and then returning to a complete stop. It seemed to be pulsating, with every color in the spectrum being emitted from the craft. I don't know exactly how large the craft was, but it appeared to be roughly the size of a small plane. After it would move, a faint trail could be seen behind it briefly before it dissipated. I have been waiting to see a UFO for about a decade now, and I was freaking out. I ran inside and told my mom, "Hurry, come outside right now, I have to show you something." I came back outside with her and the object was still near the same spot where I had seen it before. I told my Mom to look at the light and follow it closely. She observed the same thing that I did. She said it looked like, "minnows in a stream". I noticed several other objects in the surrounding sky imitating the same behavior. My mother also saw them. I am 27 years old with excellent eyesight, and she is 59 with pretty bad eyesight, and she could still clearly see this craft moving in the sky. It was most certainly NOT a plane or jet or helicopter or any craft known to the people of this world. After observing the craft for several minutes, we went inside. I came back outside about a half hour later, and the original craft I had been watching was gone, but I noticed several others. I was overwhelmed with excitement and did not sleep at all that night.
