{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-05-15 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514885","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/885/mufon-5514885.json","updb_database_id":5514885}
(GS) Three objects flew zig-zag patterns, up and down,then hovered just above ground displaying lights then flew to center of sky, flew within 4 seconds out of visible space. I am Air Force vet ..this were pushing 100+ Gs

I had just purchased new ski boat in 1988 and were at Barlett Lake camping, at around 2 or 3 am we were wakened by people screaming something about look, look in the sky. My wife and I woke up to check out the activity only to see everyone pointing into the sky and sure enough there were three objects zig-zaging in the sky..left to right up and down at right angles which blew me and my wife away. I have never seen anything like this in the Air Force, I worked on tactical fighters till 1985 and never seen or heard about any craft that could do these manuvers. After about 30 minutes or so they each dropped down just above the lake on the opposite side and hovered directly across from each other and did some kind of light show..each one was flashing like yellow/amber, redish, and greenish lights..in some kind of pattern. It was almost like they were watching all the people on the opposite side of lake from them..they stayed there for about 10 minutes or more..time seemed to go slow but hard to tell when so focused at what we seeing..at the time no one had camcorders or cell phones.not that popular at the time..then one by one they flew or zipped to center of the sky and just flew at some incredible speed..no human could handle those kind of Gs out of the air space that was visible to us, then the second zipped to the same location in the sky and flew off in the same direction at the same incredible speed, the third then followed suit. We were all left in dismay..I have never seen anything like this but I am a firm believer we are not the only life in this or some other solar system. There have been many more sightings over Barlett Lake in Arizona. 
 My big beef is with the government and their coverup, astronauts have seen UFO spacecraft since the Applo program along with many commercial pilots, many civilians yet the government is wasting billions of dollars sending small crafts, exploritory spacecraft to seach for life on other planets..what bothers me they are looking for things like water, methane, or other cell forms types of life when if they would just open there eyes and see what is really going on, life on this world would be much more understandable by the people, we are not stupid and are tired of government coverups..other countries admit to the UFO theory.
 All I can say is I am a believer and there are many more that feel like me..I am very proud that there are organizations like yours that is keeping this UFO theroy, sighting alive.
Good Job..
JIM
