{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-17 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501885","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57142","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/885/mufon-5501885.json","updb_database_id":5501885}
{dr}A bright white ping pong ball-ish objedt was orbited by a similar red ball, and other white ones.

I looked up to see a jet traveling from LAX in a NE direction. Dozens of planes take this route daily. I thought it was louder than normal planes, but when I focused on it, it was a pretty normal sighting. Probably a 737 or A-319 at about 12kft. 
As I looked away, I noticed a bright ball slightly behind the plane. I re-focused on the plane, then found the object. As I watched it, I noticed a brownish/red ball smaller, heading north of the bright one. I hustled through my house to the back deck and re-focused on the object. I had my wife look at it, and then she went in the house to retrieve the binoculars. 
With the glasses, I watched the object slowly drift to the west right above my head. I gave the binocs to my wife, and as she looked, the red ball came back into view. She handed them back, and I watched the red ball orbit slowly around the main white object. Not an exact circular path, but it came in closer proximity, then drifted away. 
By now, 10-15 min had passed, and I got tied of looking straight up. So I laid on my back on the deck and watched the objects laying down, looking straight up. Over the next 15 min or so, I watched the red ball come and go, as well as 3 more white balls come into view.
I estimate the objects to be at least 100Kft above ground level. I say this because I was an engineer on the REDBULL Stratos Jump. When Felix Baumgartner jumped from the capsule, the balloon was clearly visible from the ground. The diameter of his balloon was approx 100 feet in diameter at 130kft. The objects I viewed were smaller based on the same altitude. So I would estimate the objects were smaller than 50 ft. in diameter. And like the Stratos Jump, which took place just after dawn, the light of the sun illuminated the balloon as a bright silver-white. The sun did the same thing to the objects I observed, though it was late afternoon, with the setting sun reflecting brightly upon the objects.
I tried unsuccessfully to record the objects on my cell phone cam. Eventually, the objects drifted East into darker skies, and I was straining to stay focused. I gave up after about 40 min of observation.
