{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3126,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5504418.json","updb_database_id":5504418}
read ful description

during the splendor in the grass festival in 2013, i observed what apeared to be an orange light some 50 feet above the ground, i am a security officer and was in a field to the north of the event waiting for walk in persons to enter the venue without buying tickets. this object flew over the top of me without sound and appeared to be only 50 or so feet above me but was actually less it had orange lights under it, i shone my torch on it but it picked up no known reflection. an hour later i saw to the south west orange lights in what appeared to be flares. but one would come out of the other.etc. so i left my area of patrol and went to investigate.the area was some 400 metres from the stage areas that were blocked off to access except through selected doors. when i got there i noticed a light beyond the trees in a southerly direction, it went down slowly then back up, so i shone my torch onto it, it appeared to be over a mile away, however on closer inspection the next day during daylight it turned out to be less than half of that.i shone my torch onto it and flicked it on off. then turned it off. the object flicked on off. then i moved my torch in a cross like a plus sign and then a circle. i repeated this a few times and always switched my torch off.then the object did the same, it slowly came out above the trees. we played these games for about half an hour then in front of me on ground level, two flashes very bright, an orange white colour flashed. on closer inspection the next day this is where there were small trees and leading into swampy grounds. i dared not go in there that night. so i continued to play with the light in the sky i did so for at least another hr, however i did notice from that time on which was the last 2 nights of the event that there was always 4 objects over the stage areas, i knew this as it was cloudy and they were well inside the confines of the clouds. 2014 i worked again at the same area, this time the falls festival, again these objects were seen, further away from my area but again near the stage area, again orange lighting, and rising from the ground up, it was reported on our radios by other guards that they were chinese flares, however they would rise slowly then their lights would go off, but you could still see just the illumination of the crafts with the naked eye for a further amount of time as they rose higher then into the clouds. no noise heard.this went on every night for the duration of the festival. i have seen to date now 114 ufo's
