{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-16 20:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5503418.json","updb_database_id":5503418}
{cak} Witnessed a UFO flying all over North Las Vegas. Up, down and side to side.

At about 8:20 PM I went out onto my patio to have a cigarette. At about 8:22 PM I saw what I thought was a low flying airplane with very bright lights over North Las Vegas until it reversed directions instantly. I got up and went to a spot in my yard where I could see it better. It was moving all over the northwestern sky, up, down, side to side, blinking a greenish blue and red but mostly the greenish blue. The colors were very bright. I immediately reached into my pocket and grabbed my Galaxy S4 so that I could try and shoot a video of what I was seeing. 

It's only the second time I have filmed a video on this phone so it was a bit shaky at first. I was also very nervous as this is something you just don't see often. I have one video that is 27 seconds long and a second that is over 5 minutes long. This all appeared to occur over and near Nellis Air Force Base which is about 21 miles from my home but once I posted the video on YouTube this morning someone else commented that they observed the object as well and said it was much closer to my home than I originally thought. More like 12 or 13 miles. The location was the Centennial Hills area of Las Vegas.

My home is on the extreme west side of Las Vegas. Nellis is to the northeast from my home and that is the direction both videos were shot at but now I believe the object was closer to the Centennial Hills area. Part of the longer video is shaky but other parts clearly show this object moving at fast speeds and in a manner no other air worthy craft could possibly do. On several occasions it descended so low that it came close to landing, right in a populated area. My home sits on a lot that is higher than the surrounding lots so my eye level is about the same or higher than the roof tops on the nearby homes.
