{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-09-07 03:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4207,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5485418.json","updb_database_id":5485418}
{dr}Did not see a U FO

Hello please take me seriously as I wanted to write a book on this but would like for you to research my findings over a ten year period for me. I believe Aliens are living on Earth and came here perhaps hundreds of thousands of years ago. The reason I know is because of what happened to me during what I thought would my very successful life. I joined the Air Force at 20 and decided to seperate four years later for school. I started suffering from depression and later started hearing voices which I thought was due to stress I experienced. One night while sleeping at my Mothers house in Missouri City Tx I happened to open my eyes and saw appx 5 Aliens on the side of my Bed I felt like I couldn't move the Aliens said my name and asked me if I believed in God. I said Yes went back to sleep and was sure the next morning It was a dream but had an uncomfortable feeling. About 8 yrs later at 30 yrs old I was in a relationship and was calling on God to answer me because of all the problems I was having and that's when the voices became conversational and constant. There was a male and female voice I started then feeling things like implants all over my body, the top of my head, side of my head, my heart, arms, legs. They were able to control feelings simulate feelings and emotions in my heart, my body and dictate the place thoughts in my head like they were controlling me I thought they implanted my body when they were in my room but soon discovered another theory on what my have went on on their planet. I have lived in fear for several years because of what I believe to be Aliens. My opinion on the species is that they are extremely evil, only here to torture us and we should guard, protect and change our living habits in order to be safe from Aliens.
My theory of the Aliens I was able to ID a burnt dead body found in Mexico City on You Tube which further reassured me that the Aliens I saw in my room was in fact real is that many fled their planets for Earth because of a computer generated invention that goes on your brain give you that's feelings and emotions making you into somewhat of a robot at this time they had no helmets so as a result they became invisible.They needed to eat and was able to jump in our  bodies and remain there until we die for food. THE KEY : Aliens are complete Liars where Human Beings are generally not so the reason they are able to feed in our bodies is because of the only Lie we have on Earth. ROYALTY 1. We must acknowledge the Kings Queen etc is indeed th Kings and Queen according to the people who put there. They do not work, they live in castles and people cater to them 2. We must also know in our hearts that this is a lie and no one is better than the other, everyone should have a legitimate profession and Royalty are basically homeless people then I believe the invisible alien who have come without helmets will have to leave your body
The aliens I saw had helmets they were visible when standing still, I recent saw the shadow of a helmet and felt and alien entity that moved at lighting speed which made it invisible because of haw fast it was I believe this speed makes the Aliens who are able to return to their own planet fly through our glass doors and windows with no problem I believe these Alien who wear the helmets and can be seen can fly through tiny openings also. We must build our houses to keep them out. Also I do no believe anymore that I had an implant but the invisible one living in my body who cannot return home do have implants taking over my life and living vicariously through me. Please help th World
