{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-01 14:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66096","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3791,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5493418.json","updb_database_id":5493418}
{jpg} Massive UFO traveling across a partly cloudy sky, flies into a dark cloud and disappears.

Coming out of my sub on my way to a Drs appt. making right onto Hardy Oak I. The Stone Oak area in San Antonio, going East.

I looked up for no reason and there was a large ship traveling east to west across the sky.

We've been under floods for a month here in Texas, it's been a disaster and we hadn't had a semi clear day in a month. There were large billowy clouds but mostly clear in some parts.

This wasn't a plane, a drone, this was a ufo, undeniably in the day. I never thought it was a plane. This wasn't some night blurb, I could see it clearly, I was surprised no one else could. I have a good camera on my phone but was too impressed, too unsure still at first, to in awe. I pulled over to watch it from my vehicle and it was gliding, silver, not a disc, like a sleek, sleek Zeppelin shape, not the width, just the length shape, very long, very very bright in the Texas sun. 

I saw it glide across but made movements from up to down in some parts like it was unsteady, but it wasn't it was just able to do it without distress. No one saw. I saw, no one saw, it was so large, so impressive. I watched it and it went into a black cloud and NEVER came out. It never came out the other side of it. It went into a dark cloud and never came out. It made me nervous, it confirmed it for me, any doubt I had left. I had no one to tell, it made driving in traffic to hold an appointment so stupid. Nothing else I did that day or now, really means anything. 

My family kept asking for a video and bummed I didn't have one, but what would it have solved? Nothing. It means nothing. All it would do is confirm fear. I'm glad I didn't record it, no one disbelieved me, I called the police, I asked if this was reported, he said no. I couldn't believe it, it was so huge, so plain in the day. 

In South Texas were used to drug helicopters looking for dope crops and ranches manufacturing drugs but in the days before this happened, I noticed black helicopters, flying lower than the DEA ones. I didn't think anything about it until now, until you asked in the questionaire about the type of helicopter.

That night I went outside to let my dog out and the sky was clear and the moon was bright and full and I normally lookup while she's in the yard and I go over my day, I thank the Lord above for my health and ect. but that night, the sky became a menace, an echo and I knew I would see it again. That's what I was left with. An extreme feeling of a soon return. Like they know I saw. And that's ridiculous to my logic but I feel strongly about it. 

I saw a massive football field sized UFO in 1995 in Southeastern Michigan after college once but that is it, never anything else and I've traveled long lonely distances at night, never saw anything. Except that time and this one and both affected me the same way. I feel like I need to gather all the deer I can to keep them from hunters. I feel responsible to hide animals away from harm. I don't know what that means and why such a large gap between sightings and why I care. I should be relieved. I don't know what any of this means.
