{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5284418.json","updb_database_id":5284418}
Huge Red Circle that faded and showed a detailed object

I am reporting this sighting about a year after it occurred, because I was encouraged to do so by an investigator with MUFON. I did not know that people could report after such a long period of time, and at the time of the sighting, didn't really know that I could report something like this and didn't know where to start.

If I am recalling correctly, sometime between the first of June and end of August of 2020 is when my sighting occurred. The month could be off, but I'm certain it was 2020 and after May. It was a warmer evening at my home just northwest of Denver, which I had been waiting for for several months as I had been wanting to bring my telescope outside to look at the planets. Having to set everything up and align everything would have kept me from going outside if it was too cold, which makes me strongly believe the June - August time frame. I don't recall the exact time as I wasn't in a rush or keeping track for any purpose, but can with confidence say the sighting occurred after 8:00pm as the days started getting longer and night coming in later in the evening (There was no twilight or any sign of light from the sun while I was out with my telescope). I was simply waiting for it to get dark enough so that I could visibly see objects in the sky so I could align my telescope and start viewing. My goal was to look at planets, which I believe I looked at Jupiter and Saturn. 

Once I had completed the alignment (telescope view was facing in the general direction of south/south-east/south-west) and located the first of the planets, I had my husband come out so that he could see them too. Being that the planet moves out of view so quickly, I remained at the eyepiece until the last second so that my husband could get a good view before it moved out of sight. As I stood up to let him in, I turned around and faced north, and as I did, I just happened to have looked up past our neighbor's home and saw a very large, red circle filling the gap between the trees across the street, possibly just over the elementary school or adjacent road (I don't know if it was spherical as I only saw it from one angle that never changed in altitude or direction). The object never moved while I had eyes on it. It was completely silent. I don't even recall hearing crickets or bugs that evening as it was a very still night with a clear sky that allowed me to use my telescope in any direction. I do not know if this object was brightly glowing, pulsating, spinning, etc, because by the time I had noticed it, it had started to 'turn off.' The process was not immediate like you'd expect a switch to be flipped on to off. It had slowly faded out until it was completely gone from my view and there was nothing but black sky through the trees. I have a flush LED light on my office ceiling, and when I turn it off, it slowly fades and the outline of the circle is still remnant for a bit...that is exactly how this object faded out). As it faded out, I noticed a VERY distinct outline of the object. There was an inner ring that circled just below the rim (basically made it look like the circle had a rim) and in the very center was a dark circle-like indention/dome?/cap?...I couldn't tell if it was coming out of the object or was going in or was just colored on that way). I didn't notice anything else. It was very simple but VERY distinct. I would say that from the moment I saw it up until it was completely gone could have been anywhere between 2 - 5 seconds. Once I realized that I was seeing something odd, I told my husband that something was there. By the time he stood up and turned around, it was already gone. I don't believe he had seen it. I honestly had no idea what I had seen as I had never seen anything like it, and I would have never expected to see something that large, that close, and that low to the ground if it was an aircraft. I ran through everything in my head for MONTHS trying to reason out what it could have been (Chinese lantern, drone, lighted balloon, etc) but never came across anything that fit the description/traits. I also never found anything online. I thought I had gone crazy and was just seeing things, but it wasn't until 2021 that I came across a video on Instagram of the same exact object that I had seen, however this one was captured on film around the same time but on the other side of the world in London. I have also been able to find pictures of this same object (but in different colors) on the MUFON gallery and from a woman named [ Item moved to F I Report {tjd}]

There is a regional airport north of us that I notice aircraft flying to and from on a daily basis. I didn't notice any aircraft flying at the time of the sighting, but there have been aircraft that are viewable in that same line of sight as the object but are found much further in the distance and all are very easily identifiable with their strobes and other lights on (and can be heard). Also, to have an aircract, outside of a helicopter, be that low and hovering, would almost certainly mean that that aircraft would be hitting trees and powerlines. This object I saw had no strobes or any other lights with exception of the light that was itself (the entire object was self-illuminated and was completely contained within itself... there was no light aura that you would normally see from a light bulb or a street lamp. I did not see the light shine on anything around it. It was as if the light was contained within itself and only in itself). I am certain it was not a drone as I do not know of any other drones outside of military usage that could possibly be that large.

I would be more than happy to send a picture of the exact spot I was standing (didn't want to include on report to expose my address) or attempt a drawing to the best of my ability to show the scale of the object. Thank you!!
