{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-24 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5457418.json","updb_database_id":5457418}
{rjl} White lights in the clear sky. They moved in various directions, unlike an airplane could maneuver.

I was driving in my car eastbound on M-25. The night was clear. No wind. No other cars on the road, as this is a tourist area, and most of the summer residents have gone south. I was driving from Caseville to Port Austin along the lakeshore. I happened to notice a white light in the sky in front of me. It moved in different directions. Then I saw more lights going in various directions. One of the lights seemed to be larger, with sort of a haze around it, like when the moon has a ring around it. It was more stationary than the others. There were about seven to ten. Couldn't count, as I was still driving. They were in front of me in the sky above the trees, but appeared to be quite a distance away, possibly two or three miles. I called my husband on my cell phone to tell him. He and I witnessed similar lights from our home on July 4, 2019 after midnight. These were from 9:15 p.m. till 9:30 p.m. I entered an area where the trees cover much of the road, so I don't know if the lights disappeared, or if the trees blocked them. My husband told me to stop at a house to tell someone, as it would have been good to have another witness. But there didn't seem to be anyone in their cottages, and I was towing a flat bed trailer, which would make it difficult to pull into someone's driveway that I was unfamiliar with, as it gets really dark up here. My husband was at a relative's house in another city over 90 miles away, so he wouldn't have been able to see it. I told him I would stop at a friend's motel closer to Port Austin, as they wouldn't be alarmed by a "stranger" showing up at their door at night. They know me. However, by the time I passed their motel, the lights were gone from my view. I continued to my residence, which is about ten miles from there. I did not see anything else this evening. I will go outside after I finish writing this and look at the sky again, but there are a lot of stars out tonight, and I don't really want to see anything else. It was disturbing last July, and I am trying not to get too shaky about this sighting.
