{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-18 23:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5460418.json","updb_database_id":5460418}
{jpg} Diamond shaped flat (matt) black in appearance appeared in the western sky traveling east with four lights on the hull of the craft.

Around 11:20 PM in August of 2018 I went outside to my back yard to have a Cigarette when I noticed a craft in the western sky traveling slowly to the east. I live in Port Vue, Pa, and the Allegheny Regional Airport is close by in West Mifflin Pa. I didn't give it a second thought, figuring it was just an airplane. Then the craft would hover for a short time in the eastern part of the sky and proceeded to fly to the north and then to the south and back to the west then east again. Each time it would hover a short time at each location before proceeding to move to different parts of the sky. Confused and wondering what I was seeing I ran back in to the house to get my binoculars. At first all I notice was the four lights on the underneath of the craft. The lights appeared to be red, orange, greenish and white. The lights did not flash nor did they appear to rotate. When the craft hovered in the eastern part of the sky from where I was standing, the dim moonlight reflected slightly off the craft. I managed to notice the diamond shape of the craft when it slightly tilted before slowing going north and back to the southern part of the sky. The craft remained in my visual at all times in it's flight path As the craft hovered I was focused on it with my binoculars and suddenly it vanished from my sight only to appear in a complete different location in the sky. When I noticed that the craft would vanish (not move) to a different location, I ran in to the house to get my wife. My wife is a skeptic in these matters. She (Terri) watched it move around the sky. She watched it for around 10 minutes with me and said she was getting nervous and scared as to what she was witnessing and went back in the house. I continued to watch the craft move around the sky and then it hovered in the center of my viewing angle, almost right above me. I then noticed a small passenger jet (Lear Jet) flying towards the airport directly in the path of the unknown craft. When the jet was in close proximity of the craft the jet banked a hard left and proceeded to fly around the unknown craft to the airport. The craft was stationary for around 3-4 minutes at that location and then just vanished in thin air. The craft made absolutely no noise whats so ever at any time. I was out all day and my cell was on the charger as the phone I had at the time, an LG G4 wasn't holding a charge very good to be able to record the event. Needless to say I could not sleep that night very good. This is the first time in my 61 years on this earth that I witnessed a sighting of what appeared to be an unknown craft. I didn't discuss this event with many people due to they might think I'm nuts or something. The total time of witnessing this event was around 40-45 minutes. On that night of the sighting there were small patchy (white) clouds and the craft remained well below the clouds. Not sure of the elevation in questionnaire.
