{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-27 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287418","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115958","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/418/mufon-5287418.json","updb_database_id":5287418}
Unknown objects observed all night long making extraordinary movements and occasionally changing colors

Around 11 PM on May 27th 2021 a group of friends and I were on a house boat in Lake Shasta CA admiring the stars, when one friend noticed a "star" that was previously stationary begin to move incredibly fast across the sky. Then this object stopped on a dime, moved down, up, sideways, up, sideways, down in the span of a second or two and then shot up and vanished. We were all in awe by what we just saw, when we started to notice other strange things happening above us. In front of us on the horizon there were 3 stars in a triangle formation spaced pretty far apart and one seemed to be moving around. The bottom right "star" was bouncing around left to right and up and down, this "star" at times would be close to the horizon of a mountain range then gain elevation repetitively so it was clear we weren't just seeing things. It then dipped below the mountain leaving the other two where they were. For 6 hours we watched countless "shooting stars" (I say shooting stars but they did not have trails like a shooting star) move all over the sky, stop, make S turns and change direction dramatically and sometimes disappear like the first one we saw. There were mainly times where two or more of these objects would move across the sky extremely fast in unison and stop to continue with their jittery movements. There were points where two of these objects would be moving extremely fast towards each other, and just as it looked like they were going to collide, they would seemingly dance around each other and shoot off in different directions. There was a point when a plane was moving across the sky (you could clearly see it was a plane with the trail it was leaving behind), and suddenly a star that was in a formation I had been observing began to trail this plane, moving at a dramatic speed to catch up to it, then slow down as it got near. It followed for 10 seconds or so and disappeared. The night kept getting more and more unsettling. At one point right in the same spot we watched this star disappear behind the mountain, this object rose from above the mountain changing colors from red to green, like this thing was spinning. Our immediate thought was this has to be a drone but I am unsure that is what it was. This thing cruised all the way around the mountain horizon, at times making jerky fast motions and eventually went behind the mountains not be be seen again. A couple more weird things happened that night that could be explained but it was part of this experience so I will share. At one point, for a brief second there was a extremely bright florescent neon green light that flashed over the mountain ranges beside us. And over the course of a couple hours my friend that stayed with me and I heard and felt this extremely peculiar vibration that would fade in and fade out. It sounded like a vibrational song, beautiful and eerie. Again this could have a simple explanation, but it was unlike any noise I have ever heard and I could feel it vibrating my body.
