{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-12 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5504248.json","updb_database_id":5504248}
{cak} Multiple bright orange orbs seen flying above Charlotte in straight line, equally spread apart, stopping and hovering.

On the night of March 12 2014 I was winding down for bed, looking outside my 2nd story window into the back yard and sky. I generally spend about an hour or less doing this every night. This night in particular I was focused mainly on the yard because I've had the same rabbit come out every night between 9-10pm to munch on some of the flowers in the yard and it relaxes me to observe him. It also relaxes me to gaze at the night sky, so after watching him for a little bit I redirected my focus to the sky. Like every night I saw an abundance of planes flying that night, but while I was watching these two large orbs, equally spread apart, flying from the far right of my line of site toward the left, immediately caught my attention. I've looked out this same window and watched planes flying over Charlotte for the past 20 years and could not distinguish these orbs from the aircraft I've watched my entire life. The first thing I noticed was their size and color. They shined like, and were as big as, the north star but were a burnt orange/yellow color. No white light, or blinking lights, like that of the aircraft I am used to seeing. So, still skeptical I was witnessing anything out of the ordinary, I continued to watch until another orb came into view, exactly the same distance from the second orb as the second was from the first. All three were moving in a perfectly straight line, equally distanced apart, at an extremely low rate of speed. As I continued to watch another orb came into view, also distanced apart equally following the same line, then another and then another until about 7 were in a straight line moving across the sky from right to left very slowly. While I was perplexed by what I was seeing, I still hadn't completely convinced this was anything other than distant airplanes or something that could be conventionally explained. That is, until the orbs stopped, or hovered, for a good 5 minutes or so, fixed completely still and then proceding again in unison. I literally said out loud to myself "Oh my gah..." and watched as they flew out my line of site. Now, while I thought I had MAYBE seen something, I am pretty skeptical and thought to myself "that was pretty cool, but there's probably nothing to it", but brought it up in conversation with my mom the following day (today) and thought about typing it into the computer to see if anyone else had seen the same thing. I simply typed "lights seen over charlotte" into google search and the very first article that pops up is "Series of orange lights spotted over Charlotte, NC" on Examiner.com and as I started to read the article I practically got de ja vu because the article described almost word for word what I had just previously described to my mother I had seen the night before. My skepticism at this time was definitely starting to fade. Also in this article the only possible explanation for these (in my opinion same) orbs was Chinese lanterns, but on the night of March 12 2014 when I'd seen them it was a ridiculously windy night, with gusts strong enough to topple the propane grill in the back. There was absolutely no way Chinese lanterns could have stayed on such a deliberately straight path on this night. The article I read had a link directly to MUFON.com, and I wasted no time getting on here to share my experience so I am going to continue to research if there were anymore reported instances pertaining to last night.
Note: I did try and catch these on video with my digital camera but I'm definitely no photographer and the digital camera was very adequate at filming what I was seeing at night. None the less I am submitting them. Maybe someone with videography skills or such can enhance it or something.
