{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5491248.json","updb_database_id":5491248}
{rjl} Several Extremely Fast moving jet like red lights across the Gulf of Mexico.

This happened in May of 2014. My wife and I travel from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico every year and stay for a month. We have been staying at the same address and same condo for the past five years. We often see Coast Guard and military helicopters fly along the coastline during the day and sometimes hear them after sunset. We often sit on the deck which faces west and watch the sunset. We also see many aircraft flying into Tampa Bay airport. This year, 2015, we witnessed some spectacular lightening storms over the Gulf. On the horizon we also see three or four oil rigs but usually only when the tide is low. We cannot actually see the rigs but rather the lights coming off of them. Where we live in Kamloops, Canada we are surrounded by mountains and we have often seen falling stars or meteors flash through the sky. In ten years living here I have personally seen over one hundred. I am only sharing my information with you because of a recent television show called Hanger 1 and am wondering if anyone else may have come forward with similar information. I am not one who truly believes in ufo's but I am open to the possibility. My wife and I feel that we saw something completely unexplainable last year in May. We were sitting on our deck, fifth floor, talking and listening to the sound of the waves (we do not drink or do drugs) when we noticed a very fast moving reddish light streak across the sky. It had a meteor like similarity, which is what we thought at first until we noticed a second one. Slower moving than a meteor but extremely fast. I have seen a few military jets but this was twenty or more times as fast. We were still looking west as it completely disappeared when another one went past, almost in the same orbit and flight path. It was to the south and appeared to be moving east to west before disappearing. There were three or four more spaced about 10-15 seconds apart, same orbit, speed and path, then disappeared. After the fourth one I ran across our condo unit while my wife stayed on the deck and I opened our front door which faces east and stood on an outside landing looking at the eastern sky. Two more objects streaked past. They were also noticed by my wife from the other side. Then we saw nothing more but waited. They looked like they were streaking past over the oil rigs but judging the distance is extremely difficult. The sky was cloudless, the sun had already set and it was around 10-11pm. There was no sound or any trailing. Even a meteor has a bit of a trailing streak but is usually white in color. The objects were very consistent in appearance and color. We were both very excited to witness this but even more when I went to watch the eastern sky. They just appeared the same way they disappeared. We talked about this for days and I documented the sighting on some website although I cannot remember what the website was. What motivated me to share this is the show Hanger 1. I believe that if more honest people shared there sightings we would be able to know more regarding the unknowns of this world. I am more convinced because of your show and the fact that many people like police officers and military personnel come forward witnessing these events from different places and areas. Thanks.
