{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-12-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115121","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5288248.json","updb_database_id":5288248}
Various colored lights in the sky in pattern, red translucent flash

My family had been attending a Yakama nation tribal council meeting in Toppenish, WA. After the meeting ended, we decided to head to Sea Galley in Yakima WA for dinner. After Dinner concluded, we left and traveled south on highway 97 towards our home. 

My girlfriend at the time noticed a very bright light west from our location above an area called medicine valley near the town of White Swan, WA. I initially dismissed the light as a plane, since the Yakima airport was just north of the area past Ahtahnum ridge. 

Once we arrived home, I looked in the direction of the light, and I noticed the light was now three lights, stationary, in a vertical line pattern. I continued to observe for several minutes, and they changed colors from yellow, to blue, then orange and would disappear and reappear.

I told my girlfriend I was going to leave and drive west and continue to observe the lights while driving towards them.

The farmland travelling west is much darker, so I was able to see the lights better. I parked at the end of a driveway near brownstown and progressive rd after the lights became erratic.

They started to pulse, flash, disappear and reappear while changing colors. 

All at once, the lights completely disappeared. After roughly a few minutes, one light reappeared, a red light, and it was magnitudes brighter than any of the other previous lights. 

Within the red light, a black hole appeared, and then the hole slowly took the shape of a 4 pointed throwing star. The black throwing star shape within the red light began to spin in a clockwise manner, and the points of the star seemed to bend with the spinning direction. Suddenly, the black hole seemed to expand over the red light, then there was a huge bright, red translucent flash that covered a large area of the sky and it disappeared.

That was the end of the incident.
