{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-26 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103295","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5458248.json","updb_database_id":5458248}
{jpg} Saw 5 very bright lights above us in our campsite. Lights were just hovering way above the treetops. Then it moved eastward.

Family campout during Memorial Day weekend at Riley Creek campground which is an Army Corps of Engineers recreation area along the Pend Oreille River. There were about 12 of us occupying 3 different camp sites. There are 68 campsites in the campground and it was completely full. Occurred late in the evening after most campers were in their tents or trailers for the night. The campsites are all situated under a mix of fir and deciduous trees. Four of us were waiting for the campfire to die down and were just sitting in lawn chairs talking. It was myself, my 41 year old daughter, 46 year old daughter in law and 20 year old granddaughter. We noticed that right above us was something in the sky with 5 very bright lights spaced evenly apart and in a straight line. Without knowing the height of it, if I had to guess how long it was, it looked like it was maybe 100-200 feet across. It appeared to be hovering quite aways above the treetops. It was completely stationary directly above us. The lights were not blinking and they were all white. We all were looking up at it and wondering what it could be when it suddenly started moving towards the east in a straight path. It didn't go fast, just moved on like it was finished observing. We saw only the lights, didn't see any physical shape or hear any sound. We all got up and ran about 30 feet to the paved road and watched it go out of sight. A man in a nearby campsite heard the commotion and asked us what we were looking at. He said he didn't see or hear anything, that he'd been sitting under his trailer awning. We all had cell phones but nobody even thought to try and get a photo until after it had moved on.
