{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-11 06:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5489248.json","updb_database_id":5489248}
Stationary Light in the sky that appeared too close to be a star.

On the morning of 9-11-2015 I woke up early and was unable to go back to sleep. So I got up and go on my computer and was check my email and other normal things I do. When I remembered I need gas in the gas can for my lawn mower and decide since it was a nice cool morning I would walk down to the gas station that's about a 10 minute walk from my house. This was about 5:45 AM when I left my house. So as I was walking I looked up at the sky to check out the stars, I looked to the south east and noticed a few stars but not a lot. Then I noticed a real bright light to the east and just thought it must be an airplane which I see quite often because I live about 4 mile north of BWI airport. So kept walking to the gas station and bought gas for my gas can. And started my journey home when I noticed that what I had seen earlier and thought was a plane was still in the same spot and had not moved an inch. So I stopped and pulled out my cell and zoomed in on it an snapped a picture. That was at 6:13am, But when I looked at the photo I just took I still couldn't tell what it is. So I figured I would hurry home and get my regular camera and see if I could get a better shot. But after I got my camera and went back outside I was unable to find it again. I would also like to add that when I was walking back home the sun was starting to rise and almost all of the star had faded out of sight but this object was still in the same place and just as bright as it was when I first saw it. And with my bare eyes the shape appeared star like, It reminded me of an angel with his wing out. But the photo I took it looks cylindrical. The light was a bright white, and I real thought it was an airplane that was coming at me, but I have never seen one in the same spot for this long.
