{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-19 03:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5469248.json","updb_database_id":5469248}
{td} first light behind me then another in front of me So Bright I could not look at it then very cold

Driving home from Boise to Nampa. Turned off Ustick on to Star road with no traffic coming. Then all of the sudden a VERY bright light (so bright that it blinded me to look at) that I thought was a big rig with lights on bright. It was coming fast so I pulled on to the shoulder as far as I could. It seemed to stay right behind me..I noticed a strange light all over that seemed to penetrate everything. I could see dust lit in the air in my car etc...with what I would now say was like a blue neon LED. Then another VERY bright light came at me from the front and I thought 2 18 wheelers were going to crush me. I began to get very scared my car had died and I was right next to a telephone pole which (began to sink from too much irrigation on the corn field to my right) That is what I thought. AS I now was about to get hit from the back and front I grabbed the steering wheel with my left arm and I could see every hair on my arm, the light was so strange I could see right thru my arm hair. Then it immediately stood straight up and I began to sweat as I thought I was going to die in the crash. Instantly my sweat froze on my arm. Period...that was it.
Until I awoke in Nampa about 9 miles away on my bed about 9am. I did not leave the house for 3 or 4 days and did a lot of investigation to find out why I was alive and why I did not get hit...whom was shining the lights and how I got home with NO! as in NONE! memory of ANY second from the sweat freezing to waking up. NONE of what happened to me, where my car was, or how I got home makes any sense!
The telephone pole was still there the next week...of course. 
I had medical issues afterwards. AND still have an unexplained bizarre arthritis. I will provide more details if anyone would like to hear them.
