{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-20 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5506248.json","updb_database_id":5506248}
{cak} Spotted a huge military Jet. Appeared to be crashing on us? Not a normal jet

I am a farmer and live on the same family farm all my life. It was me and my wife and two year old son at the time. My wife a school teacher had just cooked a great looking meal. This afternoon we were having dinner on the back patio and it was a quite normal country afternoon on the farm. Please allow me to add that me and my wife until that day had never seen anything out of this world or paranormal ever. My wife spotted a huge cargo jet airliner coming down fast it appeared t her to be crashing? She gos crazy trying to get our son away from the house! The jet appeared to us at that time to really be crash landing on us and our house? At first the jet was high and looked like a normal plane in trouble? When we first spotted the jet it was maybe 500 ft. off the ground? The strange thing was it seemed to come down fast then we looked up again and it appeared to just come to a dead stop in air? The other most crazy and amazing thing was we heard nothing no sound at all coming from the engines? NOW BECAUSE OF THE STRANGE NO SOUNDS? We froze and just watched this huge floating military cargo jet AIRPLANE with huge jet engines and wings just floating right for us. The jet got very very close then banked right and floated right passed us with still no sound coming from nothing? The jet was so silent you could hear the wind passing over her wings. At this time the jet was 50 ft. from the ground? And the distance from us to the jet "Line of sight" was maybe 100 yards or closer? The jet moved passed us very slow and very close. Guessing the speed was 5 mph. Still watching the jet but now from the tail end and we noticed the thing had to climb to get over the 100 acres of woods and trees just 700 yards behind our house. Folks let me say again this huge flying Military looking cargo jet was below tree top level and floating over our house in the middle of the country with no people no building no nothing just me and my wife and son? "AND NO SOUNDS" "PLEASE TELL ME HOW CAN A MILITARY C-17 CARGO JET FLOAT IN AIR?" "ALSO LET ME SAY WE THOUGHT IT WAS OVER? WE THOUGHT AT FIRST THIS THING WAS CRASHING ON US AND OUR LIVES WAS OVER INCLUDING MY SONS LIFE? WE WERE VERY VERY SCARED!" We did noticed the jet had no identifying numbers of any kind? I only seen a white star on the tail fin. The windows and cabin area was all blacked out. The body of the jet including the wings and engines and all the other parts was all dull black. I cannot be 100% for sure but the closest we can get is a Boeing C-17 Cargo jet airplane. It was like watching a floating city come over your house in daylight with NO SOUND? I have been secretly searching for 20 years but still have no answers.

[Name removed/cms/tg]
