{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3400,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5490248.json","updb_database_id":5490248}
{cak} Hovering Bright Light going in direction. The second followed the first my son was waving to the light and the second Orange light was hovering directly over us. I know because I found myself looking directly above myself. I asked My 8 yr old

I was taking my puppy outside to go to the bathroom. As soon as I opened the front door I immediately noticed a bright orange light moving upwards from behind a black silhouette of pine trees situated directly across the street from my house. I was amazed and thought "How cute someone has a drone, and watched the bright orange image hover down the street. It was moving slowly so I opened the front door to call my 8 year old son to hurry up and see this drone. When my son went outside the first bright orange image was hovering down the street at a slow pace. then my son said look mom there is another one. The second bright image was the same exact color. And then i thought wow they own two drones? I was suspicious then. 
My son Began to wave at the second orange light. Our Front Entrance-way has a solar operated light and while he was waving his arms trying to get attention from the orange bright light. The light slowed and then broke its path from the first Bright Orange Light. It started to hover towards us in a very slow fashion and it was getting smaller I watched the bright light it was now directly above us and I was very nervous now asking my son to please stop attracting attention to the bright light that was now hovering above us for about 10- 15 seconds. It then moved the opposite way it was flying south west more westerly. from the first bright orange light. and it was going higher because it was getting smaller. Then all of the sudden the bright light was no more like as if a light with shut off. all of the sudden at a much higher altitude we witnessed an airplane/ with it typical engine airplane sound with flickering lights flying northbound in the sky. I told my son to please go back into the house.
I was petrified. In shock. I asked my son if he saw the bright lights. He confirmed this. I called the Police Dispatcher to see if anyone had called in reporting the orange lights.I told her I moved here Last November And I also asked if she knew anything about drones being allowed to fly at certain altitudes. The dispatcher said no one called.
I told her this was very strange explained what my son and myself witnessed. She asked me what my address is. Then I immediately called my mothers house who lives in the next county.
My left hand is going numb as I type this letter. My right hand is fine however my left hand is all pins and needles trying to type this amazing/frightening/unbelievable experience. I found this website after goggling orange bright light sightings. Forgive my typos. [name removed/cak]
