{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-27 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498248","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60998","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/248/mufon-5498248.json","updb_database_id":5498248}
{dr}Numerous lights in the sky

I was leaving my parents house at 7:40 PM local time to head back home. As I was about to leave their driveway, a huge and very bright red ball in the sky caught my eye. It went off as soon as I saw it, then reappeared and stayed lit and motionless for about 5 secs before "turning off." A few seconds after that there were two white blinking lights in tandem to each other heading from East to West. There were some cloudiness tonight and the two lights seemed to go above the clouds. My dad saw the red ball too, we discussed for a moment and looked at those blinking lights as they headed above the clouds. Everything seemed calm. On my way back to town I notice the two lights again...they were heading East now. Right behind a brighter orange-reddish light took the center stage. My wife and I said "how weird"...and really didn't think anything about it. Part of the road we were driving on had trees that obscured our viewing angle for a short time. We made a turn and now had a field adjacent to us. We had full vision of the area again. Our hearts sank. We saw 6 of the very bright red balls lined up. Not perfectly straight..but kind of like an edge of a bowl. It spanned several miles across. They went out almost simultaneously then we could see everything else going in the sky. There were at least 15 different flashing lights in the sky now. It wasn't a constant flashing..but more like a fading in and out. A few did flash tho. You could follow a light and see it turning abruptly. It almost appeared too they were going in a big circle. During this time, numerous other red balls of lights were appearing randomly across the sky. I got on the phone with my parents now just north of my new viewing area and they were seeing the same thing. It was scary. We were literally parked in the middle of a dark road looking at all this. We knew we could sit here all night. I debated on calling the county dispatch..or even calling the news in San Angelo, Tx about it. I figured other people are undoubtedly seeing this and would call this in. To me, there was so much activity in the sky it almost looked like a mini war up there. We left when the activity still on going. As we pulled up to our house and got out of the car I could here jets going by. Definitely something strange was going on tonight.
