Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2010                        02-09-2024                        11-12-2024
                                     Report:                      Resolution:

   Location:            Ensenada         Region:      Los Lagos      Classification:      Explained


                 A report was made of what was considered an aerial anomaly, which he saw and filmed at "06:46"
Summary:
                 hours on August 15, 2024, from Ensenada, commune of Puerto Varas.
The reported information was described as a light, with color changes and a size associated with a range of 6 to 20 meters, visible for 31 to 60 seconds flying from the north to the northeast by a witness.

Finally, the reporter testified that he observed a light moving slowly towards the northwest. Used to seeing satellites, planes, and helicopters, it did not appear to be any of them due to its proximity and low altitude.
User: A bright object that flickered intensely while changing color. He/she added that its direction was towards the mountain range, like heading towards El Bolsón, Argentina.

Along with the report, the files "IMG_6991.png", "IMG_6994.png", and "IMG_7028.jpeg" were uploaded. Later, the original footage was obtained in the file "IMG_6837.mov", accompanied by the photograph "image00001.jpeg".
The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 41° 12’ 41’’ S, 72° 32’ 35’’ W and 57 m.s.n.m.

The forensic examination of the case video file information determined it was captured with the rear camera of an Apple cellular phone, model iPhone 12 Pro, at 18:46 (HL) on August 15, 2024. Additionally, the photograph was taken by the same equipment at 18:36 hours.

Investigation:
Figure 1 shows the object under study as it appears at the beginning of the video.

What is visible in the frames is an object displaying white light pulses, consistent with stroboscopic lighting, followed at intervals by red (Figure 2), green (Figure 3), or red followed by green (Figure 4) pulses. This was consistent with conventional air signaling.

Figure 1
Figure 2. Sequence of red pulses, frames 177 to 181.

Figure 3. Sequence of red pulses, frames 128 to 131.

Figure 4. Sequence of pulses, frames 166 to 169.

Figure 5 presents the visible horizon in the images. The Moon was 10.6 days old, located at an azimuth of 76.4° and an apparent altitude of 59°, in a Waxing Quarter phase. This allowed to define that the object was visible moving from northeast to east, which, given the situation...
The geographic location could be associated with an air transit towards Argentine territory, towards the south, or as part of an approach to the Marcel Marchant airport in Puerto Montt.

Figure 5

The analysis of air traffic towards that area around the time of the recording did not detect the presence of any larger aircraft (Figure 6), and the DGAC personnel at the Marcel Marchant B. / La Paloma (SCPF) airport in Puerto Montt stated that the last arrival was at 21:49 (UTC), practically an hour before.
from the images.

Figure 6

On the other hand, the president of the Aerial Club operating from SCPF, confirmed that they had no activity around the time of the recording, but added that there are local aviation flights in the area, not controlled and without an active transponder.

Figure 7

In the event of a ship operating from El Tepual (SCTE), the Air Traffic Services Office was consulted. According to what is stated in...
The radar screen of Puerto Montt only observed two flights, the LAN065 of LATAM Airlines coming from Santiago and approaching its destination at El Tepual airport, and a transit with code 5031. Figure 7 shows the radar air scene as the filming of the case started. The detected aircraft were too distant and in another location to be recorded. It was also ruled out that it was an institutional air operation.
Furthermore, Figure 8 contains the photograph that accompanied the report recording, and from which the user indicated it could be the same object reported.

Figure 8

With the location and date information of the photographic capture, the astronomical situation was established, identifying the bright object as the planet Venus, at an azimuth of 292,1° (Figure 9).

Figure 9
Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, photographic, astronomical, and air traffic analyses, it was concluded that the recorded footage showed the lighting of a signaling aircraft operating at a low altitude, which did not operate from the controlled air runways nearby the person who filmed it. Additionally, Venus planet was identified in a photograph attached to the report.
