{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-07-01 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5499258.json","updb_database_id":5499258}
{cak} Totally silent.Long duration. Metallic saucer shape object oscillated when hovering. Disappeared and returned multiple times. Witnessed windows and apparatus on bottom after door opened.

Thanks for the guideline to follow for reporting. This site is not nearly as intimidating as I feared.

1. I was in my grandfathers garden 1/2 mile from home in the middle of nowhere. It was my turn that night to sit in the garden until after dark to shoot at and scare away the predators that were eating the crop...mostly deer, rabbits and raccoon. 

2. I arrived to the garden by foot about 8:15 pm and took my post in the corn rows. I noticed some deer jumping the fence into the garden area right at dusk (approx 9:10 pm.). I waited a few minutes for the rest of the deer to enter the garden before lifting myself above the corn stalks to fire away. When I quietly raised up on my knee, I noticed the deer were gone and that the street lights had come on. Even though I did not know it at the time, this was my first sighting of the object. 

3. Being a city boy, my first thought of the light was that it was the street lights coming on since it was dusk. Since I was not alarmed, I looked back to the dirt and continued drawing naked stick figures and lust notes to my sweetheart back home. Suddenly it dawned on me that there are no street lights out here. As a matter of fact, there are no houses or people on the property where I "saw" the light because we have very few neighbors for miles. At this point, I focused my attention on the "street light" in the next pasture 300' away.

4. Numbers four and five of the guide may be repeated since the object appeared, disappeared and reappeared to interact with me on numerous occasions. 
 4.a). I observed the light 300' away due east and slightly above the tree line in the next pasture. I thought it was unusual because there was no homestead in that direction. I observed the light for at least five minutes or so as it moved from side to side (north to south) over the pasture. It never made a noise and did not light up the landscape. It was an orange yellow glow that did not emit light and it quietly, smoothly and slowly hovered above ground as it moved from side to side.
 4b. After a while, the light shot straight up into the sky without a noise and disappeared straight in the air. At this point, I was not scared and thinking like a normal fifteen year old boy. It was cool that I could tell my friends that I saw a UFO. At this point, that is all it was.
 4c. After several minutes thinking how cool the sighting was, I turned on the miner's light fashioned to my head to walk home. Suddenly the object reappeared and descended directly above me. I fell to the ground and cowered on my back with my 22 rifle pointed at the light as it continued its descent directly above me. Thinking the glowing light was seeing my miners light, I turned off my light and kept my 22 rifle pointed at the descending light. 
 4d. The glowing light continued its descent until it was only 25' above me. At this point, I distinctly saw a silver metallic disk hovering over me. After a short time (seconds or minutes I don't recall), a door in the center of the bottom of the disc slid open and an apparatus extruded itself from the saucer that to me looked like a suction cup on the end of it. The whole time this was going on, neither the ground around me nor was I lit up with light. In other words, the craft did not emit light and it was totally silent. 
 4e MOST IMPORTANTLY, when the disk was hovering above me with the apparatus protruding from the bottom,I was able to observe the motion of the disc. It was not spinning or warbling or bouncing. It was gently oscillating back and forth between 45 degree angles.
 4f. Thinking I was going to be sucked into the craft, I continued to keep my rifle pointed at the craft knowing I would never pull the trigger. To be honest, at this point I figured my grandparents would track me to here and never find me again. 
 4g. After an unknown time expired, the apparatus that looked like a suction cup to me was retracted into the bottom of the saucer shaped craft and the door on the bottom of the disc closed shut. Within five minutes of the door closing, the object shot straight up in the sky and disappeared over the west horizon at a very high rate of speed. Never once making a sound and never breaking the sound barrier, even though its rate of speed far exceeded the military jets that we commonly saw and heard break the sound barrier. 
 4h. Thankful the encounter was over, I lay trembling on the ground 1/2 mile from home in the middle of nowhere. I was small for my age and very slow to boot. I got up to lumber home and suddenly the object re appeared from the eastern horizon and silently shot directly overhead. It paused very briefly as I stared at the object with my miner's light on and then it dove directly towards me. 
 4i. I was mesmerized by the the object and dove head first into the pea patch while keeping my eye on the object. As it swooped directly at me at about a 45 degree angle, I saw the full shape of the disc and then it became a full fledged flying saucer. It got so close to me that I could see the full cross section of the saucer with what I perceived as windows and I closed my eyes and began to make deals with God.I did not open my eyes for many minutes (at least five minutes) and found myself alone in the wild when I found the courage to open my eyes. I was afraid to open my eyes for fear of what I might see in the windows.

5.The best way to describe my feelings is unadulterated fear because of the isolation in the country. Even though I did my best to remain alert the entire time and make meticulous mental notes once I realized this may be a once in a lifetime event, there is no way to share with the world what I know I saw.

6. I lost sight of the saucer when I closed my eyes and refused to open them.

My close encounter is the single most significant event in my life. After laying in the dirt for minutes once I opened my eyes again, I had to decide if I should try to run home or wait for my grandparents to come find me. Being the slowest kid on the team and in the school, I went against conventional wisdom and made the conscious decision that running home was in my best interest. The knowledge of the physics of speed imparted on me for survival have continued to carry me far in life.
