{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-31 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5286258.json","updb_database_id":5286258}
7/31/21 approximately 10:15 PM EST Saw bright light traveling west to stopped near star Vega, hovered and proceeded south over treeline.

7/31/21 approximately 10:15 PM EST. Atmospheric conditions: Clear moonless sky. Little or no wind, approximately 65°F, low humidity. Stepped outside on the back patio of my residence and observed a very bright object apparently high altitude traveling from west to east. At first, I believed it to be a satellite based on its speed however, it was too bright. Also, it was traveling faster than satellites I observed previously (have witnessed Starlink satellites in the past). I observed this for approximately 5 seconds and began capturing video with my phone. I captured approximately 1 minute and 20 seconds of video. I was able to keep the object in frame the whole time. I captured it as came in close proximity of star Vega (which can be seen entering frame top left) when it stopped, slowly "wobbled" a couple of times then stopped again. It held stationary for a few seconds then slowly proceeded (much slower than when initially viewed) south where it eventually disappeared in a tree line. I stopped the video and repositioned myself to see if it was still visible behind the trees but the object was gone. I remained outside for approximately 2 hours to see if it would return but I gave up and went to bed. There was no sound at all other than crickets which can be heard in the video. My thoughts are definitely not an aircraft of any kind as evidenced by no navigation or running lights and no sound. It is possibly a drone however, with the speed that I initially witnessed when it was traversing from west to east it would have to have been at an altitude where the tell-tale "whir" sound of a drone could be heard. Again, it was a very quiet evening, with no wind and low humidity. My hope is that there is a corroborating witness that can validate what I saw, unidentified or not. One additional note: The light in the video appears round however, when I viewed it with the naked idea it had a more rectangular (slightly elongated) shape. Not knowing what the altitude was I cannot describe the actual size however, it appeared the size of a medicine capsule held at arm's length.
