{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-10-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5287258.json","updb_database_id":5287258}
UFO Hovered above our car on a main street.

In 1982 I was eight years old. My mother, sister, grandmother, grandfather had gone out to eat at a local restaurant called "The Golden Bear." My mother was separated from my father at the time so we lived with my grandparents. We all left the restaurant after eating. My mother was driving a white honda civic. My sister was sitting in the front passenger seat while I sat in the back. My sister was looking out the window and asked my mother, "What is that?" MY mom looked around and asked her what she was talking about. My sister replied, "Not out there, up there," as she pointed up. My mother leaned forward and looked above our car through the top of the windshield. My mother said, with panic in her voice, "I don't know." She slammed on the brakes. The other drivers around us were honking and yelling, almost like they could not see the object hovering above our car. I looked out the back passenger side window and saw a large black round disc shaped object with a pulsatring blue light hovering above our car. There were strange symbols that were lit on the side of the object. Blue, red, green lights flashed in random spots on the object. It made no sound. My mother pulled her car over into a parking lot as the object stayed above our car. We were all terrified. The object slowly drifted to the west as we all sat in the car and watched it. My sister yelled out that it was getting away. She told my mother to follow the object. My mom pressed the gas and drove a few feet before she yelled out, "What am I thinking, I don't know what that thing is, I am not going to follow it. We watched the object continue to hover and head towards the west. It rose to tree height and then descended behind some trees across the street from the local high school, a couple of blocks away across several empty parking lots. We watched it behind the trees, as the object began to pulsate a bright blue light. It pulsated faster until it shot across the sky at what looked like a 45 degree angle in a northern direction.
We went home to my grandparents house. We pulled into the driveway. My mother was worried about sounding crazy so she told us not to tell anyone what we had seen. As soon as the car had stopped moving, I opened the door, ran into my grandparents house and told them all that we had seen a flying saucer. My grandparents chuckled and when my mom came inside, they asked her about it. She sheepishly replied that it was true. 

Several weeks later we were at Burger King in galesburg, Illinois and the object appeared again in the same parking lot. It was pulsating blue. It was flashing lights of green, red and blue. Weird symbols glowing on the side. There were several high school or college aged kids sitting in one of the booths. They kept commenting on what a crazy helicopter it was in the parking lot. The object pulsated bright blue and shot straight up into the sky.

My grandfather tried to tell us that it was an experimental military VTOL aircraft. I have never seen an aircraft like this before or after our experience. I have never seen a plane that was a round disk. This thing made no sound. No engine noise, no hum, nothing.

We have never seen the object again since then.
