{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66260","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5493258.json","updb_database_id":5493258}
{nd} Quick silver UFO by airplane

I spend allot of time in the evening releasing some stress by shooting target archery at my home. While outside shooting archery I have my binoculars with me all the time so I can see how my arrows are grouping on the target. To break the monotony of shooting arrow after arrow I will look at the Jets that fly over the house as I am practicing. With a little jet practice you can start to tell Southwest airplanes, and some other major carriers due to their common colors they run. As one (dull underbelly and did not recognize jets colors) flew directly over my house I looked up and was checking the vapor trail and I see what I thought was a star. The problem was it was about 5 o'clock in the afternoon and I do not recall ever seeing a star that early in the evening during this time of year. The object appeared to be silver pulsating. Not pulsating allot but like a star would. The plane appeared to pass the object and I observed the silver chrome looking object for about 10 to 15 seconds.I then remove the binoculars for my eyes looked up at the airplane and thought to myself it's awful early in the evening for start to be out I put my binoculars backed up and I could tell where I was looking because the plane was leaving a very long vapor trail. So I could trace back the flight of the airplane and I did not see anything in the tract of where I saw the unidentified object.I decided to scan the sky and horizon to see if there any stars in the sky I looked for 10 or 15 minutes and I saw nothing but blue skies and clouds. That day was somewhat cloudy but it was very open at the time of my observation. 

I do not go outside in the evening in search for funny things in the sky but this was abnormal. It wasn't a reflection it wasn't an obvious situation but it definitely was peculiar.
