{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-01 18:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5454258.json","updb_database_id":5454258}
{tjd} Witnessed large scaceship while at a park

Myself and 4 other persons were at Van Dyke Park in Sterling Heights Michigan. Approximately 1977 to 1979 at the latest. I was standing in the park with my best friend to this day. We heard a very faint hum and upon looking up, there was a very large very dark gray almost black circuliar craft slowly approaching us just above the trees of the park from the west. It came to hover directly over our us. Needless to say we were standing looking up with our jaws to the ground in aw. It remained there for approximately 2 minutes. Then rose slowy, then began to move back to the west. After rising, it sped up quickly then vanished from sight. We jumped into the car and tried to see if it would become visible again but did not. So we returned to the park and all discussed what we had seen. As I said, my best friend was with me and the others through the whole event. The next day, to my complete amazement, not one of them remembers the event. There were no reports on the news. Which is also incredable as Van Dyke and M59 are very busy roads. Two weeks later, my friend and I were driving east on M59 and approximately 4 miles away in the sky by Selfridge Air Base, we both saw it again. To this day my friend does not remember witnessing the park event. But does remember seeing it in the sky as we were driving.
I have never reported or talked about this as I knew no one would believe me as the people I was with could not confirm. Especially my best friend. I do not understand why I remember, but all with me do not. I realize that this was a long time ago. But it may help you in some way. I was history channel's UFO's:Top Secret Evidence Revealed, March 31, 2020 airing 10am to 12pm EST. Show talked about an incident occuring in 1977 new york, The object shown was very similar to the object I witnessed. With the exception of the lights around the perimeter. The object I saw was very smooth and had no visible openings. With much smaller lights circling in a center circle. I do not know how to answer your question on "Elevation - Degrees" And I am sorry I do not remember the exact date. But do know it was Summer of 1977 to 1979 at the latest.
