{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-11 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121204","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5069,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5282258.json","updb_database_id":5282258}
Series of moving, hovering and flashing lights observed

W1: We were walking outside in the dark with our dog. l was waiting in a well-lit area when a movement in the sky attracted my attention. l thought it looked like a "square-shaped" fast-moving light against the cloud cover. l looked up to see what a light that looked like a searchlight that was rapidly panning a wide area, in a nondescript pattern. It was just moving rapidly and would stop for a split second before changing direction. I called my son to come and see. This light was a shade between white and yellow and could be seen on the backdrop of the white clouds in the black sky. The light proceeded to stop moving and was stationery, in an area of the sky. From our point of view, it was just visible beyond the roof of a building. We walked around the building to an area that was not so well-lit. When we came around the building we could see that there were 3 more lights slightly smaller. The 1st light we saw was at the top and then in a zigzag pattern, there were 3 more lights of the same color. The lights were all evenly spaced in a perfect zigzag pattern. Each light did not form a perfectly round circle of illumination around it, it was as if the lights were shining from above the clouds and the circle of illumination was distorted by the clouds. We also didn't notice even one beam from the land surface that we were expecting to see if it was a flashlight shining from the ground upwards. This made us believe that the lights were shining from above the clouds. While we were watching the lights, the 1st light moved away at incredible speed, in the same direction that we saw it earlier. From where the 4 lights were positioned when they were together, the 1st light moved in a Northern direction away from the other three lights. The 1st light came back after some time, perhaps a minute or more. While looking up at the lights, to me it looked like they had changed color and were slightly green. The lights started flashing, in regular intervals, but not in unison. We looked at it for maybe another minute. l then looked around in the sky behind us, to see if there are any other lights in the sky. l heard my son shouting there it goes! He said that it had turned reddish-orangey and then all moved in unison in an Eastern direction very fast.

Now we were both looking around in the sky to see if we can see any more lights. For a couple of minutes, there was nothing.

When we looked back on the same spot where we saw the set of lights, there were again 4 lights there, in the exact same zigzag pattern. The lights were also white-yellowish. While watching the lights they started pulsating again, not in unison but each at its own interval again. Then suddenly the lights disappeared. We then looked around again to see if we can see more lights in the clouds. We looked around for some time, then we again noticed one single light more or less in the same spot in the sky where the other lights were before. This light was hanging stationary and not flashing for a while, probably a minute Same color as the other lights. l ran about 50 meters to the house to get my phone and back. l didn't think about stopping and looking up to see what it looks like. When l got back to our viewing location the light was still there. The time on my phone was 20.33 SAST. l aimed my phone at the location of the light, but l could not see the light through the camera on my phone. The light started pulsating again for a couple of seconds, in a slight red-pinkish color. It suddenly took off at high velocity going over our heads in a North-West direction from its original hovering spot to a location behind us, from there it went South, then quickly North-East and disappeared from our sight behind the roof of the building in the direction of the previous lights.

W2: All l saw was one light going very fast, it looked like it was above the clouds, and then it was going up and down from East to West. And then it stopped at a Southern direction. And met up with three other lights. Then the big one, which was also the 1st one, started flashing orange and white. Then they all started flashing. And then they all disappeared fast in an East direction. That is all l can remember.
