{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515258","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/258/mufon-5515258.json","updb_database_id":5515258}
{flg} Bright orange/yellow lights move N to S, somehing less bright ejecting @ 90 degree angle to path

Back yard with two friends while one of the was smoking a cigarette. It was 12:15 AM on a saturday night in Lebanon Oregon. One of the friends pointed out a bright light rising vertically from North horizon. At first appeared to be really bright airplane light, but it was too bright and soon after we noticed it, direction changed so that it was heading South, thus coming closer to us. About the time it was passing our location, at aabout 35/45 degrees above horizon and to the West of our location. (perhaps over top of I5 or maybe even farther west) a new one came into view in the same location as the first. The second light moved in the same exact flight path as the first and at the same speed. By the time this one was passing our location, a third light, again in same speed and path, came into view. At this time the first obeject had dissapeared to the South horizon. It was very difficult to determine altitude and distance. No noise.Objects all flashed randomly and all ejected less bright lights towards the ground. The initital lights had no tail or trail, however the less bright things that we ejected did have a tail that followed their path. The ejected objects only came as singles. The original UFO lights ejected maybe 2 or 3 each in all. All three of us witnessed this event for several minutes. Long enough to ponder and discuss their existence and be in disbelief and amazement. 
What really makes this crazy is that about 30 minutes after the sighting, I went outside to leave and noticed another light directly above lebanon, this one moving more at a NE to SW path and closer to the ground. When it ejecting a less bright thing from it, this event was more clear than the first three. I shouted for my friends to come back out. A 5th light then appeared. this one back on the path and altitude of the first three. I also had my video phone in hand and got it on tape. This final object never ejected something as the first 4 all had. the 2nd or third object disappearedas it seemed to burn out temporarily, and then it reappeared on same flight path and did not appear to have changed speed while not visible. reminded me of a trick candle buring out and reignighting
