{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526157","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/157/mufon-5526157.json","updb_database_id":5526157}
Triangle flat UFO

About 10pm my daughter, myself and son-n-law. (to see an exact duplicate of what I saw, YOUTUBE has video I found "UFO June 2011 Pennsylvania, Multiple Crafts Descend into WOODS, 6/3/11).

In our backyard and looking into the North West portion of the sky, we saw a couple of airplanes which we consider normal aircraft traffic. While continuing to look in this direction I saw an extremely bright white light coming toward us very low; in fact, it appeared to be just above the roof tops of the houses in the sub division behind us.

I told my daughter and son-n-law to look and asked if it was an airplane. My son's first response was "it's a plane" and he left the yard. My daughter and I continued to watch it. We both commented that it was flying lower than normal air traffic and the lights seemed to be abnormally bright for air traffic. We considered maybe it was a search helicopter but as it got nearer to us we realized that we could not hear a thing. 

My daughter then took the high powered binoculars (we can see moon craters they are so powerful) and started to scream "it's a UFO, a real UFO!" she then handed them to me. I used the binoculars and was shocked and awed over what I was seeing.

A large almost kite-diamond shaped craft that had very bright white lights in the middle of the front of the vehicle, however; the lights took up most of the front of it (not a headlight type). It's distance above us was about 4 single story houses stacked one on top of each other. It appeared to be flat on the bottom and all 3 sides were smooth rounded up. When it was directly over top of me, the light on the front shifted to a round white light under neath and I made the comment "I hope it doesn't beam me up!" (jokingly). We then noticed that the front where the lights had been seem to have a section "notched inward". What was so amazing is no sound! It was gliding across the sky. As it passed over us I handed the binoculars to my son-in-law and he said the light changed again from underneath to the front. However, I am going to let him as well as my daughter make their own report. I only want to report my perception.

Although we do have an AFB about 30 miles to the east of us; I am the daughter of a retired AF pilot. The B2 did come to mind but I am familiar with this plane and this craft DID NOT resemble the B2. We also have "drones" but this did not resemble them. We have a lot of air traffic at night because we are 40 miles north of an international airport. We are very familiar with planes and use a smart phone app that shows us air traffic. There was no plane in our vicinity at that "moment" and this craft did not resemble any air traffic we are very familiar.

I want to add that we have become avid skywatchers and it is my opinion that the more you watch, the more you see and the more you see and develop a love of the phenomena, the more connected you become as we now see up to 20 "orbs" per night and some will stop and glow as bright as the moon right near us. This phenomena is becoming more prevalent in my opinion and many are recording it. Unfortunately I do not have the proper night time equipment to record these.
