{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-21 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509157","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6076,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/157/mufon-5509157.json","updb_database_id":5509157}
{cak} round object did not notice until looked at pictures later

I took my dog out for a walk early in the morning about 1/4 mile or less from my house. decided to take the camera because I never know when ill see something interesting. also my dog is getting older so I am trying to get videos of her to remember her by. I go out to this area a lot and there has been two other occasions I saw something unusual but didn't have my camera. anyway that morning I decided to take pics of the area to send to my family in Michigan. show them where I moved to and how wide open the space is so close to my house. so I stood in place and took about 9 pictures as I was turning in a circle. it wasnt until a couple days later when I downloaded the pics to my computer to print that I noticed the two objects in the pictures. right now Im attaching the photos I took the other day, I only have a digital camera and don't have the software on my computer to be able to zoom it in and get a clearer view of what it or they could be. youll see in the pictures a hill, to the left of that hill theres a cloud formation a dark one below the white ones, it looks sort of like a frog. in one pic there is nothing but I turned all the way around in a few seconds and took another pic of the same area, thats when the round object appears in the pic. plus to the right of the same mountain, between it and a smaller hill, just above to the right of a small white structure appears another blurry object that also doesnt appear in the other pics. I don't know the sequence, if the object was in the first pic I took or the second as I was turning. but they were all taken in less than a minute, you can tell that because the clouds don't change between pics. also I didn't see or hear any planes or helicopters that morning. in fact I rarely see those out there except the high altitude commercial types. the mountain that is behind the object is approx. 4 miles away from where I was standing. maybe a little farther.
I hope you can analyze the picture better and be able to maybe give me a clue to what appeared in those pics. strange thing on my back from that walk I also saw and took pictures of some HUGE paw prints. look like A BIG CAT. there was a mans foot print next to one and the paw was almost as big, at least 5" across and 6" long.

I have seen a definite ufo when I was 17 (in the fall of 1971). I was with my dad, aunt and cousin, it was in the mountains between lake Tahoe and sacramento. we all saw it, around 1 a.m. coming down the mountain toward sacramento. at first we were surrounded by the mountains and forest when we started coming out of the mountains we could see something bright between the trees. then the highway comes to a plateau and both sides of the hiway drop below and youre above the forest. thats when we saw the huge bright round object. it was about 20 - 30 miles away as the crow flys. it was huge, there was a full moon that night and the difference between the moon and the object was like a 50 cent piece and a dime held out at arms length. it was extremely bright and had a beam of light like coming from it as though it was searching for something. there were no helicopter cops in those days plus there isnt even any populated places in that area, some cabins here and there that are usually closed up at summers end. we pulled over and got out of the van. we watched it for about 5 minutes when suddenly the beam shut off and the object streaked away and disappeared in a split second. my aunt was saying not to let my cousin (he was about 9yrs old then)know that we just saw a ufo, that it would scare him. my father had been in the navy assigned to a aircraft carrier in the early 50s, he said he had never heard of or seen anything like that before. it didn't make a sound & again I have never before or since seen anything that bright white.
it was in the fall and it was cloudy out, but where the object had been was devoid of clouds, like the heat of the thing dissipated them and you could see thru to clear sky. the weird thing is on the road coming from Tahoe before we saw it we noticed all kinds of animals. all of us had traveled that road dozens & dozens of times & never saw that many animals during one trip. my dad was saying there must be a bear or cougar lurking about scaring the smaller animals. also I remember the trip up until the point when the object disappeared, don't remember getting back in the van or the rest of the trip. and we didn't talk about it for at least the next 15 years or more. don't know why, but when we did with each other at separate times we all remember it exactly like I just described. even my cousin said "yeah I remember the time we saw a ufo but mom thought id be scared so you guys pretended it was nothing" then he described his memory of it and it was exactly like mine.
so the since then I have been looking at the sky hoping to see that again. and I have seen a lot of unusual objects, especially in the last couple years. more so in the last couple months at night with astronomical binoculars. 
ill file a report about a couple VERY interesting things I saw a few weeks ago.
