{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-17 23:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491157","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/157/mufon-5491157.json","updb_database_id":5491157}
{rjl} I was on my south facing porch smoking a cigarette, watching the sky, when a pulsating red glowing object moved through the sky at a high rate of speed.

Friday night, July 17 2015, Vancouver WA, at approximately 11:09 PM I was at my apartment, on my south facing porch smoking a cigarette and watching the sky. I have never before this night seen what people term a UFO, and only recently became convinced of their existence. As a normal routine when I am home smoking, it is on my back porch, as I do not smoke indoors.

I was following the northward flight path of what appeared to be a commercial jet liner. It did not have flashing lights, but rather a single steady white light. I tend to watch these types of movements, disregarding aircraft with flashing lights. As I watched it for around 30 seconds, it was now, I estimate in the airspace close to or directly over Portland International Airport. At which time an object, from my perspective, crossed its path moving from the North West.

At first I thought it was a meteor, as it gave off a reddish glow that was getting slightly brighter. There was no fire trail, and instead of seeing it burn-up, the glow began dimming. Before the glow disappeared it brightened again to the same intensity I had first seen. The red pulsating object was not very bright, in fact, had it not passed over the path of the jet I was initially watching, I might not have seen it at all.

The red glowing object pulsated from dimmest to brightest, and back to dimmest in about 1.5 seconds. This timing continued and was constant for the 10 to 12 seconds I witnessed the object. It appeared to be traveling in a straight line heading South and slightly East. In, I would approximate the direction of California.

When I first saw the object, it was on my right side, to the West, somewhere over the Portland International Airport, a few miles West of my location. After about 3 seconds it was directly South of me. I was excited at this point, and was intensely watching. Another 3 seconds, and it was to the left of me, on my East side. From my perspective, the distance in the sky where I first witnessed this object to when it was directly to my South, was approximately how far it had traveled to the left, or the east of me. 

At this time, it now appeared to be moving directly away from me. This may indicate a course change to a more Southerly heading. At this point the red pulsating glow of the object appeared to fade over the next 4 seconds, as it moved away from me at an extremely high rate of speed, and was then lost to light pollution on the horizon.

Total time of sighting was about 10 seconds. The object was moving at such a high velocity as to make the Jet I had been watching at the start: appear to be moving like a snail. Furthermore, I would not be surprised if the UFO crossed Oregon(from northern border to southern border), and reached California in 30 seconds.
