{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-30 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502157","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4038,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/157/mufon-5502157.json","updb_database_id":5502157}
{dr}30-40+

I stepped outside around 10:40 PM to watch the sky, since there has been a lot of interesting activity of late, and it was a clear night with good visibility. I was not disappointed! I quickly noticed a star-like object moving due-west to due-east, making slight course corrections and speed changes. I pointed it out to my Mother, who said it was an interesting "satellite", and went inside. I had noticed earlier that day that birds seemed to be acting strangely around town; chirping, squawking, and flying back and forth as if they were alarmed about something. At the time of the sighting, I could hear birds chirping to each other from the trees, all over the place; this was unusual for being this late in the evening. Just before the sighting, the dogs in my neighborhood were barking quite a lot, which is also unusual. After seeing the first object, the activity only increased. Lots of bright flashes and streaks of light. Most of the objects I saw eventually dimmed until they were invisible; occasionally a streak of light would appear where I had just lost visibility of an object. Some of them moved in groups of 2, flying in perfect formation. Twice I saw an object appear that pulsated slowly from invisible to extremely bright and back again, while following a very curvy, looping flight path. The second pulsating object appeared to "slalom" between the stars of Ursa Major, which made me laugh out loud in disbelief and amazement. Other times I would see a stationary object appear just long enough to become incredibly bright, then disappear. Later in the evening I saw a couple of these that seemed to be coming from on the ground. Observed what I thought were stars low on the horizon, but realized they were actually objects hovering. I steadied myself against the side of my house and lined one of these "stars" up with the edge of a neighboring house, and saw that it was actually moving around within a small space (as if to appear stationary?). One of these hovering objects appeared to eject another similar yet smaller object, which traveled straight down until I lost sight of it. Throughout this sighting, I observed airplanes of every size traveling in a variety of directions, and at a variety of altitudes. I saw a couple of helicopters, and heard a helicopter at other times when none were visible. With all this activity, I was quite mesmerized; after a while feeling sort of foggy and spaced-out. Eventually I realized I was pretty cold, and my neck hurt from craning my head up to the sky for so long. I went inside and was somewhat surprised to see that it was now 1:40 AM; I had been out there for three hours watching the sky! There was still plenty of activity going on, but it seemed to be winding down, and it was getting late, so I went to bed. The next day, the heavy airplane traffic continued, and at 10:00 AM, I noticed a white/gray helicopter circling around town. It kept circling back over, and a couple of times seemed to be moving directly over our house. By 2:00 PM, the helicopter was still up there, doing its "rounds". This was the most active night I have observed (ever!), but there have been interesting sightings in the sky almost every night recently (when visibility is good). Not sure what all the hubbub is all about, but SOMETHING is certainly going on up there. If you live anywhere near Whatcom county, just take a look up on a clear night, and you'll see.
