{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470157","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/157/mufon-5470157.json","updb_database_id":5470157}
Falling silently from night sky, burning rectangular shape, like a large sea container, fell behind tree-line, no sound

The event I witnessed, late one wintery night while jogging on a rural road south of Gravenhurst Ontario Canada, happened on a cold, crisp, clear, stary night. 
This event happened many years ago and I've only spoken about it a few times due to the ridicules from the people I shared my experience. However, I know what I saw and that will never change. As weird as this short event sounds this is the exact account of what I saw. 
It was approximately 11:30pm, mid January, 2011. I was about a mile from my home on an unlit rural road south of Gravenhurst Ontario. The road is lined with trees on both sides at this part of the road. I was on a short straight stretch approaching a left bend in the road...i was say 500 ft from the bend. 
Something caught my eye up in the clear, stary night. What it looked like to this day confounds me. There was what I can only describe as a fully engulfed, burning Sea-container, falling silently from the sky. 
It's trajectory angle downward was approximately 80%-85%. It fell slowly, so I feel it wasn't close to me, as this "sea container" shaped object also fell silently. 
I'm an older Canadian, so I still speak in the Imperial measurement system.
I stared at this object for about 4 seconds then began to search the night sky, and from where I was this was about half of the sky in the vicinity from where I thought I'd see some aircraft debris also falling. The night sky was absolutely clear except for the burning Sea container, which was still quite clear and viewable as it silently fell for a few more seconds before​ it went out of sight behind the tree-line down the road near the bend.
I strained my hearing while I waited for the book of its crash landing, but heard nothing. As it was winter I suspected the object fell into a forested area beyond the farm fields just past the tree-line. This is an area in Muskoka where farms were cut out between the sometimes massive granite outcroppings, mixed in with forested areas, so I'm no sure to this day where this object fell. Nor am I sure as to its actual size, as this thing fell silently and made no sound when it, must have, hit ground. The people who owns the property have never found any such object anywhere on their farmland or bush property.
From the line of sight and trajectory of this object as it was falling, I suspect it either landed in the forested areas West and slightly North of my position between myself and Sparrow Lake, near where I lived at the time.
I continued down the road towards my home and the open farmland area beyond the tree-line blocking the decent of the object. I looked for a glowing light, or smoke trails, up and down the landscape close by and off in the distance, but saw no sign of a crash sight. 
No sign of any objects still in the sky, airplane or mother-ship could be seen. Haha, but I found no plausible cause for the falling sea container object.
From the time I first saw this object till it was out of sight may have been 8-10 seconds. Add 2 minutes, at the most, till I had a clearer line of sight further down the road, to where I thought this thing fell. 
I can still close my eyes and picture this object with absolute clarity, which I can best describe as a sea container, completely on fire slowly falling from an otherwise clear sky.
This Spring, before the leaves form on the trees, I was planning on buying a good quality drone to help me start a search for this mysterious object.
I listened to news and radio stations over a week but no mention of any falling objects in the night sky. I figure there was either a cover-up, or other people were ridiculed and dropped the matter, or I'm "seeing things" as was often included in my ridicules...but I KNOW WHAT I SAW. 
By coming forward with this somewhat older story I'm hoping that maybe others saw this thing falling from the sky and we could form a search party and locate whatever came down that night, or at least try to.
Since I was a young boy, I've been watching the night skies and believe I've seen UFO's way up in the outer atmosphere traveling the night skies above earth. 
This is unrelated to my falling object sighting, but in the past 3 years I have twice witnessed what I could best describe as a 'space battle's far out in outer space. 
So maybe I'm lucky, or not lucky because I've never heard anything about these incidents either. Adding insult to injury, my fiance Jeff rolled her eyes at me now when she enquired as to what I was doing on the tablet. This is exactly why it has taken years for me to get the courage to come forward with my story about the falling, and fully engulfed in flames, sea container and the short blurp about the two space battle's I've seen.
I'm not crazy, I know I sound like it though, but the events we are witness to in life would be much easier to speak about if more people come forward. 
I hope someone else saw the things I saw and have, or will someday, come out with their own story.
