Case No. 1724 21122021

Date: December 21, 2021.

Approximate Time: 00:58 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: L. V., informed by F. C. Z.

Description: The informant reported the presence of what appears to be a formation of 7 UFOs and that it had been photographed at 00:58 on December 21, 2021 in the city of Iquique, in the Region of Tarapacá.

The user indicated that the sighting that originated this case lasted between 1 to 5 minutes.
seconds, involving more than three objects, which had a saucer-like shape with
sizes ranging from 6 to 15 meters and of "a new color." He concluded his testimony
stating that (sic): "Photo from the street after the photos previously sent by my wife, Iquique."

In addition to the above, the user uploaded a photograph in JPG format.

Based on the address provided by the reporter, the location of the sighting was identified as a residence in Iquique, in the Tarapacá Region.
The analysis of the information contained in the photograph sent demonstrated that it was digitally altered.

The image shows seven UFOs, six of them identical and the seventh in a different position. They are drawings of UFOs that can be found in two ways on internet sites dedicated to the free exchange of digital material.

As Figure 1 shows, the URL pngimg.com offers it as it appears in the case photograph. But it is more common as it appears on stickpng.com (Figure 2).
Figure 1

Figure 2

Images: Along with his report, the informant sent an edited photograph in jpg format, which is attached below:

Conclusion: According to the study of the narrative and the forensic examinations of the image provided to the SEFAA, it was determined that the user reported the presence of an anomaly with a digital drawing that was created by adding an element freely available on the internet to a photo taken in Iquique.
In turn, this was modified, generating a fleet of seven UFOs from two. In the face of this evidence, the case was closed and classified as "False."
