{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5465230.json","updb_database_id":5465230}
{tjd} Glowing sphere moving fast like a shooting star horizontally. Way too high to be any aircraft stopping instantly, sitting stationary, changing directions like a pinball, and shooting straight up into the sky disappearing in less than a second.

It was August and some friends of mine decided to have a bonfire at my parents house. It was getting close to the end of the night and the fire had went out. My friends and I were talking as everyone was getting ready to leave standing out in the driveway of my parents house in Kentucky. The next thing I know I see this bright light like a shooting star coming from the north heading towards the West. I said did you see that and all my friends said yes! It happened so quickly and I was so shocked that I couldn't even say anything till after it had disappeared out of the atmosphere. Right before it disappeared I saw like a bluish Flash. When I first saw it I thought it was a shooting star. The object was the same color like flames, white, and orange. I have seen many but this object was moving in a perfect horizontal line. Suddenly it stops immediately with no slowing down whatsoever. I know that it couldn't have been any man-made aircraft because the inertia would smash the person like an egg as fast as this object traveled and as quick as it stopped. Plus it was entirely too high up for any aircraft. It shot straight up in the sky and stopped again abruptly. It shot back down and bounced around in the sky like a pinball right before it shut straight out of the atmosphere and out of sat in less than a second. It was a clear night without a cloud in the sky and you could see every Star clearly. I had never believed and UFOs and I have only told a couple of close friends about this. This is the first time I have spoke about it or been on any site online to do with reporting or looking for UFOs. I just wanted to share my story.
