{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-08 09:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2456,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5528230.json","updb_database_id":5528230}
Large white cigar shaped object moving from north to south, ascending and turning to the southwest

January 8, 2011, Saturday morning at 9:52am, bright blue sky, no clouds. I was driving west on Union Avenue and had crossed Cooper Avenue when I saw overhead a large, white, non-reflective, cigar shaped object moving to the south. There were 2 youths in my back seat and I asked them if they could see it, too. They could view the object from the back seat, initially leaning forward and looking out the windshield and then looking out the side passenger window behind me (the driver).

At first glance I thought it to be a commercial jet, however, when I took a second look and asked my passengers to look, we saw there was no tail, no wings, no windows, no markings. This object was a long cylinder-shaped (cigar) and rounded on both ends. It was white, but not reflecting the sun at all. It moved at a steady pace toward the south and slowly began ascending and turning slightly to the south west. We continued to watch this object, discussing it the entire time, looking for anything that could identify it (ie wings, tail, propeller, windows, colors or markings). We watched it literally as far as we could see it. 

When we could no longer see the white cigar shaped object we saw in that same area a jet-liner (in the vicinity of the Memphis International Airport) which showed up black against the blue sky and the wings and tail were quite visible even from the long distance. I asked my passengers if that looked like the object we all saw and they agreed that the object we saw and discussed was NOT an airplane.

I turned off Union Avenue at Willett and arrived at my destination. I estimate that we saw and observed this object for approximately 1 minute to 1 1/2 minutes and the only time we could not see it was when a building obstructed our view.
