{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-25 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5486230.json","updb_database_id":5486230}
{dr}Walked literally out of my front door to 5 glowing and flashing triangular objects leaving a pyramid formation

Christmas night just after dark my parents were leaving with my brother. My brother walked out first and saw the 5 orbs form the pyramid or triangle shape. He yelled for us and as I got to the door I saw them leave it and form a straight line vertical to the horizon..they moved so fast it was unbelievable in ways I've seen no aircraft do. Then 3 just simply vanished.. by then I was getting my phone camera out. I think we were just all in such shock it took a minute. I took a couple of photos as they took off at lightening fast speed straight off. I took a couple of snapshots and some 4k video that is way to big to upload. Not the greatest video because I didn't start it until late in. My 7 kids (21,18,16,13,10,7,and 4), my dad, my brother and I were all talking about the whole darn that hung and my kids were so excited I had to tell them to cut it out. So that we could see if there was any sound, but it was silent except for the passing trucks at the 123 bypass a few miles away. On a still night like that we can hear a helicopter for many many miles but these didn't move or look, or even sound anything like one of those. We see those around a lot so we do know what that would look like even a at night. I'll be glad to pass it on the 4k video the file is huge though and I only got the tail end with 2 of them. When I zoomed in on the one it looked triangular and flashed white and red it seemed. The clouds that night were everywhere. It was by happenstance that it was open long enough to see it. 

Later in that same evening when amother brief window opened my brother called me (they live about 22 miles from us)and asked me if I could go out and see any light since he was seeing something very odd anything his house. Another light behind the clouds brighter than the moon in that same vacinity, and some odd green strowning was all I saw before the clouds moved back to fully block anything at all. Sorry if this runs on it is late and I'm only reporting it because my brother said I should do it. I did try to upload the video but it is to large for my phone to handle uploading apparently!
