{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-03 06:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5288230.json","updb_database_id":5288230}
Object observed and photographed in the sky above Temecula, CA, traveling in a straight path. Observed to change shape in photgraphs.

Me and one other person had been traveling home to San Diego, from Joshua Tree Natonal Park. There were no drugs or alcohol involved, but we had little sleep due to heavy wind while attempting to sleep in a tent the night before in Joshua Tree. 

We had stopped in Temecula so that the person I was with could use a restroom. She had tried to use the restroom at two gas stations, but both were not available. It was at this time that we had pulled into a parking lot so that we could figure out where to find a restroom. 

While in the parking lot, we both observed what we thought was an orange or red blimp high in the sky, above the hills to the south west of us. I then noticed that the shape was not right for a blimp and I got out of the vehicle. It this point, I could tell that it was not a blimp. It appeared to be lower than I originally thought and smaller than a blimp. Me and the other person both would put the size as being between 5 and 20 feet across. It looked to be holding a perfectly level altitude and was heading in a perfectly straight line towards out general direction, which was north by north easy of the object. 

I took out my S21 Ultra phone and zoomed in to use the 20x optical zoom. I took 7 pictures in less than a minute. I also tried to get a video, but was having a hard time locating the object while in video mode. I wound up with a 4 second video with the wide angle lense at 0.6x zoom, making the object just a dot and I was moving the camera around rapidly, looking for the object, so the video is not good.

While I was out of the vehicle, the person I was with was urging me back into the vehicle, as she still really needed to use the restroom. Unfortunately, I was not able to control observer or record the object because of this. After finding a restroom, we both looked at the pictures and were shocked by what the object looked like when zoomed in and how the shape changed. We both agreed that we should have stayed and watched the object until it left sight.

The screens hot of the map shows out location when taking pictures/observing at the drop pin. The red arrow is the path of travel. The green X is the perceived location of the object when photographed.
