{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-17 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5499230.json","updb_database_id":5499230}
{cak} Flew west, hovered for a bit, lights altered white to red, no sound, bars of light on object

I have recently moved to the south west corner of the Kansas City metro area. We are now far enough outside most of the city lights therefore the sky is very bright at night and often catches my eyes. I had just returned home from a work trip and was taking the trash to the curb. Walking towards the end of the driveway I was looking up at the western sky. An object with two rows of lights which were blinking every one second, white to red was moving from east to west rather fast. At first I thought the object was a remote control aircraft or possibly a drone. But it was making manuvers that seemed to test our technology. The craft was jump great distance too fast. Then, once it was about a mile away, it stopped and hovered about 500 feet from the ground. The lights were still blinking and I was convinced what I was looking at was something special. All I can truly rule out is it was not an airplane seen normally over head. I also couldn't imagine a remote control could reach the distances this object was covering. I will admit I've never seen a drone in person so it's my best guess. Anyways, I was able to get a good picture for being so dark out. I made sure to use my neighbors roofline in the pic to better judge the height and the lights look like a bar. The roofline shows clarity so the camera was not moving. I was also able to take a video! Very hard to see but you can see the object is hovering and then descending slow in a controlled speed. I could not hear any noise in the background. Once the object descended below my visible sight, I then saw a smaller plane coming from the west heading east and banking around the same distance the object would had been.
