{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-16 19:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2926,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5480230.json","updb_database_id":5480230}
{rjl} Two Glowing Orbs Stationary Then Each Went Separate Ways

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? I was taking a walk in the later evening about dusk to get some steps in for the day. The sighting was around 730p EST, in Newnan, GA, about 15 miles south of Hartsfield Jackson Airport.

2. What made you first notice the object? There 2 very bright lights in the sky, not airplane lights. Living so close to the airport I see airplane lights all the time and know the landing patterns of the planes. They were out of the landing path from the west and east of the directions of the planes in the area. The orb lights stood out like a sore thumb. The orbs were also closer together than any planes would be on approach to the airport. 

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? Airplanes

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail. 2 very round, circular, glowing orbs. Like perfect glowing circles. Almost star like in color. After taking the pictures with an iPhone 6s +, I zoomed in to see if I can get a better look. In the middle of the orbs there seems to be something in the middle of each of them, but not sure if it is just distortion or not. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. I always look for UFO's, so I was excited that this could be my first potential sighting. I had no other feelings other than excitement. I texted my buddy the picture and he check flightradar24 and nothing on the app showing aircraft in the area matching the two orbs in that area. I am always skeptical of ever seeing anything like this, but this was different than anything I have ever seen before.

6. How did you lose sight of the object? Total sighting was about 10 minutes for me. I wasn't 100% sure, so I started walking down the hill to my house. I as started walking each orb went in separate directions in slow controlled line. It was odd to me that they were going the opposite direction of the landing patterns of the planes. They went below the tree line (in the pictures) and didn't see them again.
