{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-07 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33842","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5522230.json","updb_database_id":5522230}
Star-like UFO - Multiple sightings

This is the first of six sightings of the same or similiar object I've had since July 7th 2011. While out having a smoke in my back yard I turned to walk back to my house (Looking North slightly up hill 25 yards), my eyes were immediately drawn to what appeared to be a large passenger plane with landing lights on approaching very low in the sky from the North. My first thought was this plane must be in trouble to be this low in the sky. I live 30 miles away from Neweark airport and Teeterboro Airport and see aircraft of varying heights very often. I kept watching to see if indeed this plane could be in trouble when I realized there was no sound. The moment I had that thought, what I though were landing lights switched off and the object took on the appearance of a large star. I would compare to to the brightest star in the sky and at least 4 times the size. As I watched the object passed slowly and steadily over my house and directly over my head in a Southward direction. I looked carefully to see if there would be part of this craft blocking out the real stars (it was clear and there were many stars out), and I could not see any physical shape, just the star like light. All i could hear were a few crickets, this thing made no sound at all. Whitish/ bluish in color I was sort of mezmerized by it. As it passed over it appeared to zig zag for a 4 ot 5 second and started to veer toward the East. As it drifted toward the horizon I was puzzled by what it was that could have flown right over my head without making a sound? At that point the object had just a few moment before it would reach the the horizon (mountain tops) and I would lose sight. I kept my eyes on it and approximately 15 second before it would have gone out of my sight, it turned bright red/ orange and disappeared in a flash.

Since this sighting I've seen this object or something similiar on 5 other occasions, two of those occasions I was lucky enough to have witnesses present. I'd love to talk to someone who has seen these objects and perhaps can shed some light on what it is I'm seeing. Out of the 6 sighting I've had, none of them were the result of watching the sky for hours. I've had these experience stepping out for a smoke or letting the dog out to do his business. Please don't suggest they are satellites, plains, helicopters. I see those thing all of the time and can erasily recognize them. 

If you are skeptical in any way, I suggest you spend a few minutes each night watching the sky. You won't have to watch for too long to witness one of these things. Keep your eyes open for star-like objects that move and dissapear. I'm a show-me type person.... and I've been shown.
