{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-30 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494230","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/230/mufon-5494230.json","updb_database_id":5494230}
{nd} I saw strange lights in the sky at 2:30am I reached for my camera and started recording

At approximately 2:30am on March 30th, 2015 I was outside and noticed a light in the sky. At first I thought it was a star, but then I noticed that it was changing color. I grabbed my camcorder out of the truck and started recording. As I zoomed in, it disappeared from my viewfinder twice. The third time I tried to record I was able to record a metallic gray spherical object in the sky. I recorded it for a little over 3 and a half minutes and during this time, it morphed it's shape, taking on the appearance of the moon at one point. It hovered in the sky above me for quite some time, then it moved slowly across the sky toward the west. it stayed in the sky until about 4:30am, until it began to move again. This time it disappeared into the early morning sky. I was in shock and awe. I am lucky that I had some charge left on my camcorder. Although you can't see in the film, what I saw with the naked eye, I am sure someone might be able to brighten the video enough to identify it as the object I described. I didn't get any ill feelings toward the object and it didn't frighten me. It was more like a sensation of finding out something existed that I never thought I would find out. This was the main object that I paid attention to, however after reviewing my video, I saw that there were several other objects in the sky. I would gladly like someone to take the video and give me a logical explanation for what these objects are. Since the night of March 30th, 2015, I have seen these strange lights in the Northwest Skies of Houston, Texas almost every night. I have since purchased a night-scope to try to capture more video, since I've heard that the nightscope technology might be alien technology, I figured I'd fight fire with fire. I am making an independent feature length film and have published this video on youtube as my trailer or preview of the film.
