{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-12 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5488928.json","updb_database_id":5488928}
{rjl} My son and I were driving and stopped at a stoplight. I saw a triangle with 3 red lights out of my driverside window that was hovering in 1 spot.

Around 9:30-10pm I was driving westbound on Maitland Blvd with my son in the passenger seat. It was a fairly clear night with a small amount of cloud cover, but you could still see some stars. We pulled up and stopped at the redlight at the intersection of Maitland Blvd and Maitland Ave. While at the redlight, I was looking up at the sky/stars out of my driverside window, when I noticed 3 bright red lights in a triangle shape that appeared to be hovering directly diagonal from me above the intersection. There is a Jewish private school on that side of the intersection, and the object appeared to be hovering pretty much over the school probably less than 100ft above it. When I saw the object, I immediately rolled my window all the way down to get a clear view and also asked my son if he saw the object. And he said he saw it too. I first that it may have been a blimp because I did not hear any noise or airplane/helicopter motors running and it was kind of drifting/hovering. It was not a blimp because there was no large balloon above the lights that was visible. Furthermore the 3 red lights were spread over a large area. A blimp's lights would be closer together I believe. The object appeared to be very large and had a dark outline of a triangle with the 3 red lights being the triangle points. It was large enough to black out the stars in the sky in that area.
Furthermore, once the light turned green, I drove off very slowly still keeping an eye on the object which did not appear to be moving through the sky, only hovering in the area. There were also at least 4-5 cars that were driving in the opposite direction that had pulled off into the median to observe the object. There were multiple people outside of the cars looking up at it, pointing at it, and also some with their phones out probably taking pictures. 
We continued down the road, both puzzled about what we just saw, trying to make sense of it. We reached our destination and I told my friends about what we just saw. All I could tell them was that it was definitely an unidentified flying object.
