{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-18 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5455928.json","updb_database_id":5455928}
{cak} I saw 26 total lights traveling West to East single file inline perfect spacing.

It was Saturday evening 18 of January approximately 6:40 in the evening. I walked outside to feed my dog and I just naturally always look up. I used to walk my other dog before she passed away it was funny because she would make me stop and look up at the stars, that’s been for six years now so it just comes natural, especially with everything I’ve seen in our area, it is a hotbed for Un identified objects in the sky in all different shapes, sizes and color intensities. When I looked into the stars just north of the ladle coming out of the big dipper I saw a light going across the sky similar to a star then I saw another light, these lights were spaced perfectly if you took a 12 inch ruler in your hand parallel to the ground extend your arm up into the stars that distance is about how far apart they were spaced. The space in between them was consistent with all 26 it was like they were on a track there was no variation of even one of them from left to right or faster or slower. As these lights came I was pretty excited since I’ve been watching the skies for a long time here. I figured an unidentified object is what it says unidentified as a lot of them are is why I go out and watch the skies. I ran into the house to tell my wife about it and to get her to come out and then also to grab my phone to take video. When I ran back out to get in the same position I was in before, the objects were gone. I can go out nightly to watch the skies and if not every night at least every other night and I go out I see anomalies. It’s pretty exciting every night to go out with anticipation of what I see next that is different. You also think and wonder what could that possibly be so high in the sky. Other things in past years I’ve seen a phone closer to the ground.
