{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-09 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3549,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5289928.json","updb_database_id":5289928}
The U.F.O first appeared like a very abnormally close low flying rectangular satellite

The U.F.O first appeared late at night while we were out smoking cigarettes picking up our Amazon package that was delivered to our relatives porch instead of ours. Both our houses are on the same piece of land. As we were smoking and looking at the sky before walking back to our house we saw what appeared to be an unusually strange and abnormally low flying traditional rectangular satellite like you would see floating in space.. It was flying very quickly in a set trajectory.. then suddenly it stopped right at the top of the tree line in front of us that fences our property from the Hwy. The UFO had flashing red and green lights only as it flew passed up.. Then when it stopped it appeared to zig zag in a close general vicinity of where it had stopped and would rise above the tree line and hover, then move back to just behind the tree top branches to where it were still very clearly visible. It’s flashing lights changed many different variations of combination of the colors between red green and then blue. At times when it rose to a hover the flashing lights turned to pulses and gradually changed from the red and green with hints of blue to nothing but strobing pulsating blue. We were in a trance and watched for hours... In the blistering cold. We were excited and curious and a bit uneasy up until that point. When the blue pulsating began we were not speaking and I’m not sure for how long exactly. We wanted to walk back across the connected yard to home but were afraid to. After we came back too we noticed the UFO was showing a white light. I have a video. In the video it does not at all look like what we saw. We did not once see it look like the round morphing object that appears on the video. Also in the top right corner of the screen at first glance it looks like a tiny bug is flying around in front of the camera maybe. Except it’s white and the camera is pointed at a 40 degree angle at the sky. I mention on film when it catches my eye as we r recording but after reading this it and it’s movements are visible way earlier than I audibly mention. It speeds in a downward horizontal trajectory towards the Much Larger UFO. I have not shared this footage with anyone only shown on my phone. It has made another appearance but not as active as this night. I’m unsure of the time but I know it was about 11 p.m Central Time when we first went to receive package and did not get back inside our room until 4 a.m The video is 2:45 It starts slow but wait for it because I do zoom in. It appears whiteish grey on this vid but to our eyes still black with flashing and strobing lights. Also I apologize for the audio I was excited scared and just in disbelief don’t even remember all that was said.
