{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-11 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3082,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5504928.json","updb_database_id":5504928}
{nd} Triangle shaped, w/edges illuminated(solid yellowish/white) Each angle in triangle was bisected by a faint line that connected in the center at a red dot.

I was stopped at a red light about to turn onto Rt. 376 in Wappingers falls NY at approximately 9pm on the night of April 11th, 2012. As the light turned green and I began to enter the intersection. As I did the car that had stopped at the light that just turned red began violently beeping his horn. At first I thought I may have pulled into the intersection in front of him or something because of the way that he was laying on the horn. But as I turned to look at his car I saw the object out of the corner of my eye. I realized he was trying to alert me to it's presence. 

It was a large triangular shape with the point of the triangle pointing straight up. The object was about 50 feet higher than the trees in the area. 

The edges of the triangle were illuminated with a constant yellowish-white light. Each angle of the triangle was bisected by a fainter light of the same hue. The three lines that bisected each angle connected in the center of the object where there was a red glowing light. This light was not overwhelmingly bright but it was steady. 

It was moving at a relatively slow pace along the the same direction as the road. (I was driving probably 20mph, where the speed limit is 40mph)As it is traveling it is slowly gaining altitude and speed while at the same time it began to level off and fly in way that you would imagine a triangle would fly if one could. 

Since it is gaining speed on me so all that I can see is the rear of the object at this point. It is lit up and glowing white from the back, much akin to the way the propulsion of the Millennium Falcon looks in Star Wars. There was no noise emitted from the craft what so ever. 

On 376 there is a small airport, I thought maybe that this craft was heading towards it perhaps to land there, even though it looked NOTHING like any aircraft I have ever seen. It did not - it continued along 376 and flew out of sight too fast for me to keep up. 

I remember all the details incredibly vividly but when I returned home I wrote down EXACTLY what I saw in my journal so that I would never forget the details. I just found out about MUFON recently, otherwise I would have submitted this information much sooner. I hope that something comes of this, or that whoever else saw this craft will step forward and confirm what I have seen.
