{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-13 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5530928.json","updb_database_id":5530928}
Falling star with green hue.

I was returning that night from a day long hike in the Los Angeles forest and decided to stop at one of the pull over sites off highway 2 to get a view of the city's lights. I parked and walked away from my vehicle towards the canyon that runs parallel to the road. I stood there for about 5 min when all off a sudden I noticed a green falling star streak the sky in front of me and fall in to the canyon perhaps a couple hundred yards from where I was standing. I paid no attention to it since I had already seen these (green falling stars)up in northern Ca. Aprox 5 min later, I heard the bushes below being tangled with and as I turned to see, I noticed this "being" walking up the trail towards me. It walked right up to me and stood there. I could only make out the silhoutte as being very humanlike but with short legs, I could not see any facial features, perhaps the head being a little oval/longer than the average human head/shape. Since 4 years have passed, I have faint memories but at the moment I suspected it being covered in fur/hair from head to toe. It stood there and I was in disbelief, I knew what I was seeing but my brain was swirling in all directions. Maybe a minute or two passed and I stomped the ground to see it's reaction, immediatly the "thing" jumped as if scared and turned and walked to its left (my right)and stood there facing me once again.As it had turned, I noticed a white patch of something on its lower back. I immediatly turned around and went to my car and left. No noise of any kind was emitted at all through out the encounter.
Visibility: Lights of city provided excelent visibility as if it where full moon.
Exact location: Hwy 2 Angeles crest highway, turnout located about 1 1/2 miles north of last house heading in to park. About 1/2 mile before the ranger station. 
Description of creature:Human silhoutte, about 3-4 feet in height, covered in short hair,walked on two short legs just like a human being, no facial features where visible.
Conclusion: 25 yrs hiking in the park, never seen anything like it or even walk like it, definetively non native animal, called forest service and got laughed at.
