{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-10-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5140,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5527928.json","updb_database_id":5527928}
Low flying and slow moving UFO, You could clearly see the windows rotate slowly around the disc shape.

I believe it was October, but the year was definately 1966 and I was 11 years old. My father owned a small business and I went with him to deliver an order to 13000 Farmington Rd. Livonia MI. He attached the package to the front door and we left heading westbound on Industrial Rd. At the corner we turned right and headed northbound on Farmington Rd.

I was looking out the passenger door glass and from behind moving in a north-northwest direction some bright lights caught my eye and before it registered in my brain of what I was actually seeing, I blurted out to my father, "Dad, that plane is so low, I can see in the windows!!!" Then I noticed the windows were slowly rotating around what appeared to be a disc shaped craft and I was totally confused. Another thing that had stuck in my mind was that each pane of glass had a blue tint near the frame and the color reminded me of a flourescent tube light bulb. The craft remained to the right of our car, but it was moving faster and within a couple seconds my father could see it through the front windshield. All excited he yelled, "thats no plane, it's a flying saucer! We stopped at the next corner which was Schoolcraft Rd and we watched it for about a 20 seconds. It crossed our path and changed direction and began to head west.

My dad had to go to the post office, so he turned eastbound on Schoolcraft Rd. Out the back window, my eyes stayed glued to the object and I noticed the craft began circling back around and was heading east-southeast. So I told my Dad it's coming back and he accelerated the car to about 70MPH but the craft was gaining ground on us fast. We reached Merriman Rd and my dad turned right (southbound) and he tried to intercept the craft for a second time. We weren't able to catch it so he stopped the car a couple hundred feet north of the C&O Railroad crossing and we just watched it for about 5 minutes. It circled the Wonderland Shopping Center at Middlebelt and Plymouth Rds, then proceeded toward downtown Detroit. Another car had also stopped, but we did not talk to him, I wish we did.

The sky was very clear that night. Other then the windows, you could not make out any other features. (I'm thinking back and maybe it was a new moon, and that's why I couldn't see anything but the windows). I would estimate the speed at about 300 MPH. There was no sound. I would estimate the size similar to a 707 airliner or maybe a little larger, although the windows were much bigger then on a typical airliner. If you held a ruler at arms length, it would have measured about 4-1/2 inches across when it passed near the car. It was not marsh gases either!

When I first saw the object it was about 1000 feet off of my 4 o'clock position and about a 1000 feet high. The upward viewing angle was close to 45 Degrees. By the time my Dad saw it through the front windshield, it was about 500 feet off my 2 0'clock position and still flying at the same altitude. At that time our upward viewing angle was about 60 degrees and it eventually crossed our path, maybe an 1/8 mile up the road.

When the craft circled Wonderland Center the altitude was probably closer to 2500 to 3000 feet.

It did not fly irratically. It was very smooth.

My feelings were mixed, for as cool as it was, I was scared s***less. I didn't have nightmares, but I was always watching my back for several years after.

At school I remember telling my close friend Ron A. about what occurred the night before. He didn't believe me, but I guess that was expected.

I'm a former graphic artist so I enclosed a map of Livonia Michigan which shows the UFO's flight path. The story begins at the yellow circle and star. The colors correspond to where the car was in relation to where the UFO was. I also enclosed a computer generated illustration of the UFO. If you size the UFO drawing on your monitor to 4-1/2 inches wide, that's about how big it appeared in the sky. It was huge!

If you have any information related to this UFO incident, or if the description is similar to another sighting, please let me know.

Thank you.
