{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-31 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65573","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5493928.json","updb_database_id":5493928}
{cak} I watched as it approached from the west, slow to hover, change direction to S.S.E., then disappear @ 45* to the S. !!!

At 8:45 pm Halloween night I walked outside the front of the house to look up and down the street to see if there were anymore " trick or treaters " coming before turning out the porch light welcoming them as 9:00 pm was their curfew, I was facing N.W. at that time. Just to the right and a little above the house across the street from me was an airliner on approach to Indianapolis International, it was a starlit night with not a cloud to be seen, I could clearly see the outline of the aircraft, and could plainly hear the turbines whining as it was slowing down.

Because I was facing N.W. a bright orange light caught my attention from the W.. I immediately focused on it and could tell that it was getting closer VERY quickly because it was getting larger even though it was still quite far in the distance. As it started to become even larger it was also apparent that it was in fact slowing down. All of this time it was coming across from the corner of an old abandoned grain mill on the other side of the railroad tracks that I have lived by all of my life, and across the flight path of the airliner on approach. I wanted to go inside and get my binoculars, but was afraid I would lose sight of it.

It slowed to a hover above the white " newly painted that summer " water tower 100 yards to the W.S.W. of me, there was NO sound, and the top of the water tower was bathed in an orange light as the airliner now was passing behind it. I was very excited because I knew what I was experiencing for the second time in my life was a real and true event and I was soaking it all in like a sponge.

After a minute or so it began to move very slowly to the S.S.E. for another 30 seconds or so and during this time I did step just inside the door and retrieved my binoculars. As I was preparing to bring my optics to bear it very abruptly at a 45* angle " skipped " up and out of sight to the south in the blink of an eye, but I wasn't blinking ! 

I have no idea as to size or altitude of the object I was watching all I know is that the water tower was bathed with an orange hue that was not a beam of light or spot light of some kind. It was a reflection caused from the craft itself.

I called the news stations and the airport, but no one verified what I had just witnessed. I thought maybe the pilot of the airliner may have seen it since it most definitely crossed his flight path. So I began to ask myself questions like : (1) Did light from the craft only emanate from the bottom and as such evading the pilots vision ? (2) Did the pilot in fact see what I saw, but didn't make a report ? (3) Did the pilot make a report, but the FAA would not confirm my sighting with his ? 

If you investigate this sighting and uncover some information that corroborates my report I hope you will be so kind as to let me know, and if you would be interested in learning about my first sighting in 79 please feel free to contact me. The main difference in that one being even though I was the only one to actually see the object three other people saw the light from it that filled the interior of my car " because they were sitting in it " and heard the noise " three distinct and different sounds " it made as it passed overhead at a very high rate of speed. I watched as it went from horizon to horizon following the curvature of the earth.

Sincerely

Name removed/cak
