{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-05 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487928","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/928/mufon-5487928.json","updb_database_id":5487928}
{rjl} Cigar shaped craft with two orb escots.In the sky near my home over McDonalds

Driving home from work in front in the sky directly ahead of me, I spotted a beautiful blue and gold craft. I thought it was an airplane as the direction it was pointing towards in a route toward our airport. The surprise was that other planes were in fact flying but were much higher and were not as clearly visible. As I watched the craft it seemed to not be moving. I was stopped at a red light and then I really noticed that it as barely moving and it did not have wings, or tail, or any qualities associated with airplanes. Air planes don't hoover. The colors thrown me, because it was very colorful with one half a clear blue color and the back half was gold. But it did not fit in the skies with other planes, it was clearly visible and seemed much,larger. As the light turned green I crossed the intersection and watched it from my car window. I turned into a McDonalds parking lot and parked my car to watch. Others began to pull over in their vehicles and park behind me and they too began to watch. I stood their pointing and watching then two small orbs appeared next the "Cigar Shaped Craft" and as they approached the craft they seemed to circle the craft and fly next to it. Then the "Cigar shaped Craft" began to move off very slowly into the distance until I watch it fade in the far distance. I thought to myself "What The Hell!", "It's broad day light for goodness sakes, during rush hour traffic, over a crowded sky, without a cloud in the sky! The blue and gold "craft" floated away and I didn't seem to care if people saw it or not!

My second story is not so exciting, but a bit strange. I have had a small 3 foot by 3 foot circle of what looked like burned grass in my backyard for at lease two years. A perfect circle with grass growing in the middle, but with a dry, dead grass ring surrounding it. I've tried everything to get grass to grow their including this year digging and planting seeds. When ever I have guest over, or BBQ in the backyard I take them over to show them my crop circle. My sister said it's from the Sun's intense light burning it shape in the ground. But I never seen or heard of that
