{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-20 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5451967.json","updb_database_id":5451967}
Spinning Egg Flew Over Kansas City House

An egg shaped object materialized just Southeast above my house. It appeared out of thin air and traveled a straight line from Southeast to Southwest while spinning in a constant motion at the same speed. It was spinning flat on its side the same way an egg would spin if you spun it on a countertop. About an hour before this a fighter jet flew directly over my house very low (less than 500 feet) heading straight South. I looked up photos and I believe it was an F-35 fighter as it had a single exhaust.

When the egg shaped object appeared it was just under the clouds. I know it appeared because I was looking right at the area of the sky that it appeared at. At first I questioned whether I was seeing some sort of balloon or drone. However, the steady spinning motion and fact that it was one piece with no joints or welds made me realize this was not a normal object. Nothing was hanging from it. There were no strings. It was not a balloon. There was no sound. It was a light dull color either white or silver. It did not float in from another direction. It was just there out of nowhere. It floated over the trees and I couldn’t track it after that.

Attached is the video I took, along with a still photo I took before the video, and enhanced photos. I wish it was clearer, but I was zoomed in to the max on my iPhone. I bought a telephoto lense so I can hopefully get a clearer picture if I see another. FYI - I was following the CE-5 process when this happened. I had been practicing CE-5 almost daily for about three weeks before this event. I had another sighting about two weeks before this one, but I didn’t get pictures or video of that event. Both were day sightings. All I have to say is CE-5 works, even though it was just me. This has completely changed my life. I’m happy to speak with anyone that wants to talk.
