{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54942","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5503967.json","updb_database_id":5503967}
{kt}noticed a star flashing then zig zagged & shot straight down. Then noticed green & white flashing in the sky - cloud like and it was shaped like a rainbow or dome. Then orange and white flashing in the sky. With the orange sometimes dome shaped

Well, this is really two stories. My husband saw the first half and I saw the second half of the strange sighting.

Husband went outside to the balcony and was talking on the phone. Looked up at the stars and noticed that one of the stars on the big dipper moved to the center of the big dipper, then zipped backed and forth, then went back to the center and started to flash. Then it shot straight down. Then he noticed out of the corner of his eye a flash and thought it might be fireworks. He started to watch these strange cloud like flashes and they were shaped liked a rainbow or dome. They were green and white but mostly green. Then he came back in the house and continued with his phone conversation. He first noticed this event around 10:00 p.m.

I went outside to the balcony around 11:15 not even know that my husband saw this and then noticed a flashing from the corner of my eye. I was sitting down getting ready to make a phone call and I saw the flashing again. My first thought was - is there lightening out tonight but there was not a cloud in the sky and it was a clear bright night. Then I saw the flash again and started to watch it. First I thought, is that a firework and just stood there because I realized that it was not. I saw orange flashing and white but mostly orange and at first it was shaped like a rainbow or dome - then it just became orange flashes of clouds and then a little white flashing and this frequent. 

There was one this one orange cloud like flash that I noticed with some kind of oval shaped object. It was going down and it looked large from a distance. I was just starring at it watching it and I thought I saw red colored lights or it could have been a reflection from the orange flash. It did not look like it was part of the orange cloud that was flashing. I know I saw something. I was waiting for it to come back up so I could get a second look but it never came back up. When this object was coming down, it was not like a drop or quick movement. 

Well, I went back in the house to tell my husband what I saw and that is when he told me what he saw. 

I was watching this for hours and it seemed to be flashing less as time went on and then I noticed that it was flashing only white until about 2:00 am. Then I went back out at 3:00 and it completely stopped. Some of the lights I saw in that direction gone and just total complete darkness like normal.

I have to say that I could have sworn I saw other unexplained things - it seemed very active out there.

I can't imagine that we were the only one to witness this.
