{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-14 01:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5283967.json","updb_database_id":5283967}
Silent, slow triangle UFO flying inside of cloud cover. Headed for nuclear power plant.

Early (1:27AM) in the morning of 12/14/2020 I was outside on my balcony because I had been watching the geminid meteor shower. That was supposed to be the peak time to see it. I had been seeing a few meteors in the sky as it was perfectly clear but after about 1:00AM clouds started to roll in and I began to get ready to head inside for the night as it obscured the view. I stayed a bit longer peeking through the areas of the sky without clouds, staring almost straight up. Suddenly I became aware of abrupt movement in my peripheral vision, turned my head further to the south (previously was facing more westerly) and clearly saw a totally silent, fairly slow moving triangular (equilateral) object above me. It appeared to be around 25ft wide, I saw it mostly from below so I couldn’t tell it’s thickness well but it was fairly flat. I immediately noticed that it had very dim red and amber lights on the bottom of it. They were so subtle that it seemed that they wouldn’t be apparent unless you happened to be looking directly at them, very little spread or reflectiveness. The object appeared to come out from inside of a group of low clouds, which is how I first saw it. My area often has a low level marine layer that rolls in from the ocean at night so I estimated the clouds and object to be at least under 1,000ft and likely closer to 500ft. The object made a slight change in course. It had been going in a SE to NW direction but gradually shifted to a straight westward path. It wasn’t on any normal flight path for my area. The direction it was headed put it on a direct course to fly over a local nuclear power station, Diablo Canyon Power Plant. I had trouble processing what I was seeing at first as I never really gave much thought to UFO stuff previously. But as someone with a broad range of interests that include aviation, I came to the conclusion that this didn’t fit into any normal category of aerial object. It flew at a fairly slow speed for a typical aircraft, I’d guess around 60kts. But the most striking thing was that it made absolutely no noise whatsoever. There was almost no ambient noise at the time I was outside. The sighting only lasted about 75 seconds. My apartment is more on the east side of town near the Cal Poly SLO campus, north of the 101 freeway and I watched it head west, towards a local landmark known as cerro san luis which is a steep and popular hill for hikers at the edge of town. The object flew very close to the south side of the hill and kept on a westerly path until it faded out of view.
