{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-06-21 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5500967.json","updb_database_id":5500967}
{cak} UFO hovers over trees in yard moves northeast lands in swampwent to swamp with state trooper observe object shooting out Sparks went home 2 hours missing

It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon. I'm not sure exactly the date but it was a long day, in that it stayed light after 9:30. I think it was June this, 1987.
 I had been working in the yard. I came into the house around 830,took a shower and had something to eat. My step son Anlikehollered from his room, "there's something out in the yard". I hollered back," would you please go to sleep you got school tomorrow". And he yelled "it's a UFO!"
 His mother and I ran around the back of the house and hovering over the treetops in the backyard was a football shaped object with a misty cloud around it. Approximately 35 ft.across. It had a dome on the bottom with 12 light panels in a circle. This machine made a sound libecause _m radio station fadeing out. The color was matted gray,like a shark skin,the bottom of which reflected the green of the trees and the top said,ected the pink sky. We watched it for about 1 minute at which time I told my wife to go get a camera.She said that she had taken the last picture ,of a flower. At which time it slowly moved over a nearby pond call Davis pond in Chesterfield Connecticut.
 I attempted to go to the pond by myself around the back way but I was afraid to go by myself. I then called the State Police barracks and I told them that I thought perhaps a hot air balloon or ultralight aircraft may have crashed nearby. Within just 2 or 3 minutes a police officer named John came to my house I recognized him as the resident state trooper of Salem Connecticut. He asked if I was the one who called. I introduced myself and we drove out to the spot. 
 on the way there I asked him if he had been near by,because he got there so quickly. He told me "No,you weren't the only one that called. I ask him what did the other people say they saw. He said,"they didn't say what you said." I blurted,"they said it was a UFO didn't they?"He waited a few moments and then said yes that's what they said. I told the officer," well that's what it was ,I said it might be an ultralight because I figured you wouldn't show if I said UFO,"
 At this point we arrived at Davis pond.I ask the officer to turn off his motor and listen and we both could hear it quite plainly the same humming sound and what sounded like welding. The two of us went down to the sand pit , behind which is a small Swamp. I ran ahead of the officer looking down into the swamp,there it was, shooting sparks out of both ends. Two triangular hatches had opened on either end and what appeared to be red hot coals were issuing out of what looked like screens with holes in them. These embers arched in streams so uninformed that if one was not ejected from the screen, there would be a blank spot where it should have been. The embers bounced off the dry vegetation. Which was rather odd because the dry pussy willows did not ignite and there was a fire warning for our town. We had been in drought for several weeks. The officer then said;"that ain't no ultralight." "Well it might be a magnesium motor on fire" knowing full well it wasn't."That's not magnesium burning he said. Then he exclaimed;"are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I said;" I think I'm thinking what you're thinking what are you thinking?"We better get out of here this thing looks dangerous."
 We got back to the squad car and went back to my house we did not speak until I have gotten out of the car he said to me:"I'm not going to report this some things are better off left alone."
I thanked him for having come out but I wondered why didn't he call the army. I thought to myself maybe I should call the army but what would I say I mean I already called the police.
 Upon entering the house my wife said;"I was worried about you where have you been I was just ready to call the police. I just laughed. Then turning on the TV she said;"what do you think you're doing."I said;"I want to watch the news to see if it got reported."" Do you know what time it is?"Peggy asked. Yeah its three min. to 11." Look at the clock"Peg pointed to the VCR. I poked at my wrist watch yeah it's three minutes to eleven. No look at the VCR the VCR said that it was 6 minutes after midnight she asked me how long do you think u been gone I said half an hour 45 minutes at the very most she said to me you've been gone over 2 hours!
 Now I went outside to speak to the officer who was still sitting in his car and I heard the dispatcher ask him John where have you been we've been calling you for over two hours he told the dispatcher I'll talk to you when I get back. I could tell that he was quite confused he kept staring at the clock in his crown vic. I really didn't know what to say and he drove off.
 The next morning I hurried to get dressed I couldn't wait to tell the guys at work.I noticed a lump on my shin which had not been there the preceding day. I had Peg call the Dr for an appointment. A few days later I had the object removed from my shin asking the doctor make sure the lab checks it good proceeding to tell him the story of what had happened he laughed and said don't worry they know what they're doing.
 A couple of weeks later I went back to get the results he said not to worry it's benign what was it? I don't know but it ruined A perfectly fine scalpel it raised some eyebrows at the lab they wanted to know if you had been hit by a small meteorite because that's what it looked like.
