{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5490967.json","updb_database_id":5490967}
{jpg} Triangular shaped craft with multi colored lights caught my eye

I was in my room cleaning up. I went out the back door which is connected to my room as I used to live in a basement living with my parents. As I walked out of the pool area, I opened the gate and at that moment I noticed strange lights hovering above the neighbor’s barn. I figured it was nothing, so I kept walking to the end of the driveway about 30 feet from the house. I then was curious what the lights were, so I looked up again. The craft was northeast from my driveway hovering about as high as a grown oak tree as we have many on the property. I dropped the garbage bag and walked up to the object looking straight up the object was about 10 feet from the driveway. As I walked up to the craft, I observed it as the orange red lights which were at the bottom of the triangle and the greenish light was at the tip of the craft. The craft was not moving at this point, but it would rotate counterclockwise slowly. The lights on the craft were just bright enough to see a solid black frame which was the triangle itself with specs of white lights kind of polka doted on the craft. The main light that we're green, yellow, and red did not look like they were connected to the craft. Now as I stood there for about 1 minute approximately two black helicopters approached the craft on each side. These copters did not have any lights but were loud and could clearly see the shape of the copter. The two copters then tuned off and flew out of sight. After this chain of events, I ran to the front of the house and told my brother and my dad to come out I was scared as I did not know what was going on. As my brother and father stood on the front doorstep, I had lost all sight of the craft, so I convinced them to stay in case the craft came back as it was cold, and they both thought I was nuts. After about two minutes of walking on the front yard the craft then moved from the same direction the farm was behind the house, it went over the house and turned south as the craft did not change altitude but seemed to sag to the left. The craft then slowly disappeared into the tree line. What Was very interesting is it looked like the craft was just flying right through the trees as if they weren't even there before we lost sight of the object. Whenever the craft moved it moved very slowly in a sluggish motion. All of us were so focused on looking at the craft so no pictures or film was presented. Thank you MUFON I am happy that I could share my experience.
