{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63449","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5495967.json","updb_database_id":5495967}
{cak} 7-9 Smaller Triangle shaped craft, to form as a bigger one, able to see what appeared to be a light on bottom but was not on. a big circular light.

Outside in the summer time as me and my father are Avid sky watcher and always are outside in the summer time with eyes to the sky. i live in the country so its very visible skies at night time. We have a back deck that holds the BBQ and chairs and table we often set the telescope up on or just sit and watch mostly for shooting stars, but after that night it all changed.. We were sitting star gazing as usual for about an hour around 12-1am in the summer time. there was a very low and ethereal like cloud cover that night. You could see the stars and shooting stars through the clouds still. As i noticed something traveling directly overhead traveling N NE in a straight heading at a pretty decent rate of speed. It was triangle or boomerang shape, the best way i like to describe this object or objects as it seemed to be 7-9 craft acting as one, is when geese for a group and fly together in a V but not in perfect symmetry, this is what it looked like. Not a sound was ever made, and its very quiet where i live you can hear a car a mile away and planes when their in the sky. This is what made me think this can not be an airplane its not possible as my house is in a direct flightpath to an international airport 40minutes away and i always hear if a plane is in the vicinity, This also was not traveling in a direction or route that is ever taken by other commercial planes. And i caught this UFO as it was directly over my head and i mean directly as i remember my neck was hurting from staring straight up. So i saw this UFO at its closest possible point to me in recollection of where it was at in the sky. It traveled in and out of the ethereal cloud cover so i never lost site of it or them im not sure what the call it. All i know is that its was 7-9 craft that came to form one and each separate one had what appeared to be a light bay or something on the bottom, possibly landing gear i dont know it was big and round in shape. If it was a light it was not on, these UFOS had not one spec of light coming from then but still somewhat seem to have a dim faint glow as it made them very easy to track across the sky. The only military things i have EVER seen in the area is a helicopter, otherwise its only commerical flights up above 30k ft or local plane owners, none of which ive ever seen a local fly at nighttime. Me and my father saw it at the exact same time and never took our eyes off the sky they just had passed over us traveling N NE and watched it disappear over the horizon till it was gone, As it left my sight my adrenaline kicked in as i have always wished to see a UFO as i always thought there is other intelligent life out there, we are all very naive people to think we are the only living being in this fast ever expanding universe, and this only made it easier to feel that way, as ive never seen a man made craft like that, and certainly never seen anything fly that didnt emit at sound at all. So to me i have to believe it was a real UFO and not something of this world, and when i say this world i mean Earth, as the universe is our world to, weve just not have the consciousness to believe that yet, or most people dont, we rightfully have a place in the universe as we are born from it as we are born from a womb, thrust from the big bang to finally end up here on this beautiful planet, in which we need to start making changes or soon it will be irreversible. I know ive went on a rant, but people we need to believe we need there to be something else out their you need to open up your mind in able to deal with all of this information and belief and not be controlled or told what is right or wrong to think you have your own minds you need to use them and make your own decision and assumptions in this world. Im just a regular guy nothing special, but what makes me special is i believe I KNOW there is life out there the universe itself is so big even with the smallest possible odds 0.0000000001 to the billionth degree idc how low you get there is still at those odds a guarantee that some type of life is out there, and until we find it or it is publicly known my soul will never rest. If i could leave this planet on a one way ride youll be damn sure id be going on that trip, the key to life isnt just being happy its knowing were not alone and there is a bigger reason then just working for a living and making money for us to find happiness we werent built for that. Knowing that we arent alone is the ultimate happiness at least for me. The thought of meeting something else weighs heavy on my mind. The knowledge is limitless out there and a concept for us as an alphabet or newtons laws of physics wont apply at other places in the universe, The Laws and Teachings here are to help us understand in a way that we can and teach it back so we all have a universal language. I want to know of other Languages not of the earth kind, their technology and ultimately their knowledge of life. Remember knowledge is power, not just from a text book but from life itself, and our meaning of life here will not be the same out there.
