{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-08 19:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5460967.json","updb_database_id":5460967}
{tjd} Triangular collection of small lights moving South to North

At 7:59 pm on the 8th of May, I was sitting down, facing east, toward the local high school. An event was occurring at the high school, likely a sporting event. I could see the athletic center to my left across the street, where many cars were parked. My fiancee was sitting to my right, facing toward me. 
 From the South (to my right) a moving collection of pale lights/orbs in the sky caught my attention. There was no sound from the lights, and ambient local sounds were normal, such as the music from my neighbor's apartment and conversation from my fiancee. The lights moved from my right to left, at perhaps a 30 degree azimuth. Clouds were evident in the background. 
 The lights headed north, seemingly passing near or over the high school. They were in a rounded triangular formation, did not blink or pulse, and did not deviate from their positions with each other. They moved precisely together.  I would describe the effect as like soft white Christmas lights, wrapped around an unseen triangular shape, point aimed up and flat toward the ground. 
 During my viewing, I shifted my head from side to side to determine if the lights moved across my glasses and thus were possibly from vehicle lights on the road in front of me. I also moved my eyes to check if capillaries in my eyes were causing the phenomenon. I ruled out both possibilities, since the lights did not change direction, dimension, brightness, or speed during this time. 
 I lost view of formation of lights as they passed behind the trees at the apartments. They were present no more than 20 seconds. 
 It is possible that the sports event had powerful stadium lights shining onto the clouds in that particular shape, but I did not see any shift in the lights to indicate that they were reflecting from different depths or angles, such as from cloud cover. 
 Although my fiancee was within 2 meters, they were looking towards me not the sky, and did not see anything unusual.
