{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-29 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5492967.json","updb_database_id":5492967}
{cak} I witnessed what looked like a perfectly white circle hovering in the sky for about 4.5 hours.

Around 3:30 I stepped outside of my garage for a breather from the project I was working on. I looked up and saw unnatural cloud formations resulting from geoengineering that had been occurring that day. As an activist against these crimes against humanity, I always make sure to document and share the evidence of these operations. As I was documenting these insidious looking fake clouds, I noticed a perfectly circular white orb hovering way up in the atmosphere in the midst of the fake clouds. I had never seen anything like it so I kept staring. It was slowly moving west, in very methodical, controlled, and smooth movements. It would come to a complete stop for minutes at a time-then start slowly moving west again methodically. In my opinion it was being intelligently controlled. It was not a balloon just blowing around on it's own, being controlled by the wind. This thing would remain completely stationary for a while, then start moving again. I was able to get a lot of video footage of it because of how still it was remaining. My son witnessed it, my neighbor witnessed it, and even when I went to pick up my car from my mechanic, he noticed it too. So I personally met with 3 people besides myself who can confirm this sighting. When I posted these videos on social media, many others commented not only from my county saying they had seen it too, but others from around the state (San Jose, Long Beach, Riverside,) said they had seen it recently too. It had no sound, no sudden movements, it didn't disappear or dematerialize, it just hovered high up in the atmosphere for about 4.5 hours. Around 7:00 I began filming again after taking an hour off to go to the mechanic. When I had started filming again, it had made its way west towards the sun, so it was on the other side of the sky. A bunch more artificial aerosol clouds started blowing in from the ocean again around 7:30, and it was at that point that I lost sight of the object within those white "cloud" formations. I can send you the links to the videos that I took and then posted to youtube.
