{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-11 02:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107653","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5453967.json","updb_database_id":5453967}
{cak} Orange sphere

I watched an orange sphere drop from the sky and enter the water at our lake here in Monticello. It's a man made lake that was built by the corp of engineers and is called lake Cumberland. 2 Fishermen saw the exact same thing years ago when they were in their boat fishing one early morning. The only diff is they saw the orange spheres exit the water slowly after about 10 mins then they shot straight up into space in the. Link of an eye. I didnt see the one I saw last night exit. It was a perfect sphere and glowed orange. It had a bit of a flicker to it. Almost like what fire looks like from a distance. This was on fire though. There wasnt any smoke when it entered the water. I saw the same exact thing 3 yrs ago at around 1130 pm in the sky. My gf and I happened to be heading home from the office. I had to run to the office real quick to pick up some paperwork and on the way home i happen to see an orange light in the sky. I pulled over and got out to.take a pic but as soon as I raised the camera it vanished. Idk how to explain it but it was like that orange light just faded slowly until you could no longer see it. What I saw both times is the same thing that's online and some have other orange spheres coming out from it. Many times they will make a triangle shape. I didnt see any of that in person but I have seen the videos of it happening. I just know its the same exact ufos. I just want to know why it's in our lake?!? That's where our drinking water comes from as well! I understand you might not believe me because I wasnt able to include any pics. I'm just doing this to see if you have had any body else report this as well and if so if they saw anything more? My town of Monticello happens to be rt next to the infamous Daniel Boone National Forest. Its the national forest where people have just vanished without a trace and strange creepy sounds can be heard at times coming from the forest. It's the same forest where the 2 police officers drove up on some type of creature. Said said it had a muscular mans body but the head looked like a dogs. Kinda sounds like a werewolf but that's Hollywood characters. I'm thinking these cops were probably hitting the bottle on duty...lol.  I only included this in Hope's you know about the story and could give you an idea of where all this took place. I find that very hard to believe but who knows rt? All I know is what I saw 3 yrs ago and what I saw last night. You've probably already had others report the ufo last night but I just wanted to send this just in case. I wish I had photos or video to show you. It just happen so fast that I wasnt able to get parked and get my phone out in time. As I said all I saw was a perfect orange sphere drop from the sky and go into the lake. I was able to see the glow for a min as it started moving under water. it only lasted about 2-3 secs unfortunately. I understand this isnt alot to go on. I mainly just wanted to touch base with you in case you're trying to keep track of all sightings big or small. I just dont understand why it picked a small lake in a small town? As far as I know there nothing under the water. I grandad was born and raised in the hollow that's now under water. It was called horseshoe bottom. They flooded the area for the lake many years ago. Sorry I cant give you anymore info. Hope this helps at least a little.
