{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-15 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282967","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/967/mufon-5282967.json","updb_database_id":5282967}
UFO approached and hovered directly over me for about a minute and then flew away.

It was summer vacation after grade ten. I was walking from one friends house to another and cut through the field behind the local middle school. It was very early in the morning. The sky was beginning to light up, but it would still be a while until the sun rose. I saw movement above the school to my left. I looked to see what it was, and before I could finish turning my head it was directly over me. It was at an altitude of 30 feet at the absolute most. Probably less. I looked straight up at the object, expecting a helicopter or something. What I saw was triangular in shape, larger than any helicopter I’ve seen, and made absolutely no noise. It was perfectly still and silent. Just hovering directly over me. There were many lights around the perimeter of the craft, but I do not remember the colors with certainty. I’m sure there was a reddish light, and I remember there being other colors but wouldn’t want to guess on what they were. I just remember the lights moving..or flashing. My memory of the moments I spent under the craft are kind of foggy. I remember there were so many lights, and then I just remember nothing but the moving and flashing lights. After a minute or two the craft lifted straight up for about 100 feet. It was not fast as it ascended. It just sort of floated up casually. And then in less than a blink of an eye it left a streak and was miles away. It stopped for a brief moment, moved around its new area slowly, and then shot at about a 45 degree angle faster than I could ever imagine anything moving, and it was gone.
