{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1967-03-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"e05ysh","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180001,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Object paced car at 100 feet, dog reactedGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Directory
Red Hill, New Hampshire

March 3, 1967

Animal Behavior Feature:
An object paced a car at an estimated altitude of 100 feet, and at times it
seemed very close to the vehicle. A male dog traveling in the car with
its owners became 1very disturbed1 and his 1hair stood up like a bush1 (most
probably a fear reaction--jw). The initial timing of the dog1s first
reaction and the duration of the dog1s reaction are not clear. Witnesses described
the air as having an electrical quality to it.
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fellows were driving toward Sandwich, NH, near midnight.
They saw a bright white stationary light that began to 1yo-yo1, dropping below
tree level and up again, traveling with the car, and changing to a bluish-green
color. The air was described as having an electrical sparking quality, and
a motor-type sound was heard at one point.
The object followed the car for 20 minutes at an estimated altitude of
not more than 1001 above the vehicle and at times it moved in close enough
that Mrs. Fellows felt she could have touched it. It was described as
1clam-shaped1 and taller than the car. It had a brilliant light on top
(not clear if that light was the white and then blue-green color referred
to above). When the car arrived at Sandwich, the object hovered between two
church spires, then moved off to the northeast giving a ping-type electrical
charge that was felt and heard inside the car.
No EM effects were reported. Other than the electrical charge feeling,
no physiological effects were reported.
Source: The U.F.O. Investigator, Vol. III, No. 12

Original Source
