{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5286634.json","updb_database_id":5286634}
Lights in the sky

I used to go out to a old shed in the back of my house to listen to music and sing outside, one winter night in the winter of 2016 I was walking back into my house and from the front of my house looked liked a full moon in front of my house but I couldn’t get a good look at it, it’s was just behind the cover of my roof. i paid no mind to it at first really thought it was a full moon it was so bright, ignored it and sat on a old swing set we had in my back yard, i didn’t realize there was a spider in a web in the arch of the old swing set so I got spooked and walked away. My uncle lived next door to me at the time and I saw he’s shadow walking back from my house being cast on his house next door so I walked to the front to go tell him about the spiders on the swings. I had spooked him cause he didn’t see me coming i he jumped, just as I was about to talk to him he just suddenly said “whoa, what’s that!” and pointed to the sky, I was faced toward him and i can see the lights reflection in his glasses, I turned around and there was the brightest “star” I’ve seen. I did a double take back at my uncle to clarify he was seeing it too. The “star” was shining so bright blue that it was whiteish , it was sooo bright blue it was white, it was both colors. I only saw it for 2seconds before it turned toward the East and what looked like to me like a “time warped” it literally vanished before our eyes and it had left a light tail behind it. We were so stunned of what we just witnessed. We both never seen everything like it ever before we both wouldn’t of believed it with we both didn’t see the same thing. We were frozen in those spots after the sighting talking about the possibilities of life in the universe for literally hours after that , the sighting happened round 11 and the next thing I knew it was 3am from.
