{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-10-31 02:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2734","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5549634.json","updb_database_id":5549634}
Descent.

We were on a pond in Brussels, fishing out of our boat when my wife Priscilla noticed something we thought to be a jet plane in the sky. Then we just kept on fishing, but as it got closer we noticed that it didn't look quite right. Its stanged disc shape was unkown to us and it just kept coming closer and closer. It descended, brushed into a patch of trees by the pond, the hit the water. Because of its windows we could see something inside, but it was unclear as to what it was. Apparently, it was very hot because when it touched the water steam began to rise up fogging up the windows and making it difficult to see inside. Our dog was in the boat with us and barked uncontrollably during the whole event. When I tried to calm him, he bit my hand, which he has never done before. The waves immitted from the impact capsized our boat and sent us overboard. At that point there was much confusion, and I was dissy. My wife admitted to being dizzy as well. After a minute or two, the craft had lifted out of the water and flown back into the air. My dog drowned, and dead fish came to the surface. Birds nearby in the trees were flying overhead in large numbers. I was very afraid during the whole event, and felt somewhat out of my body. It was extremely surreal, and as it left I began to fell sick, a feeling my wife later said she felt as well. Being in the water with so much chaos I just lost sight of the craft, and I don't know how, but when I looked up onlyafter a few seconds, which felt like hours, it was gone. However, the strange stand most unexplainable event occured after my wife and I had swam ashore. Lyingon the edge of the pond i found a burnt limb of some sort, but w
