{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-14 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3141,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5508634.json","updb_database_id":5508634}
most amazing scarything ever

Ok so I was talking to my girlfriend on the phone in florida while watching the persieds meteor shower which I watch ever year. This thing which I first thought to bee a shooting start droped from space and it looked just like a meteor but then is wen the crazyness happend. The meteor or so I thought never dimmed and dissapeared but hovered for 1 - 2 seconds and took a straigh path from the north west to the north east. Im not 100% on the direction of nw n ne because i just moved here and am a little disoriented with north south east and west. Just moved from florida so it will take sum time. The object in question was a bright white almost start like. It went from 0 to the rediciouls speed so quick... It was the most amazing thing yet scary thing I have ever seen. The rate at which it accerlated was insane. It didn't fly across the sky I would say it floated because the way it was moving. Every single night I lay outside and stargaze. I no what a jet, helicopter, satalite ect look like and how they move along with milatary aircraft as I was in the army for about 2yrs till I was injured. I also have an app that tells satalites above head by gps fix. There were no satalites around at the time. I saw probably 6 satalites after that and they did not fall from the sky like a shooting star, stop.. And haul ass. Please if there is something besides a ufo that can do that let me no. I lost site of the UFO after my view was obstructed by trees and buildings. My cell reception was cutting in and out while I saw it and my gf said that well this will sound funny but she said it sounded like I was about to have an orgasm cuz only words that were coming out of my mouth were "oh my god, what the f**k" then i started getting in "what the hell did I just see" I am 100% POSITIVE that what I saw was nothing man made from this earth it was defanitly of ET origin. I don't no what else to say, this happend a lil bit ago and I have not been able to find the words to describe what I saw till now. Thanks for your time and I hope to get a response from you because I no what I saw and I no it was UFO NOT OF THIS WORLD! Thank you for your time, I appricate what you guys do for people like me that see this stuff and instantly think who do I tell, no one is going to believe what I saw...... Sorry for all the mis spellings im still a little shooken up and im not 100% sure of the tie time I just no ive never seen something like that ever and every night that is clear im outside laying and looking up.
