{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-10-21 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5291634.json","updb_database_id":5291634}
contact with the alien, rather friendly and led to multiple encounters later.

a group of friends saw an erratic light that was very strange in its behavior. It made multiple changes in directions as no plane could. The object then came closer and the erratic flight path continued. The ship did come near before flying directly overhead at an altitude of a few hundred feet. The underside of the craft was amazing in its reflectivity and the seeming patterns of the light that was reflected. The ship was silent as it passed overhead. after passing overhead there was a loud noise. A seeming boom of mechanical noise. There was a bright light and something seemed to descend from the craft. The larger craft apparently descended behind a hill although the smaller unit was closer. The groups of friends were then engaged by the Aliens. It was about ten minutes after the encounter began. All the friends can agree on what happened up to this point. After this personal contact was made then the missing time began as well as differing accounts of what happened next. 
  After much memory repression having been conquered, I can say that we did meet them and were led to the ship. We were given medical test while we were there. The medical equipment they used is now familiar to our surgeons. I can recall they probed my stomach. They used a probe that was inserted in through my nose. This probe scared me as it made a noise that I mistook for them driving the probe into my brain ( It was hard not to be a little dramatic). I freaked out pretty bad and that disturbed them.
 After we were released before the sunrise, None of us could remember what had just happened to us. All of us could recall what happened up to making contact with the entity. but after the memory of the ship landing not one of us could recall.
