{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-18 05:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9142","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5548634.json","updb_database_id":5548634}
Multiple satellite-like objects appear to share the same orbit

At approximately 05:01 CST my friend and I stepped outside and spotted at least nine satellites that appeared to orbit in two loose (think constellation-sized) formations moving from the eastern horizon to the west. There is significant light pollution in Tyler, and the satellites were visible between the clouds. There were so many objects that I initially thought the objects were stars and that the clouds were moving instead of the objects. One formation appeared to be in a roughly triangular configuration, and the other looked like what I'm calling a "medium" dipper. They were not terribly far apart, and could actually have both been small parts of an even larger formation. I call the objects satellites because that is what they most closely resemble: small, steady points of light, moving silently across the sky a few hours before dawn. I was able to confirm the objects' motion against background stars, and if I recall correctly, stars were visible between individual objects. According to heavens-above.com, there was to be "nothing" brighter than a +4.5 magnitude satellite (I understand that their listing is incomplete, without many classified satellites as well as boosters, etc., but chances are, if you can see a satellite in urban skies, it's listed.) going in that direction in that part of the sky. The dimmest objects had to have been a +2 magnitude to be visible at all in the cloudy, light-polluted sky. They were over our heads and behind us in a matter of minutes. Following closely behind the cluster was a much brighter object that had an orange tint to it (think Lacrosse). This could be a manmade debris field in a low orbit, but from what? An NRO satellite was launched a little more than a week before the date of this sighting. Please let me know your thoughts, and thank you for taking a look at my report.
