{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5478634.json","updb_database_id":5478634}
{cak} something stuck a needle deep in my face under cheek bone

I was playing inside a ditch on the edge of the woods. While inside the ditch there is a ledge and my chest was facing the inner wall of the ditch and I could see my back yard ground level. Stepping sideways along the ledge I suddenly but "slowly" became paralyzed. I couldn't move my eyes or body and had the ability to keep standing upright. Seconds after a needle in which I could feel and hear it digging into my face. The whole time this was happing I was trying to move. After a minute,I was able to regain my movement to jerk my head away from the needle. After that I felt my face and there was no blood or pain. I didn't look behind me or around. I simply got out of the ditch and walked back home. I didn't know about aliens in 1987 and so I was confused to what just happened to me. There are also other peoples stories about the woods, I learned many years later about an Alien that wondered around in the woods. My brother told me years later about his story of seeing an alien standing behind a tree near the ditch as he was walking closer to the ditch and was able to run away. My mom was warned about something in the woods when we moved into the new house and was told not to go into the woods. Since then my memory of the event left me to wonder what happened to me. Now its 2017 and I'm hearing microwave frequency in my new area for about a year and nobody else can hear the frequency but me. Its very organized and must be advanced military technology microwave auditory. I'm thinking that the needle procedure was an alien implant. I believe that the alien implant is able to pick up microwave frequency from the military by "accident" just like an antenna. This had led me to think that I truly have an alien implant deep in my face just under the cheek bone.   I would like to be interviewed.
