{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5505634.json","updb_database_id":5505634}
{rjl} Blimp like object moving 300 feet above a small town main street causing dogs to bark in the middle of the night.

It was a hot night and we didn't have air conditioning. My parents were asleep so I snuck out to lay in the cool sand of a construction site next to our house. Arcadia is a small city that stretches along the main road for about a mile or so. My house was on a hill at the end of the road, enabling me to clearly observe most of the city. I enjoyed looking at the lights of the city in the cool night breeze, and as I sometimes did, I was standing in the cool sand and looked down at the city lights. As I was doing this, I perceived that dogs were barking at the far edge of town. I didn't think anything of it until I realized that the barking was slowly getting louder and closer. This caused me to pay a little more attention and as I looked down at the city I saw a small patch of sky that was darker then the surrounding sky. As I watched, I noted that this dark patch was maybe 300 feet above Main St, and coming straight at me moving slowly. I didn't see any lights and couldnt make out the shape until the thing was maybe 100 yards from my position. I began to hear a low 1rum1rum1rum noise coming from it. As the road it was following ended at a 1T1 it turned instantaneously to its left and I could finally see its shape, it looked like a blimp, and maybe a third of the way up it had a row of very dim shimmery round lights. It was somehow hard to see, yet I could clearly make out the shape. It moved on to my right until it went out of site behind a large hill. At that point I couldnt hear it anymore. I never saw it again, but it just occurred to me that maybe 2 years prior to this sighting, a saw a meteor fly over my house so low that we could hear a loud burning roar as it passed almost directly overhead. The shape I saw was going in roughly the same direction, no idea if they are connected.
