{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-24 12:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5284634.json","updb_database_id":5284634}
I was outback Observing what look like jets flying back-and-forth leaving cloud trails. And I noticed an actual jet with a very thin trail behind..I

Standing in my backyard and a very beautiful day very sunny. And I noticed a lot of clouds in the sky but I don’t think they were clouds they looked like chemical trails and I noticed a jet flying in One Direction and another one flying in a different direction like they were making these cloud trails with intention. I don’t know so I was observing this and out of the corner of my eye I saw some thing black and I thought at first it was a bird but it was not flapping its wings and as I look closer… I realized it was a solid object looking like no bird and it was dark in color. And then I noticed a second one. And it seem to be moving slow both of them but their movement was just really odd nothing like a bird or a balloon so I got my camera out and started recording until I could no longer see them. They went behind some trees in my backyard. I recorded and I did enhance their video to take screenshots of close and I noticed a glowing like a fuzzy line around each of UAP. I am an avid Sky watcher. I have seen things in the past and haven’t been able to get it on video or would I have gotten on video I didn’t feel confident enough to report and what I was seeing. But this is different it was broad daylight and something came over me and excitement in the calmness all at once. don’t mind my video recording I’m not very good at those but I did film on an iPhone 12 pro. What I did was pause the video to blow up the two images because they are hard to see in the video. I think it will help you point out the UAP if you see the screenshots
