{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-17 17:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520634","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/634/mufon-5520634.json","updb_database_id":5520634}
in the No. by N.W. direction from disney land I noticed 2 flashing objects in a dangerously close proximity just after 5 pm

At approx 5:15 P.M. on 2/17/2012 I was bar-b-q ing in my back yard, in the vicinity of harbor blvd and Chapman ave in Anaheim,Ca. I was facing west towards Harbor blvd. when I happen to look to my right which would be in a north by north east direction, at which time I noticed 2 objects with very bright flashing lights at what appeared to be within a couple hundred ft. of each other, judging from their distance to me. They were moving in the same general direction towards the east. the sun was setting so it was hard to discern an exact shape, but appeared to be oval. One of the craft was a little ahead and just above the other and traveling what seemed as together. When literally in a few flashes of the lights the top one had "jumped"several hundred feet head faster then the eye could follow.then is resumed its very slow course of flight. immediately after the rear vehicle strobed faintly as it changed directions instantly going backwards and up at about a 60 degree angle for a little less then a thousand feet and without slowing down ricocheted downward for about the same distance then it squiggled like a pin ball as it flew in the direction of the other vehicle for about 15/20 sec. Then they both stopped moving in a linear direction and hovered. The top vehicle didnot hover in one spot, in fact it would be in one spot one second, flash and pop up in another spot instantly in up/down and angled directions at different distances. sometimes the lights seemed to flash and roll and change colors, and sometimes the lights would strobe at varying brightnesses like an arc welder. That vehicle at one time froze in place and ejected a much smaller object that bounced around like a pin ball then hovered for a few seconds then sped off in a westerly direction in an erratic acceleration and decceleration and zig zag pattern no terrestrial aircraft is capable of. the vehicle that was behind and below ( what I will call) the pirmary vehicle, moved up/down left/right across such large distances you almost couldnt tell it was the same one. It eventually ricocheted and strobed away also towards the west like a stone skipping across a pond at a mezmerizing speed. The brightest/largest craft hovered mostly laterally, sometimes vanishing then reappearing instantly in another spot without being able to follow it from one point to another, other times you could easily follow its movement. After a couple of minutes it moved up and in a northerly direction. One second it was there the next it was gone. from my vantage point it seemed to be between disneyland and Cal State Fullerton. When I first saw them my first reaction was aircraft dangerously to close to one another. It didnot appear as though they were a greater distance apart. eventhough that is often the case whereby the line of sight only gives the illusion one is closely above the other. And after they flew forwards and backwards and all the other stuff I knew it wasnt a couple of incompetent or unfortunate pilots. And by the way whats up with the unmarked black helicopters hovering very high all over orange county especially over the honda center and Angel stadium? And its almost always when nothing is going on in either of them, and its always after 10pm to 3 or 4am! Well thats it hope some one else has more info or pictures I didn't have a camera, I loaned it out. Thanx a million
