{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-27 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484956","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74842","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/956/mufon-5484956.json","updb_database_id":5484956}
{jpg} Two very bright star-like objects appear suddenly in the night sky. They slowly move closer together then dim out completely and simultaneously.

I'm at my sister's house with some friends, when a few of us step outside to smoke. I immediately notice chemtrails in the sky and point them out. One minute later, a small plane appears over our heads, and I then noticed a flash of light appear just ahead of the small plane, and asked the person standing next to me if he had seen the flash. He said he did notice it. Right after that, two very bright star-like objects appear in the sky looking NE. They were near each other. I have no idea how close they were to each other. I believe they were maybe a mile or two from us and they were just above the tree line at slightly different heights. They were bright and they appeared suddenly. It was like someone turned on two huge spotlights in the sky. I noticed right away, and so did everyone else. We all watched as the objects moved slowly closer together before dimming out completely and simultaneously. That lasted about two minutes. I became very anxious and agitated. I stayed outside for a few more minutes, while everyone else went back inside. Small planes which were numerous before the sighting, were all gone. Quiet sprayed sky and cold is all that remained. I had a feeling that the objects knew they were being observed. I had a very strange dream later which involved me lying on a table in a room with others present. A woman who looked like one of my teachers from elementary school, was standing over me. She smiled then she touched my forehead and stroked my face, causing me to giggle like a little kid. I felt like I was five years old again. She did it again. This time I laughed, but I felt older and a little aroused. When she attempted to touch me again, I grabbed her hand and yelled "Get off me!" I pushed her away and fell off the table. I struggled with someone on the floor for maybe ten seconds and woke up in a sweat.
