{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-21 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286956","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/956/mufon-5286956.json","updb_database_id":5286956}
I was looking out my North facing window in my apartment when I saw several lights going several different directions..

I had been talking to my girlfriend on the phone at around 9:45pm when I observed at first two lights (white-yellow star like..as if a light was facing my direction) hovering around the local state hwy 15 going north out of the Minnesota River Valley. At night the well lit hwy is visible with dark trees and forrest on both sides. At the top of the hill to the right of the hwy (but from my perspective to the left because the hwy curves up the hill) is a cell phone tower as another point of reference. I had assumed thet were helicopters and I surmised that there could be an accident or a manhunt or something that would call for multiple helicopters in one place. Shortly after another bright blue-white light rose slowly out of or just to the north of the treeline (there's fields on the other side of the valley treeline) and was below the first two. I was still talking to my girlfriend and describing what i was seeing where slowly the light to the upper left moved slowly up and towards the north west as if following the valley line. It appeared to be roughly 500 feet above the cell tower (cell tower tracking lights were the standard red in the middle and flashing red at the top) and the second light... Apparently brighter or slightly larger seemed to be emitting red to yellow to gold to white star like light slowly started to move to the east still about the same distance to the treeline. The last light that appeared (blue white) then still just above the treeline and below the other two winked out. That's when I decided that they weren't helicopters or flares or something like that. Shortly after, the one going North west following the river valley winked out (at maybe over a thousand feet) and then the last remaining light started to gain altitude and continue to move gently east and perhaps south over the valley. As I watched it eventually also winked out at probably just before 10:00pm or so. By this point I was excited and talking to my girlfriend about what it could be and trying to reason out what i was seeing. Eventually we hung up after saying goodnight and I continued to watch the area. At about 10:25 or so i saw briefly another Bright blue-white star like light rise out of the treeline almost exactly in the spot and distance of the earlier third light to appear. It lasted about 45 seconds and winked out like someone shutting off a flashlight.
