{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-06 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5489311.json","updb_database_id":5489311}
{nd} 4:30am-6am multiple orbs flew above 4 of us. I experienced an intense high frequency energy at one point. The brightest orb moved across the sky and hovered there for hours, which we got a video of.

Me, and 3 friends had camped in a state park just outside of San Marcos Texas. We had been up all night. Before any events happened, that night around 10pm, 2 of us observed a single strike of dry lightening. Neither of us had ever seen this before. There were very little clouds in the sky.

We first observed a object directly above us, moving in a straight line, it had absolutely no blinking lights, and it was a single white-greyish orb. We saw it move diagonally, as well as wiggling side to side while moving in a straight line forward. It did several loops above us, extremely high in the atmosphere. It then headed towards Austin (N/NE) and out of sight across the horizon. It then returned moments later and continued doing loops above us. 

At this time we saw a orange orb, moving slower than the rest moving in a straight line across the sky. 

Another white-greyish orb joined, the two white orbs traveling directly towards one another, they moved diagonally around each other at the last second. As well, a white orb skipped across the sky about the distance of a fingernail. It flashed and then it was in a different spot.

we saw 4-5 objects over the course of an hour and a half, all the while, we are losing our minds at seeing this spectacular show above us. I was literally brought to my knees.

What made us notice the object was it's peculiar path, zero blinking lights, and then we were hooked, as soon as we payed attention to it, we realized this was not normal physics.

We thought it was a plane for a split second, before we saw it's movements.

There were also multiple shooting stars at this time, including two "parallel shooting stars" which i don't think sounds very likely they were shooting star;)

We saw the object traveling, then hover, we saw objects disappear into a flash of light as well. 
Part of the sky seemed to a be different color, for some reason, I think sometimes there are larger ships in our atmosphere reflecting the sky back down onto us, during the perfect conditions of course.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

At this point it gets subjective for me. When the 1st object left, then came back and hovered above us, i looked up at it. I stared into it. I sat there and got the feeling more than one of something was looking back at me. I got a intense energy wave... Usually when I feel energy it starts in my toes or feet like normal, but this started in my spine. A intense energy shot up my spine and into my brain, and I felt a "energy bursting" feeling, which I can describe as a great energy build up then dispersing it quickly, almost with a feeling of relief.

This was a very intense moment for me, as we had been sitting out in nature explaining the nature of the universe and how thoughts worked for humans. I have seen other ufos in the area during the 16 years I have lived here, and many looked similar to what I saw the other night.

Finally, there was a orb brighter than the rest that traveled across the sky at around 5:45am, and hovered in the north, it was as bright as the sun. we got 3 videos on 2 phones, as this was the only orb bright enough to catch on film.

It hovered there for many hours, even up when we left the camp. It was so bright it flared in my eyes during the night, and in the video it flares. In the video you can also see how it goes from being incredibly bright to, fading out and not being there, only to come back.

We lost sight of the objects over the course of the night from tree cover and from moving across the horizon, or disappearing into a flash of light. The last orb, we never lost sight of though.

Excuse the audio and the quality of the video, but this is the best we got.
[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
