{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-25 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5511311.json","updb_database_id":5511311}
{dr}2 Silent UFO Disc/Spheres Tailing Noisy CH-53 Super Stallion Helicopter & 4 Much Smaller Entity Orbs Near My House Turn Up in Evening Photo of U.S.-Govt UFO-Hunter Chopper

In the wake of sending a phone-text message in the afternoon to friends about a big U.S.-government CH-53 Super Stallion helicopter that flew at low altitude (approx 200 ft) past my Stratford Hills neighborhood in Richmond, Virginia at 1:47 p.m. heading east-to-west up the James River toward the Blue Ridge Mountains where so many UFOs are being reported, including MUFON case 46914 submitted by two campers on Masanutten Mountain near New Market, VA who saw an 1erratically1 flying UFO that was chased by a military jet fighter on Saturday, April 20, 2013, I heard another noisy Super Stallion coming later that evening (April 25) which gave me enough time to grab my Canon PowerShot A550 digital camera and take a photo of the second Super Stallion as it passed at similar low altitude and direction at 8:10 p.m. just before sundown. I did not see anything unusual when I took the photo, although I was paying closer attention to the chopper, but after downloading the pic to my computer I noticed four whitish orb entities that appeared to be hovering between my house and my next-door neighbor1s house (Brian & Amy). Then upon close scrutiny of the photo I also noticed two small red UFO spheres at higher altitude that appeared to be tailing behind the government helicopter (the hunters being hunted, etc.). Then when I cropped and enlarged one of the red UFO spheres I discovered how it actually was a whitish-pinkish UFO sphere that appeared to be encased in a pinkish-violet disc that featured a dark-red line that ran perfectly horizontal across the entire length of the E.T. craft. For strictly comparative purposes, the UFO actually resembled a giant eye in the sky with an horizontal pupil. The two small reddish-pink-violet UFO disc-spheres tailing above and behind the government helicopter should not be confused with the single red FAA light on the side of the helicopter thats readily visible in my photo. Besides the noise of the helicopter, there was no other sound and no airplanes were visible in the sky, nor were there any stars or planets visible at this time since I was facing northeast and it was not quite sundown. I am a skywatcher and know the heavens in my hemisphere. I probably could have gotten an even better photo of the helicopter and UFOs had it not been for the fact that I forgot to deactivate the flash before taking the picture, but the flash helped to illuminate my neighbor1s house (hoo rah). The outside air was perfectly dry, the camera lens was clean, and the camera always has been in good working condition without any technical problems or anomalies. After the event and discovery of the UFO spheres and orbs in my photo (the latter of which I believe could be interdimensional E.T.s or Angels, and if that statement burst anybodys bubble, you need to do more homework and keep coming back), I immediately sent a phone-text message with cropped and enlarged photos of one of the red UFO disc-spheres and the Super Stallion helicopter to my wife "P", an R.N. supervisor at a psychiatric hospital, and friends [Names removed/cms/tg] who I have been keeping informed about all of the UFO and government helicopter activity in my area which has increased substantially in the last six weeks. I have personally counted about 25 U.S.-government UFO-hunter helicopters and my friends have observed and heard choppers too (most unmarked and some painted black [black-ops, etc.]) which include CH-53 Super Stallions (most power chopper in U.S. inventory and easily capable of transporting a crashed UFO disc out of the Blue Ridge Mountains), twin-rotor CH-47 Chinooks, OH-58 Kiowa Warrior (observation/reconnaissance), and UH-60 Black Hawks which by far are the most common. These government helicopters usually fly over the James River which is a virtual east-west highway between military, CIA, and NASA bases and facilities in Tidewater Virginia and the Appalachian Mountains which are a hotbed of UFO/E.T. activity stretching up and down the rugged "backbone" of Virginia. These unusual U.S.-government UFO-hunter chopper flights also take place at all hours of the day and night, sometimes over heavily-populated urban and suburban neighborhoods, and should not be confused with standard Army National Guard and Marine Corps training flights. I know as I have relatives with NASA, Department of Homeland Security, National Security Agency, and a late uncle Army colonel who was president of the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association after serving with the famous 1st Air Cavalry Division (ala choppers in movie "Apocalypse Now") during the war in Southeast Asia. I have personally witnessed Apollo 16 lifting off from Cape Canaveral, held the famous phone that the mission controller used to speak to astronauts on the surface of the moon, and sat in the bleachers with Air Force brass and NASA engineers as an Atlas Centaur rocket blasted off the cape and carried a top-secret military satellite into orbit. Last but not least, me, my wife, and friends have seen cylindrical, spherical, and tear-drop shaped UFOs in the Richmond, VA area before and a UFO disc hovering low over the ocean off the coast of Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina that was not visible to my naked eye later turned up in a digital photo that I took from the rear of a motel where my wife and I were vacationing. See my attached photos which include cropped enlargements and a lighter image that was adjusted via color, contrast, and brightness to better show the four smaller whitish entity orbs that the camera caught hovering near the rear of my house and my neighbors house. Also, in the cropped image of the big CH-53 Super Stallion, the dark surface running horizontally beneath the chopper is the roof on the back of my neighbors house. This helps to show how low the helicopter was flying. Im also including an internet photo of a CH-53 Super Stallion like the one being tailed from above by the two reddish-pinkish-violet UFO disc/spheres since the CH-53 in my pic doesnt really do the big powerful chopper justice. And for the curious, the thing sticking out of the choppers nose, which is faintly visible in my photo, is an in-flight refueling pod in the retracted position.
