{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-14 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5286311.json","updb_database_id":5286311}
Object hovering over city of Tampa, FL

Driving in truck as a passenger, travelling West on I-4 / I-275 South interchange.
Noticed 2 lights in dark sky approx 3:45 - 3:50 a.m. hovering stationary, no sound just a large bright white light and a smaller light half the size of the other light some distance apart of each other, facing us as we drove, at first I thought it was a helicopter with various lights on it but as we drove the road we were approaching closer to this object, I noticed it was not moving at all, no rotor blades, no engine. Just hovering stationary, then seen a hazy white cloud burst downward with several blue slow pulses going through it. It did not reach the ground it only seemed to head down about half the distanced to the ground, pause briefly the start over again Roughly 5-6 times. Both driver and myself witnessed this event we were just memorized by this object. Because we were operating a Comercial vehicle on a lass than smooth roadway, I did happen to take a picture with my cell phone, realized I should have videotape the event, but I was so amazed that this was happening, I was not thinking like a investigator or a journalist, who would have, but before it started to move away I started videotape the object, it's hard to see the blue pulses, but if you look real close you can see the blue bursts. It's on my phone and maybe some one knows how to clarify the video with better equipment and technology. Personally, I waited to post this for whatever reason, but it was on my mind and wanted to share this with whomever has an interest in it. Will only share this info with a verified members on this site, if you want you can reach out to me. then maybe we can figure how to get this video to you, and see for yourself.
Thank you
