{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-31 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2928,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5513311.json","updb_database_id":5513311}
Large black triangle hovering low in the sky then slowly flew off.

It was new years eve 2012 here in Adelaide and a warm night. I was at home with my partner and toddler. It was 11:15pm and I thought that I would go outside to see the stars as it was a clear night. The night was very clear and I could see all of the stars. I was looking for satellites but couldnt see any. My partner was inside our house and came outside to look for me asking me to go back in. I said I wanted to stay for a bit longer so he went back in. I saw the moon poking through the trees on the driveway in front of our garage door. This faces East/North East. We had a rough year in 2012 so I was reflecting on the year and hoping the new year would bring more luck. Suddenly to the right of the moon I saw three small lights which looked like stars behaving in a wierd way and moving together. I instantly started calling out to my partner. Get out here now! Then there were more lights as they seemed to come towards me. They were in a pointed configuration like one point of a triangle. At this point my brain was trying to work out what I as seeing and I was still calling out for my partner to come and see it too. It was then that I realised that it wasnt just lights but the lights were at the front of an object that looked like a triangle/stealth bomber(we don't have any here in South Australia). It was hard to make out because it was black against the night sky. It blocked out some of the stars. It was hovering silently and then slowly flew off towards my right hand side. It was very low to the ground and this made it quite unnerving. I have never seen anything like this before.
Did not know about black triangle ufos until after this experience when I looked on the internet. Oh also I don't drink or take drugs thought I should add that considering it was new years eve. It looked much like a stealth bomber the front at least but there are none here, and even if there were they wouldnt be out flying on new years eve. I have always believed in UFOs but never thought when I saw one it would be so large, low to the ground and silent. Really unnerving. My partner just missed seeing it ut he said he knew I had seen something weird because he had never seen me so pale and scared. It seemed to appear out of thin air. Which made it more surprising.
