{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5506311.json","updb_database_id":5506311}
{nd} Seemed like 3 nearby orange lights flying in formation with no sound after having seen and heard a commerical airliner fly over.

Leaving my girlfriends aunt and uncles house for Thanksgiving at almost exactly 6pm this evening CST, we waved goodbye and turned to walk to the car. Overhead there was a commercial aircraft in final approach to the nearby Nashville airport, probably just under 1000 feet. As we were hearing the sound of their jets, we both looked up and saw what looked like a Southwest airlines plane. As our angle of vision fell to about 45 to 35 degrees from the zenith angle above us, my girlfriend and I both saw the glow of 3 orange/red lights in a triangular formation. At first it looked like 3 lights on the tips of what would have been a tremendous singular entity, but after 2 or 3 seconds, I decided that they were 3 separate entities flying in a formation. As they moved from the northwest to the northeast across the sky with moderate speed, a 4th, 5th and 6th light appeared to come into view from the same northwestern position, following the path and at the same speed, except that the 4th, 5th and 6th lights were in a row with considerable distance between them, like periods of ellipses with a lot of space between them. The lights themselves were a constant brightness the entire time they were visible, with a large steady broadcast rather than a pulse, blink, fireball, afterburner or alternating frequency. My first thought was that it was the Astra TR-3B at a very low altitude, but then my second thought was that it was a military helicopter formation. Upon further thought though, at that distance we should have heard some sort of noise had they been helicopters. As it moved towards the east, it passed behind some tall trees and the triangle was gone. Behind it trailed the 3 lights in a linear row, 1 of which at some point in view turned its light off and thus disappeared without seeming to change direction or leave its flight pattern. We all watched as the last of the lights faded behind the trees. I would not have filed this report except that my girlfriend googled something about lights in the sky in Nashville, and someone else had filed what sounds like this same set of circumstances but from much further east, in Hendersonville NC.
