{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-22 16:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5464311.json","updb_database_id":5464311}
{rjl} Me and my brother were driving on 290 From Houston and this object were hovering in front first a mile out disapperd kept appearing onour right side after we passed it, then a few seconds and another would appear. This happened for 11 minutes.

My brother and I were going to Thanksgiving Dinner and my brother was driving from Friendswood TX to Hockley Texas taking 290 on the last leg of our drive. It was about 4.25 pm when I noticed a long white cylinder that was hovering in front us about a mile away in a clear blue sky. It didnt look like it was moving, I mentioned that to my brother looking at him, looked back and it was gone. I told him that was weird and a few seconds later it was there again. I asked him if he could see it he said no, he was trying drive. There was alot of traffic. While talking to him I took my eyes of the object and it disappeared. I started looking around and 30 seconds it appeared in my view in the upper right side window of car about a mile out just hovering. I followed it with my eyes , turning my head and we were going 60 miles an hour we drove out of sight of it by it falling out of sight . 
Then a few seconds, maybe 10 seconds later it was back on the right side again in the upper front. I would follow it with my eyes and turning my head for us to drive past again as it was hovering in place.
This happens a couple more times with 10 seconds to a minute going by until it would appear again. The last time it happened before I started taking pictures, I asked my brother do you see it rolling down window, it was about a 1/2 mile this time, looked like a white cylinder with a strip down the middle. 
He said he sees something and I got my phone out and started taking pictures. I have pictures that cover a 11 minute stretch with one 16 second video. 
When we arrived at our destination, I mentioned the strange occurrence but I did not pull up pictures as we started visiting right away with family.
It wasnt until I got home that I looked at the pictures and was surprised I had caught the objects in my pics. What also was important is there are more than 1 in a few pics, but I only had seen one, while clicking away and seeing only one. 
When I magnified one of the pictures it looks like 2 objects flying together with some type of bright propulsion system. I am adding the pictures with my report. 
I have more pics to.
