{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-26 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5469311.json","updb_database_id":5469311}
{jpg} Saw blinking light in sky that pulsated in an unorganized pattern that seemed to get brighter and closer once we noticed it. It then flashed away leaving a blue streak behind it.

Me and my three room mates were backpacking in the South Jackson Mountain Wilderness area in Nevada. The first night we were camped fairly close to the dirt road where we left our car so we decided to do a night time hike back to the car to get some more supplies. As we reached the car, one of my room mates pointed at the sky in complete shock. We all finally looked and saw a bright flashing light moving across the sky. At first we thought it was a satellite or plane but upon further evaluation and observation we came to the realization that either of those two options were borderline impossible. The reason for this conclusion came from watching this object change direction, change its flight path, change its brightness intensity almost as if it was looking at us or noticing us as we began to flash our lights at it. This strange behavior continued for another minute or so before the object faded out again from one of its flashes and then instantly streaked miles across the sky leaving behind it a neon blue streak moving at speeds I have never seen before. The strangest part of this whole encounter was the emotional connection felt with the object. Not only did it seem to notice and look at us once we started flashing it with our head lamps, but once the blue flash happened everyone either started tearing up or staring blankly out of pure shock. Obviously this was a reality shaking event so the emotions felt are pretty explainable but there was something about noticing the light and it staring right back at us that left us all very unnerved for the rest of the night. After the blue streak, the light blinked possibly two more times headed in the same direction it was previously headed and faintly and simply just disappeared.
