{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5524311.json","updb_database_id":5524311}
A luminescent light hovered 100 feet from us. After 10 minutes or so it shot off into space.

At about 1 a.m., I went to meet with a friend in a field in back of the house. While talking with him on the edge of a line of trees, a lime green florescent light came down from behind us in the adjacent field. Since our backs were to it and didn't see it arrive, we knew something was amiss when everything around us became light and shadows started being cast. We looked at each other in wonder and turned around to see an object a couple of hundred feet across hovering about 50 feet off the ground. We were only about a hundred feet from it. We couldn't take our eyes off of it. After about a minute we turned to each other without any words as if to say, "Are you seeing what I'm seeing?". We both nodded our heads in agreement and turned back to the object and just kept staring. Only thing I could think was that neither of us could identify it. All we could do is look at it. I studied it in awe. It was a solid object because the hill and everything on the other side of it wasn't visible any longer. It didn't have any observable shape to it. The light obscured the object to the point where the light itself seemed to become more dense the closer it was to the object. I couldn't see through the light to see the object. Like the object itself emitted solid light which became translucent/transparent the further it got from the UFO. It was a super bright florescent green light. At ground level, it literally turned night into day. There weren't any clouds at all. It was a clear starry night. The object didn't make any sound. And, when it approached, all the crickets and night bugs went silent. It was total silence. There wasn't even a breeze. The object just hovered motionless about 50 feet off the ground. We stood there in front of it for what seemed 10 minutes. And then it shot up into the sky at about an 80 degree angle to the right, what looked to be 10 miles in the blink of an eye. Like a tracer round fired from a gun. That quick. It stopped for one second and was a small point of light, leaving a 'trail of light' still green in color. It then shot off to the left perfectly horizontal a couple of inches (another 10 miles?), stopped for another second leaving the 'tracer light', and shot off again at another 80 degree angle to the right disappearing into outer space. The crickets started chirping. We stood there and discussed what just happened for about a half hour and went home. Funny thing is.... which has always troubled me, when I got back to the house, the sun was beginning to come up. Missing time. Another thing is, for a couple of weeks after, I felt what seemed to be something up my nose. So, one night I decided to get it out. I could feel something about 1 1/2" up in my nasal cavity. I took a Q-tip and started messing with my nose. It felt like a rock, or a blood clot up there, a blockage of some kind. Well, I dislodged something and as I removed the Q-tip, a hard arrowhead shaped thing fell into the sink with a clink. I picked it up and looked at it. It was black, shaped like an arrowhead with little barbs on the downward parts of it. It was only two or three millimeters across. It slipped out of my fingers and I lost it down the bathroom sink drain. Well, my nose hurt and bled a little bit. I don't know what it was.
  What I would like to know is, has anyone ever reported something else like this? An implant up the nose kind of thing? I've read the stories of missing time, but not really anything about foreign objects found after a sighting. Just curious. I was reading in the KC newspaper about a rash of sightings in the area and it brought back all the memories of my sighting. I did see it with another person, so I know I wasn't crazy. And I've got another question.
  Since this thing was only about 50 feet off the ground, could it have left 'radiation/element' traces or markers that could be picked up from the ground today? I would be more than willing to take anyone out to the location. I suppose I have some unresolved issues with my experience. The whole missing 6 hours of my life is a big one too. It's the not knowing part.
