{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-11-15 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493311","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/311/mufon-5493311.json","updb_database_id":5493311}
{jpg} Object in sky looked like a merior falling, made a triangular pattern, and went back up into space.

While at the great lakes naval training facility and attending boot camp, I saw what I am about to describe in Nov. of 1966. 
While standing outside around 5:30 AM, in line for the chow hall, I was looking up at the sky which was very clear and it seemed like a lot of stars were out. 
I noticed what seemed to be a meteorite going from my right to my left, and as my eyes shifted to follow it, it wasn't there. I shifted my eyes back to the area to my right and noticed what looked like a slightly brighter star in the area that I had last seen the meteor. I was just looking at that when it went off across the sky to my left at an amazing speed and stopped in an instant. I said something about it to a few of the closest guys to me, and they looked up in the area where it was. Then it went from left to right about the same distance it had gone from right to left, but was further away from where I first observed it. It stayed in place for a short period, and then came back to near the first place I saw it. Then it went up, like a meteor going in a reverse direction, until it was out of sight. 
What I observed made like an elongated triangle, made four stops, traveled at an amazing speed, and could stop in an instant. The stops may have been for app. 4-5 sec. each, and what I observed was probably around 30 sec., give or take a second or two. 
I didn't report it at the time! Figured I would still be locked up in a padded cell, or they would have thought I was trying to get out of the service. 
One interesting thing I found out later in a Readers Digest article: there was supposedly a team of UFO experts at that facility when I was there.?? 
I don't know what I saw that morning, but I don't think it was ours!
