{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-07-20 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3335,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5481896.json","updb_database_id":5481896}
{dr}Huge moon-like object in woods on ground, raised up, dissapeared, reappeared like falling star into huge moon-like object

My friend and I were hunting (spot lighting raccoons)in the river bottom off 103W between Lufkin and Crockett, right next to the river. We were staying the night at his Grandparents house. We were in a large field, maybe 20+ acres, surrounded by old growth woods and with small pines in the center. We were driving my friend's truck inside the perimeter fence. I was shining the light out the passenger window in the truck, up and down trees trying to see raccoon's eyes, when my friend said "turn off that light". Up ahead at ground level the woods were lit up, and we suggested that maybe his cousins were coming in the jeep(although it was not moving) to hunt with us. While we sat and watched, the light rose up fairly quickly to above the treetops, and it appeared to be the moon - only huge. It was very scary and my friend turned the truck around and drove with the intention of leaving. When we got to the other side, headed toward the entry gate to the field, I told him to stop and asked "where did it go", as it was no longer in sight. While we sat there looking out the front wind shield into a cloudless sky, it reappeared just like a falling star that did not burn out, but fired directly at us, immediately growing huge once again. It startled us so much, that I begin to raise the shotgun at my side. My friend slapped it back down and said, "No, don't shoot it", and attempted to back up, but he popped the clutch too fast and the truck died. He restarted it and took off backwards. As we were backing toward the river, I told him to stop. The object did not move again, and in every way appeared as the moon, although very huge and bright. If anyone saw it at this point, they would only have said, Wow, look how big and bright the moon is. We sat only for a minute or two, and then he drove off toward the entrance. When we went through the gate and started into the woods, I looked back through the rear window and it was still not moving. But, as I realized only later, that it could not have been all that high, because we actually passed under it. My friend and I have discussed this event over and over throughout the years, and I have given it much thought. I have no idea what we saw, but it certainly was not the moon. I believe that it could even be human descendants of a culture with new and different technologies and abilities to create magician-like optical illusions to be able to hide in plain sight. Maybe illusions like those bomb worshipers in planet of the apes. I only know that we both saw the same thing and discussed it as it happened, and it most definitely was unexplainable.
