{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-06-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25610","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5529896.json","updb_database_id":5529896}
appeared as, large bright star light with rotating lights about the middle. Color was red and bluish-green. Observed smaller orangish exit from bottom of object.

My wife and I and an older women who was into the UFO phenonmenon were returning to the latter's home that summer night in 1973. This women, we will call her Marge noticed this light off in the distance ( very difficult to estimate distance when the sky is pitch black). She then turned off onto a sidestreet just as we were about to enter the outskirts of the city of Idaho Falls. I recall there were new housing sites in the process of being built.

She drew our attention to this "light," which was clearly visible, but at a distance in the sky. It was peculiar as I had just gotten out of the US Air Force and never seen anything quite like this, which remained stationary in the sky. Some minutes later as we were watching, several 4 or 5 smaller lights of a somewhat orange color were seen exiting from the bottom of the light (object). 

We watched for I guestimate 4 or 5 minutes and suddenly the smaller lights
which looked like "fireflies" returned into the object. Marge said these were returning to the "mother" ship? the experience (siting) got even alittle stranger as she flashed her high and low headlight beams on and off. Lo and behold, the rotating lights responded in perfect sync. We continued to watch for approx one-half hour and started back. I happened to notice that there was a bright, red ball followed us home. It appeared exactly like a red airport beacon. Marge lived in a home overlooking the local airport, and I saw the same red light hovering over the airport, we then went to bed.
