{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2734,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5485896.json","updb_database_id":5485896}
Unknown ball of light traveled through sky, stopped, grew to basketball size, then vanished, at night with friends

My friends and I were out behind my home, playing a game in the dark where we use a flashlight to find each other, kind of like hide and seek but in the dark. By the time of the sighting, only one other friend was still outside with me, while the rest went back inside as the temperature was getting pretty chilly. We were both standing between two bushes in the garden behind the house, looking out at the stars, since my friend would soon be leaving town to move to a larger community and this was essentially our goodbye for the next little while. 

I initially noticed the object, since the paranormal has been a large part of my life and anything unusual in the sky will immediately get my notice. More so, I'm used to how the sky looks behind my home, and this didn't match the regular stars in the sky.

When I first noticed the object, it looked like a star, except it was travelling northwards at a slow pace, which obviously stars don't do. Soon, I realized it wasn't a star, or a satellite, because as soon as it reached directly in front of us, it stopped. I pointed this out to my friend, who seemed transfixed on the object, and as I turned back to look at it, it blinked and grew to the size of a basketball, if I held it out as far as I could with one hand. I was suddenly very afraid, but I couldn't move my eyes away from the object. I was seeing a UFO, after all, something I had always wanted (next to a Bigfoot sighting or sea serpent, at least at the time). 

After what seemed like 4 or 5 minutes, the object vanished, or blinked away, as it disappeared from our sight completely. There was no trace left behind, and it hasn't been seen in the same part of the sky since.

My friend initially confirmed what we had seen the night of the sighting, but within a few days vehemently denied seeing the same thing as me, and continues to to this day. I know exactly what I saw in the sky, and while I admit that I was scared of being abducted as I went to bed that night, I wish I could see it again.
