{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-19 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42243","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5515896.json","updb_database_id":5515896}
{dr}nightly since 8-19-12. Do Not Allow this to become a media circus! Dont want them to leave!

I was out walking my dog. Looked up. Saw what appeared to be an aeroplane. But then it occured to me that it wasnt moving. It was hovering. I asked them (the Star Visitors) to please not leave while I walked to the north end of the parking lot where I could sit on the wall.
I received a message, "Were not going anywhere. We are here for you."
I am handicapped therefore, it took me a few moments to reach the point where the wall was low enough that I could sit on it. I did so. I continued to observe the object while it flashed (pulsed) different colored lights. The background light was white.
I proceeded to telepathically communicate with the occupants of the craft.
When I grew tired (again because of my health problems)I thanked them for allowing me the sheer joy of seeing them. I consider it a miracle! I then went back inside. 
The initial sighting was in confirmation to a channeling I had received. The ship as been showing in the night skies ever since. Sometimes in the western direction and sometimes in the northern direction. They have a sense of humor. Sometimes, when I think they are not around (when I take my dog out), I will sit on the wall and pray (recite mantras). When I get tired I will decide to go in. When I arise, low and behold, there they are "behind" me, flashing their lights as though they are laughing. I sense joy within them. They "love" us (at least that has been my experience).
Ive noticed when there are alot of people around they power down their lights and appear like a star or planet. The casual observer would not know the difference.
When I am outside alone, they are closer, appearing like a golf ball in size and they amp up their lights allowing me to experience the joy (not unlike a childs)of the beautiful sight of them and testiment to the truth of their existence.
How shameful it is that our government denies their existence. Theyve known for many, many years now of our space brothers and sisters.
We are a Cosmic Family!
