{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-21 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5548896.json","updb_database_id":5548896}
Red binking light that changed to white light and flared very birght a few times

I was coming home from the movies heading down RT 44 in Lake county going south when I noticed a red blinking light to my right. At first I thought it was just a cell phone tower till we came to a clearing in the trees and it was a little to high for a tower. I watched the red blinking light till we get to the light to turn onto Rt 90 going east. When we reached the stop light, the red blinking light then turned into two three lights,. It looked like three small lights, red, wight and blue, but my husband said it wasn1t blue that he thought it was green. The lights just stayed still in the air, that is when I thought it might be a helicopter. My husband then turned on the entente ramp to the highway and I figured I would never see it again. I watched as we drove out of it1s view. I was amazed at what I saw and stared repeatedly looking for it. Withing a minuted it came into vew again and was now heading down Rt 90 east. As I watched it, it was now just the red light again, then it changed to a bright white light. It was now moving very fast and almost caught up with the car and I thought it was going to fly right over us, then the light flared and became very bright for a second, I watched it the whole way home. My husband was looking at it from the rear view when we saw it flare again. We reached our exit and stopped at the stop sing. I couldn1t believe it, but the light also stopped. As we turned off the ramp onto the road I watched the light, it had stopped and was just sitting there in the sky, I could now see the red light again with the white. I took a drive back up to the highway about 30 min later to see if it was still there and it was gone. I need to know what that was. Was it a helicopter or a UFO. Please let me know.
