{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2951,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5289896.json","updb_database_id":5289896}
The plants on the shore of the river shape shifted into figures of many different species of earth. They all could move and were telepathic.

I noticed the river had waves which was not normal. The sky was absolutely bright and full of more stars than usual. There was a streak of light over the horizon that was baby blue. The Orion constellation was prominent. There is a valley that goes straight up the hill and has some light from across the river. It had an unusual complex of stars right above but all of a sudden I seen one dive down into what I thought was a building on the top of the hill, but it wasn't. The closer i looked (from our vehicle parked across the river on the shore) i noticed a hovering ship so well disguised at the perfect height above the water near the top of the tree line. I then started to point it out to my boyfriend. And show him. We both then became glued to this anomaly. It made sense why there were waves because of the hovering of this ship. Which was flat and triangular with two rectangular caboose behind. It had star light entities that were able to fly and attach to it and ones that looked as if they were anchored up into the sky, to that light streak. It looked like a highway... it was NOT northern lights. It had many many lights webbed in it. After studying this for a bit the feeling we were being watched started to occur. We had the plan of making a bed in the bath I of the SUV and sleeping the night. When I got out to lift the hatch back, I noticed that all the plants behind the vehicle (reversed on the beach shore to thetreeline) were all different and shaped like creatures and species, I had to rub my eyes. I then slowly went into the bathroom I sat and as my bf was looking up at the sky, I told him to look in the rear view mirror and said "do you see that?" He told me already as complexes as he was and in awe, "I seen them already but never said it" we then began focusing on these plant beings. Comparing exactly what we see to make sure we weren't crazy. Both of us seen exactly the same things. I initiated contact by saying are you real. They would nod, no speech. It was very frustrating and astonishing at the same time. My mind was blown. This story goes on until the next day. I have to get additional evidence from my bf, a drawing and i want to state that part 2 is way more in depth.
