{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-23 20:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3158,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5503896.json","updb_database_id":5503896}
{kt}Dark round object with pulsating, different colord lights.

I saw this object over two nights starting on 12/22/2012. I saw it both nights for two nights ending on the 23rd. Always around 8 pm and always in the south.This account is from 12/23/12 I live in a small rural town in Middle Tn so anything changing colors in the sky is easily noticed. I first noticed it while leaving my home around 8:30 to go to the store.I first thought it was an airplane which is a normal sight here but it seemed to be lower in the sky and closer than normal planes. Also it had flashing lights of red,blue,green and white which at first was all I could see until the angle changed as it flew in what appeared to be a north easterly direction. At that point I could actually see that it did have a dark surface outline that was definitely not a plane as I could see no wings or tail. As I drove to the store it was visible the entire way and did nothing extraordinary. The distance is less than a mile. As I reached the store a worker was outside and was also watching the object. We talked about it for a second or two I then entered the store bought a drink and exited. As I exited, the worker said look it got lower. And in fact it was then very, very low in the sky and stationary. As I drove home the object was behind me so I could not see it but when I got to my house I could still see it and remembered I had my cell phone. I set it to video mode and attempted to video the object with no luck. For some reason I could see the object but couldn't get it to show up on the viewfinder nor the video as I was not used to filming with my phone. Just then my neighbor pulled up and I asked her if she had seen it. She said yes but asked me to point it out again as she had lost sight while driving. At that point I saw the object begin to descend, suddenly the lights went off but I could still make out the dark outline for maybe two to three seconds. It then disappeared from my sight. I do not know if it got too low or if I just couldn't see it due to darkness. Either way, it was gone. The reason that I am just now reporting this is because I had forgotten about it until tonight when I was copying files from the phone I used that night to a new a new cell phone. Funny that I could just forget about it because at the time it kinda freaked me out. But these days I seem to forget things all the time. Im not even that old.....lol.....just 43. Anyway, sorry for getting off track. I hope this helps and if I see more I will definitely report it. If I don't forget, lol!
