{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-01 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5453896.json","updb_database_id":5453896}
{cak} Saw comet, went to find it, wasn’t comet

The date and year is unknown. My mom recently passed away. I believe my brother and I are the only living witnesses now. I know I was in elementary school, it was in the 70’s, I may have been around 10 years old, and I know it was still dusk when we spotted what we thought was a comet coming down as we watched the object fall to earth in a fireball.

My mom, her brother’s wife, my brother and myself got into the car and went in search of the comet. Back then, North of Arlington there were a lot of vegetation and trees. It wasn’t non-stop housing and businesses like it is today. We went where we thought it may have hit and looked for smoke or fire which we assumed we would see.

We didn’t see smoke or fire, but we did see light. We thought maybe there were bright lights lighting up the comet and that someone else had gotten there first. 

We turned right on a gravel, I think, road and we’re heading towards the light.

As we got closer, we realized no one was there lighting up the comet. The bright lights were on an object. It was hard to see the shape as the lights were so bright. They did seem to curve as though the lights were on a curved object. While we were trying to figure out what it might be, the object slowly rose straight up without a sound.

My mom turned the car around and took off quickly. I looked back to see that it was coming towards us. When we got onto the paved road, I looked back and didn’t see it, but then noticed that there was a bright light all around our car.

We knew it wasn’t an airplane or helicopter because the windows were down and there was no engine noise coming from it. We were all screaming and too scared to put our heads outside of the windows to look up at it.

No matter how fast my mom drove, the object matched our speed exactly keeping the car in the middle of the bright light.

I remember looking ahead and seeing a stop light and cars going through the signal light from right to left. Suddenly, the light was no longer encircling our car because it shot to our left at a sudden instantaneous and impossible speed and hovered above the trees. Then it angled at around 135 degrees and went down into the trees quickly. 

When we got home, my mom called the airport to see if they had seen anything in that area on radar and was told that they did not pick up anything in that area at all.

I don’t know what is was that we saw that night, but we all agreed that we had never seen anything move in that fashion. I remember being terrified in the back seat as we drove away from whatever it was.

It was the one and only time that I or any of us had seen something like that.
