{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-24 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5517896.json","updb_database_id":5517896}
{nd} Three glowing red-orange orbs

To whom it may concern,

On June 24, 2012, I witnessed three red-orange glowing orbs for 30 - 45 seconds in Glendale, AZ between 8:50pm - 9:00pm.

This event occurred at night following a family dinner gathering. I walked out front of my house to smoke a cigarette while my family was saying goodbye to other family members. I immediately noticed these lights due to their peculiar position in the sky which was not in the designated flight paths for our airports.

At the time of sighting, two of the three orbs were traveling east bound (towards my position) then had an abrupt directional change to north-west with an outward increased rapid elevation change at 30-40 degrees above horizon. I noticed that the two primary orbs moved symmetrically with each other which indicated they were connected. This was apparent as the objects started in a 90 degree vertical position then rotated to 10 degrees (Counterclockwise) before the elevation increase. In fact, as the objects got closer I could see a faint outline which was connected between the orbs. 

The third orb was in a stationary elevation upon the witnessed duration (30 1 45 seconds) until the two primary objects were out of visible range. Then the third object had an increased rapid elevation change similar to the two objects.

I have been a Naval Aviation Structural Mechanic (AMS US NAVY) for the past 10 years and am knowledgeable on many different jet fighter models. Being an AMS, I am also quite familiar with the current jet propulsion technology as well as all of the internal workings of how aircraft operate. These objects did not display any chemical propulsion, such as fueled after burners, nor was there any sound emitted while they were navigating. This type of jet propulsion technology would be necessary to achieve the rapid altitude climb that these objects displayed. This leads me to believe that the objects used an alternate propulsion method that is not available to the public today.
