{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-13 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497896","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/896/mufon-5497896.json","updb_database_id":5497896}
{cak} saw lights, thought plane, but don't think plane.

OK. So this is the THIRD event I've seen over the last month and a half? At exactly 3 am I go out on my second floor balcony for a smoke. It faces due south with an excellent view of the sky both south and southeast. There is a regional airport directly to the southeast about 1 mile away of which I have an excellent view, the north/south runway. So, the moment I walk on to the balcony I look to the sky and see what I first take to be the lights of a plane. It looks like its banking a turn from east to west turning due south. But, as I began to register everything, it was different from a plane. I'm very familiar with the sights and sounds of planes going about their daily routines, from single engine props doing touch-and-go's to jet charters flying in and out. I know their sounds and heights and speeds. This just didn't register as a plane after initial notice. It was completely silent. It moved faster than a plane landing or taking off. And the lights weren't right, for a plane. While they were visible,they were almost muted? I might say. Visible but not bright like a regular light. Color I'd say was...muted light jade? It all happened so fast even as I'm trying to note things it's getting more difficult to notice and mentally mark what I'm seeing. Like after I was like, "was it three lights or four? Was there one red one? What exact configuration were the lights, triangle, square, cross-like. SO...it was going south parallel to the runway path, seemingly about 1000 yards to the west, and too high for touch-and-go's, then somewhere downrange it moved ninety degrees west. It's path I mean. At this point it was hard to see, I had to look slightly away from the object to see it more clearly at night. Then I lost it. The reason I'm filing this report is...this isn't the first time I've seen strange things in the night sky overhead going south, silently. It's the third time. The first two no "lights" were visible at all, I wondered those times if I'd seen a solitary bird flying at night, but I saw no flapping. And I would say in all three incidents, height, direction and mostly speed, all were about the same. I'm not a "UFO" kind of guy. I don't follow "UFO" stuff. Also, I know what the space station looks like, like a bright star moving like a satellite. This wasn't that either. Eventually, rather quickly really, I just lost sight of it...I just couldn't see it anymore. How I felt when I saw it?? I just thought, "what am I seeing??" That's about it I guess.
