Case Number: 1429 26012021

Date: January 23, 2021.

Approximate Time: 20:30 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: R. P., 51 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence "for more than 7
minutes" of an aerial anomaly at 20:20 (HL) on January 23, 2021,
in Baquedano, Region of Antofagasta. He described what he saw as a
silver cylinder flying west from his location, moving from north to
south. He added that the movement was "falling," and that it had a
"comet-like tail."
On January 26, 2021, this first testimony concluded stating:
"(sic) My son notices an object falling and records it."

Two emails in January and February 2021 requested from the user the original material he had filmed.

In his response at the beginning of February 2021, the user sent a 59-second video sequence in an mp4 file format. Its inspection and subsequent analysis of its metadata information determined that the file was not original and had been manipulated.
Created upon rescuing a video from the social network TikTok, just
before contacting CEFAA (Figure 1). Additionally, the hypothesis was raised
of being in front of a condensation trail caused by conventional air traffic.

Figure 1. Image and metadata of the first video of the case. A yellow arrow marks
what was reported.

Figure 1 shows an extraction from the video containing the logo of the social
network and a piece of the text from its metadata. Such
As indicated with an orange rectangle, the file was created at 00:06 (UTC) on January 3, which is 21:06 on January 2, 2021.

In response to this, it was insisted on requesting the original material that was reported to have. The user indicated that the video was on a relative's cell phone, from where they would send it. Later, they sent a file in mp4 format using the WeTransfer application.

Figure 2 is a piece of the text from its metadata.
Marked with green rectangles, the file was created at 23:45 (UTC) or 20:45 (HL) on January 19, 2021. It was filmed four days prior to the reported date.

Figure 2. Metadata of the second recording of the case.

Given the inconsistency between the reported, witnessed, and audiovisual material provided as study material, a request was made to confirm the date and time of the observed sighting. The response was (sic) "That's right, I was in Baquedano near Antofagasta."
"Buying and my son observed and I grabbed the cellphone and recorded... The
time is correct."

This contradicted the reported event.

Given the possibility that as indicated to CEFAA, an event associated with a bolide or meteorite could have been visible, a geologist specialist and advisor to the Committee, who is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Geological Sciences at the Catholic University of the North, was consulted.

She reported that according to her records, there had been a similar event to the one reported, for which there is no evidence, and that in
Social media is associated with a recording of another previous situation,
from 2018. He added that what was sent to the study for this case is a
condensation trail from an airplane and not a celestial object entering
the Earth's atmosphere.

For statistical purposes, a location was determined in Baquedano, at the
geographical coordinates 23° 20’ 06’’ S and 69° 50’ 43’’ W. This location
was chosen because it was named by the user on January 3, 2021.

Due to the filmed image, the air traffic was studied that could
It has flown to the west of Baquedano and from north to south, it had
some connection with what was reported. This determined that the Airbus
321-211 with registration CC-BEB complied with the description between
20:44 and 21:00 (HL) on January 23, 2021.

This aircraft performed the LAN199 flight between the Chacalluta
Aerodrome (SCAR) in Arica and the Arturo Merino Benítez International
Airport (SCEL) in Santiago. It crossed the skies of the city of
Antofagasta, to the west of Baquedano, in a level flight at 37,000 feet
and 500 knots. Figure 3 shows its positions when it was able to
be visible from Baquedano and at the moment of its closest approach to that location (20:56 hours).

Figure 4. LAN199 flight on January 23, 2021.

Images: Two mp4 recordings. Both files
They contain the same audiovisual material, but none corresponds to the date and time informed and ratified by the user for the reported viewing.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimonies, of the
geographical, forensic, and air traffic studies, and as concluded by
The specialist advisor consulted determined that the material provided to study the reported event corresponded to conventional air traffic. This could have been the LAN199 flight between the cities of Arica and Santiago on January 23, 2021.

Additionally, according to the testimony and forensic studies of the audiovisual material sent for consideration by the CEFAA, it was concluded that it did not originate under the circumstances repeatedly indicated by the user.
In accordance with the above, the investigation folder was closed according to the numbers 2d (Investigation of cases with audiovisual material) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Research Times, Reception of Backgrounds, Preparation of Executive Report and CEFAA Report Archive.

The case was classified as "False".
