{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-06 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499506","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/506/mufon-5499506.json","updb_database_id":5499506}
{nd} Orange-red glowing orb sighted over Fishers. It traveled across the sky much faster than an aircraft, yet made no noise

It was approximately 11:50pm. I was taking my dog out for the last time before going to bed. I noticed a bright glowing orb in the northwestern sky. At first, I thought it might be a lantern, but it seemed to move exceedingly fast, faster than even a plane or jet would appear to move across the sky, yet it made no sound. I was amazed to see how fast it moved. I had never seen anything like it before. Its glow pulsated or flickered, but randomly, not like aircraft lights. This may have been related to the atmosphere, as the stars were flickering in the same manner. It was difficult to estimate its size or altitude. I could see its shape plainly, so it seemed closer than aircraft fly, but it may have been a larger object farther away. I watched it pass behind the neighbor's house. I moved to the backyard and saw it again on the same path traveling from North to South. It did not deviate from its course. It did not speed up or slow down. There was a faint white glow around the orb. I went inside to tell my wife to look out our southern facing window, but it had disappeared. It had covered the distance in a matter of about 1 minute. I was explaining what had happened to my wife when she said that she saw something out the window too. This was about 5 minutes after I sighted the first object. When I looked, I could see the same or a second, similar object. It had the same appearance and was traveling on the same path, but it appeared to either be smaller or further away. I grabbed binoculars, but it was far away and I couldn't make out any more details. It passed behind a tree and flickered more before fading out. At the end, it appeared to fall toward the ground and flicker out. It was visualized for about 45 seconds.  The temperature was 64 degrees, skies were clear, winds were light out of the North. The moon was a nearly full in the southern sky. 

I know this was not a meteor because it was too slow and steady. It did not appear to be a traditional aircraft because of its shape and speed and lack of standard lights and sound. My best guess is that it could be a lantern, because of its glow and lack of noise and the appearance that it may have burned out at the end. However, it was moving very fast. I wouldn't think a lantern could move that fast unless the upper level winds were much faster than those at the surface.
