{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-02 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489506","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/506/mufon-5489506.json","updb_database_id":5489506}
{dr}multiple objects, various directions, w/e, n/s. e/w, s/n

I was standing at snow cone stand one block from my home buying snow cones for neighbours. First one we saw was a blinking light around 8pm, traveling west to east. An airplane flying south to north, good distance away from ufo, caused the ufo to illuminate. After the airplane had flown beyond the path of the ufo, the ufo changed to a blinking light, then vanished, not to reappear. Several standing with me became very excited to see the ufo and even more excited when it disappeared. It was only the first of many we saw. Another passed directly overhead as a white dot, traveling west to east, in a straight path. Witnesses made comment how fast it was traveling. Next a group of objects all with blinking lights, traveled north to south, in a straight path. around 9:15pm we saw the best I've seen here. It was shaped like a trapezoid, with red pulsating lights, one red at the top, then descending down each side, stopping short of the bottom. At the bottom was a single line of white stationary lights. It was flying from the east going west at a very slow rate, slower than any airplane and it made no sound. The red lights were pulsating together, while the lower white lights remained solid. This one really got everyone's attention, going so slow and was very close to us. It was a very large aircraft. We lost sight of it behind some trees. It appeared to be slowing down. Gave us the impression it was going to land out north of what everyone here calls Jose's Hill. A gravel county road which used to go all the way through to Walnut Springs and Ulogy county roads. I say used to, because if has been closed off. That is the area in which the head overseer of the Lockheed base lives. With the county road closed off, made into a private drive, there's no way of telling what's out that way. Wednesday night was a very exciting night, more exciting than Tuesday night. We saw several on Tuesday night as well, while standing at the snow cone stand, starting around 8pm, continuing past 10pm. Mostly the same as Wednesday night except for the trapezoid. Wish I had the camera for that one.
