{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-17 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492506","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2783,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/506/mufon-5492506.json","updb_database_id":5492506}
{rjl} i observed a round craft that glowed brightly on all sides move in a straight line at a relatively low altitude move over the city.

On the night of june 17th, i was returning home from walking my dog with a close friend when i saw a very bright round object in the sky above carson city. Being close to the center of town it came from the north west and moved in a straight line towards the south west. When i asked my friend what he thought it could be we both agreed that it looks like a satellite. But we both agreed that it was way too low and bright to be possible without any sign of re-entry into the atmosphere and that it was on a path just like a plane. As it passed to our right side we could see that it was emitting light on all sides which planes and helicopters do not do. The object did not have blinking lights like conventional aircraft are required to have. We watched with much curiousity as it moved directly overhead making no noise at all and disappeared from our view behind some trees on our side of the street. Having a small airport in town and reno-tahoe international airport close by it is everyday that we see all kinds of aircraft. Also having a very particular interest in aviation i struggled to give any ideas as to what kind of aircraft it could be. I am submitting this information because I have an open mind and am looking forward to hearing if anyone has also reported a sighting in the same time frame. The sighting only lasted 1 minute and after 1 week i cannot stop thinking about it. I apologize for not being able to provide any pictures or video but in the moment i never thought of using my cell phone to try and do so. I also do not wish to take time away from more significant cases you may have but any response and guesses you may have will be appreciated. I sincerely hope that this report will help in any way and i personally hope we were not the only people to see this happen. I am somewhat familiar with mufon and the work your organization does and i thank you for taking the time to read this. I am available for a phone interview and you are welcome to call me on the number i have provided.


                        Thank you, -Kurtis
