{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-06-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500506","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/506/mufon-5500506.json","updb_database_id":5500506}
two plant like entities

Hello, I'm a teacher and I am 35 years old. First of all I'm not abducted or saw a ufo or a space ship. But I saw two beings and they were not like humans or animals. the year was 2006 and june is the mounth I guess. I was at home and sleeping in the saloon on a couch. It was 07:00 am. Actually I'm not sure what was the time exactly but when I woke up the room was bright and there was sunshine in the room so I'm guessing it was early in the morning like 7.am. I suddenly woke up as if I'm excited and felt something wrong because I never wake up like that. When I woke up I turned my head and saw a thing like a plant but not a green one. It was creamy color not white not grey but like a bone color. That thing has a body but not a complete one. It was like two ivy entangled each other and formed a body but not a human body (like a cobra body and its' moves) because I could see the gaps on that shape. I think it was 170cm long and on the top there were two arms like extensions hovering above me. Those two extensions have a shape like spears. No head no mouth nothing but a big ivy with two spear arms. And I also noticed a second being which was standing next to my head. It was rounded and I couldn't look at it very sharply because the other one got my attention very much because I was afraid it could attack me. I remember it was purple and rounded in several places and I remember on top of it there were little bubble like places. It didn't move stood still. The other one began to descend into the ground slowly asif there is a hole in the ground and it is trying to escape by squeezing itself without rush. I watched it till disappears completely on the ground. When disappearing finished I noticed the other one also vanished. While all these things happening my heart was beating very fast. Then I suddenly felt very sleepy and didn't think anything wrong happened and fall in sleep again. When I woke up again I'm terrified about what had happened and left home quickly. I also surprised how I did sleep againg after I saw those things. I don't know what happened but I'm sure one thing it was not a dream because nothing happened something like that before and after. I'm writing this because I wonder if anyone seen entities like that before. I'm also sending a paint draw picture. I'm sorry for bad english and bad drawing.
