{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-02 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287506","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/506/mufon-5287506.json","updb_database_id":5287506}
At night driving and saw a UFO in the distance which I assumed was a plane. Within a second it was hovering in front of our car as we drove

At night driving with my dad and saw a UFO in the distance which I assumed at the time could only have been a plane. Within a second it was hovering in front of our car. It must have only been about 10 feet above us and was tilted looking at us in the front seat of the car. As we drove it followed us up the road as if it were flying backwards to observe us. The UFO itself was funnily enough your cliche UFO object. Saucer shaped and no wider than about 5 metres across. It had a chrome surface and blinding lights sequential going around the front of it. I remember saying to my dad 'Dad dad look look at this oh my God' and all he was doing was watching the road as the lights were so blinding in his eyes. My dad's account of it was just blinding lights- so much so that he said he didn't see the UFO due to being worried we'd vear off the side of the road and into the deep gully . 
It must've followed us up the road for about 20 second before it disappeared (and when I say disappeared, I mean I didn't see it move, it just all of a sudden wasn't there). I then saw it flying over the hill adjacent to the road we were on about 200m away. I've never had anywhere to report this before and it's probably no longer useful considering it was 1994. No internet and no mobile phones so working out where to report this was a mystery! I did however note it in my diary and make a sketch (I was 14 at the time), however when I've rifled through every page of that diary I can't find the page at all, it's just simply disappeared.
