{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501506","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/506/mufon-5501506.json","updb_database_id":5501506}
k yard watched object come from neighbors house past my house at sofet level past other neighbors then veered off at end of neighbors house. three nights in a row. steady quiet rectangle lead color

Three nights in a row we saw a small lead color object in our backyard. It smoothly flew at sofet level and within inches of the houses. It came from the neighbors on my east to the neighbors to the west. It made no noise. It was about 18"- 24" long and about 4"-6"wide. I dont know how thick it was. My son saw it two nights in row and said he saw it both times around 10:45pm. So i went and stood in the dark, hiding behind our camper approximately 15' from our house. And I saw it! I was awe struck. I couldn't move. It was quite quick but not speeding, maybe a very brisk walking speed. Our houses are the same heights and this object just followed the edges of the roofs. I watched for about 10 seconds. Once it got to the end of my neighbors house it veered off to the side. I think I was in shock as to what I saw as I didnt even think to run out to the street to see where it went. It's shape was much like a cell phone turned on its side as it was rectangular but the corners where rounded. My son said that when he saw it had some kind of glow or emitted light. I saw a dark lead like color and smooth object.
So that's my very very close UFO experience. I would like to know what it was and why it was in my backyard. Is someone being observed or abducted in my neighborhood, is it me? Kind of scary. But very exhilarating! It was not a man made drone! This was five years ago, we didnt have such things then. This object had no motor, propellers, or anything. It was incredible. I still wonder if it knew I was watching it. We didnt see it again.
