{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-30 09:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289818","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113535","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/818/mufon-5289818.json","updb_database_id":5289818}
3 days of a Metallic dome craft hovering in sky.

I was walking around the block the 1st time I saw it, it was day time around 2 or 3 pm, around park forest middle school, (side note: I grew up around Pensacola Florida and Crestview so I know what military aircraft look like, living by Eglin Air Force base. Instantly when I saw this I knew it was not a military craft.) It was a mirror like dome object, I could see the Sun reflecting off of it. It almost looked like it was bobbing in the sky like it was on water. It would move up-and-down left and right in small motions and it appeared to have had some kind of cloaking ability so instead of seeing it maneuver at incredible speeds in one direction it would literally just disappear and reappear right before my eyes with no cloud coverage at all. The 2nd time I saw it I again was walking around the same school but my father was with me and I tried to get him to see it and he barely could see it because his eyesight isn't that good, keep in mind this is daytime, but it was the same object and it was maybe 1 or 2 days later. The last and final time I saw the object was when I was driving back I was on siegen lane coming from a doctors office and 3 people were in the car with me and when I saw it I instantly freaked out and was screamed "can you all see this in this time?" Everyone else saw the same craft this time and it made me so relieved that I had witnesses so I didn't feel like I was haullcanating. It was the same metallic chrome dome object moving around the sky turning its cloaking device on and off. I should have reported this sooner, but some time has gone by and I decided to share my story despite the fact I dont have photos I do have other witnesses so I figured it was worth reporting.
