{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467818","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/818/mufon-5467818.json","updb_database_id":5467818}
Seen a flash. Kept staring wondering what it was and if I actually seen what I thought I saw. Then it flashed again just as bright, but further west.

I watch the stars every night around 11pm when I take my dog out. I'm used to seeing satellites, planes, planets, shooting stars ect. but this was different. So much so that I told my family about it when I went back in the apartment.
  While I was staring at the sky I seen a bright flash of a pure white light that seemed to be around the altitude of a shooting star or satellite or possibly a very high airplane. Not knowing how big the object was made it impossible to judge it's altitude. For this to be a plane however the entire plane would have had to light up white from nose to tale, without the red and green lights that mark every plane in the night sky and It was much too big and far too bright to be a satellite or a star. 
  Because it was such a quick flash I was beginning to wonder if I had actually seen it, or if possibly I just caught a glimpse of a shooting star when it suddenly flashed again and this time I was staring right at it. Similar to the flash from a camera both in color and duration but much bigger than any planet or star this time it was further west by about an inch from my perspective. There's no way to know how much distance the object really covered without knowing exactly how high it was but this took place in about 15 seconds from the first flash to the second. It would be similar to the distance the satellites cover when I can see them with the naked eye, and it was a much greater distance than any plane ever covers at any altitude. We used to have an airbase here. I grew up watching planes streak through the sky, this wasn't that.
