{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-22 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548818","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/818/mufon-5548818.json","updb_database_id":5548818}
Incredibly pure white, bright light, hanging motionless, low in the southern sky just after sunset.

On Sept. 22, 2007 at approx. 7:15pm we noticed a very bright light low in the southern sky while walking to our car after diner in San Pablo, Colorado. This bright object appeared to be due south at about 12 1 15 degrees above the horizon. The bright object was bigger and brighter than any planet I1ve ever scene. It was 3 to 4 times bigger than Venus and incredibly bright. I convinced myself it was a plane coming directly toward us, just high enough to be reflecting the bright light of sunset. 
As this pure white, bright circle of light grew slightly in circumference and brightness, I thought this must be one huge plane and it1s getting really close, I almost wanted to duck down but there never were any plane sounds. Without binoculars, all I had to help aid in viewing was prescription sunglasses. I got in the car to get my glasses and when I stood up again the bright object seemed to be back where I first saw it. I1m guessing that would have been south of Taos, NM.
O.K. that was odd, but the real shocker came when I put on my prescription sunglass 1 the brightness was dimmed and I could see 3 distinct yellowish/gold lights - the one middle front light being slightly bigger than the 2 side lights. There seemed to be some energy or filament connecting or flowing between the center light and the side lights. I thought, 1That ain1t right,1 and pulled the sunglasses off my face and there I saw the pure white, bright light again. What? How can this be? I kept taking my sunglasses off and putting them back on again trying to reconcile the two different things I was seeing - a round pure white and very bright light without my sunglasses and with them on seeing 3 separate yellow/gold lights with something blurry between them.
In the moment, I convinced myself this was Jupiter and a couple of moons and accounted for the blurriness by remembering I was looking through sunglasses not binoculars, and of course the reflecting light of sunset must be causing the brightness.
We stood in amazement and watched the big waxing gibbous moon move along the path of the ecliptic in the southeast while our bright object appeared motionless in the south until our view was obstructed by clouds at approx. 7:45pm.
Since Sat. Sept. 22nd I1ve researched star charts and found that this bright light could not possibly have been Jupiter, as that planet was in the SSW, on the ecliptic at 26 degrees during the time our object was sighted due south at approx. 12 degrees.

Deb S.
