{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-15 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485818","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/818/mufon-5485818.json","updb_database_id":5485818}
{cak} I saw what at first I thought was a satellite... It wasn't.

My wife and I were awakened early this morning by our 5 yr old. It was still very dark outside being January. I live in the country so the stars are very bright and with no clouds they are particularly clear. I noticed out my window what at first I thought was a satellite moving quickly to the east. I have seen many satellites over the years and something struck me as odd. First of all it was actually changing direction as it traveled and then changed its speed slowing down. The weirdest thing was when I pointed it out to my wife and daughter the UFO started flashing off and on in different sequences...this may sound strange but I actually believe it was communicating with me. I felt an incredibly strong pull to the object. Then it vanished from sight. This isn't the first UFO I've seen.
I have even had a day time sighting where it vanished after hovering then reappeared.The change in direction and flashing was definitely under intelligent control. There is nothing to my knowledge that acts like that. I have family and friends in the military and even engineers in aviation. I have a good understanding of what our aircraft both civilian and military can do. I checked the NASA web site to see if anything was in the area. Nothing of course. I wish our government would come clean with disclosure. Even better...I hope these visitors will actually make personnel friendly contact with me. I'm not a weirdo...I'm an educated business owner who makes a good living and raising a normal beautiful family. Alien visitors a normal natural part of our existence that's being with held from the public... I hope those days of ignorance is soon over. I would be happy to take a lie detector test on either sighting. These past few sightings gave convinced me without a doubt that an advanced alien species is visiting us from another world...NO QUESTION! I would be happy to discuss any of my sightings with Mufon...I enjoyed our last phone conversation. Thank you.
