{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-28 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503818","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55095","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/818/mufon-5503818.json","updb_database_id":5503818}
{dr}witnessed UFO landing in Kapaau Hawaii

I was inside my house in the restroom with nausea for unknown reason 
I heard my name being called by my 2 family members in a panicked voice
one of them had come back from an errand and noticed it in the sky upon entering the house. when I came out of the restroom I thought something was terribly wrong because of the way they were calling my name and i was immediately panicked i walked out of the sliding glass door to see my two family members looking up and i said "what happened? whats wrong?"
I was told to look up at the sky and I instantly noticed and object moving side to side and up and down sometime stopping ...seemed random and also the lights i will never forget theses lights the colors where red,purple,green and the most beautiful colors i have ever seen i cant properly explain myself as i type this i am still a bit shaken up and not sure exactly how to process what just happened to me.....i stared at the lights that were attached to this object for approximately 5 minutes? I was asked to go and get my phone to take a picture and i immediately said "NO I DONT WANNA MISS THIS!" and i could see that at certain times there was a pulse? or beam of light that came out of the object when i saw the green .....the colors where so beautiful .......i just stared into them amazed and absolutely stunned by what i was seeing and it was close no more than a mile away ....it was close very close , my relative did take a picture of the object but for some reason it did not show up on the picture hardly at all ......we watched it dim ? and then get brighter and move around in very, strange random patterns flashing lights .....almost changing shape or maybe because it was turning so much i don't know ....then it stopped in mid air and something lit up underneath it ...a very bright orange ball of light directly underneath it and it started coming down from the sky very slowly , my relative actually jumped in his car and went to look for it that it was so close .......after seeing those lights , i felt very strange for aprox. 30 min to an hour but did notice that the nausea i was experiencing earlier that night was gone ....however when I would blink i would still see the green light in my vision ...the green light was somehow what really stood out most to me ....its been a few days since i witnessed this ....and I seriously don't know how to explain what's going on with me , i feel different somehow ...some sort of clarity ? ....along with being very VERY confused ......and I am not sure who to talk to about this besides the two other witnesses I told my GF and i think that i made myself sound crazy lol....so i found you guys ....i hope this helps someone out there somehow ....this is in no way a joke or a hoax and what i saw was not an airplane, helicopter or anything of the sort .........
