{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-01-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482818","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/818/mufon-5482818.json","updb_database_id":5482818}
a malevolent abduction by malevolent extraterrestrials

AT a farm in the united Kingdom I was approached by a young looking blonde haired blue eyed 5ft 9 inch tall 170lbs man with a stun gun type technology.
The man put the stun gun to my heart area of my chest and pressed the trigger. At first it did not work probably due to by thick coat as it was cold that night. The second or third shot finally worked and I was shot dead by the stun gun type technology that looked alien in it's appearance. 

My body fell forward to the floor on the grass field but my I found my self still stood up and I could see my body lieing on the floor. I was now in the same dimension as the aliens and I could now see that their was a sphere silver exterior style flying saucer parked on the field about 100 feet away which had windows and inside I could see it had different rooms and the interior was red padded seats. This appeared to be the one dimension higher than the 3rd . perhaps the 4th. I could see cars driving past and everyone I could still hear and see the sound and light from the 3rd dimension but nobody could see me. except anyone in this now higher dimension. I quickly noticed that I was in soul form in the 4th or higher dimension. I tried to fight with the extraterrestrial as he walked quickly back to the ufo 100 feet away asking him to put my soul back in my body that was laying on the field at night with the nearest people about another 100 feet away as I was staying at a farm house that night. 

The human/Nordic looking extra terrestrial refused to put me back in my body and instead got insdie his beam ship. 

Another Nordic/human extraterrestrial appeared in the craft , female , long dark , wavey hair, about 5ft 1 and 150lbs. she was seen at the window. and speaking telepathically to me through the window.

I remember her clearly saying the words '' yoo , hoo , kevin '' as if I was an animal and not a human.

30 seconds later another ship arrived about 100 feet from the ufo with the two Nordic type being inside. This other ship was larger , rectangular and extra dimensional as the inside looked larger than the outside. 

The second space craft came down from space very quickly and it has what looked like nano crystals as it's fuel source. The craft contained draconian, reptilian brown scaled and black scaled beings.

around 8 of the black draconian/reptilian type beings exited the ship and stood on the ground trying to scare me. Instead not knowing what else to do , I actually ran towards the 8 black scaled draconian beings and fought fieacfully for around 2 minuetes. In this dimension I felt much lighter and I was able to life 2 of the draconians as high as the nearest electrical power line and slammed both of them into it and it made a dent in the power line in that dimension but not in the 3rd where I noticed a car driving past the road at the point in the 3rd dimension. A man was driving the car and he seemed to noticed something from the 3rd dimension because when the draconians hit the electrical power line the man quickly turned his head at the power line in the car as if he noticed something but couldent see exactly what it was.

After the fight. Nearly all draconian soldiers were injured and two seriously injured with one of them I am not sure if he died as he was taken inboard the ship by another extraterrestrial that was not Nordic looking or reptilian looking. Where he was first treated with a medicine crystal that wa sbeing orbited by another crystal in its stationary position. That being was then moved into another room. The ship seemed to be much larger inside than outside and there was lots of beings walking about further down the ships internal corridor. 

For a moment there was a what appeared to be a (pretend) ship laser gun fight between the flying saurcer and the draconian ship. 

Then the draconians must of asked for some help as a large grey appeared to the right of the 2nd ship another 30 feet to the right of the 2nd craft.
The large grey was around 30 feet tall (tree size) and had spider like / grey alien features. It was very malevolent and very large. I tried to lift it in self defense but I was only strong enough to bend it's knee. 

The grey picked me up with it's hand and tried to eat me until the flying saurcer began fireing laser weopanry at the large grey in which the grey put me back down again.

I then tried ran towards the flying saurcer to try and attack the blonde Nordic looking man whom had to used the stun gun ealier but as I jumped into the ship into the room that he was situated he was sucked in my soul with what appeared to be a soul catcher (beyond event horizon , mini clear black hole within a test tube) and my soul which is made of light could not escape the suction velocity which made me think it was beyond event horizon gravitational force.

Finally I was let go after a struggle in the soul catcher and slowly put back in my body that was controlled by a controller onboard the flying saurcer. 

I was now back in my body and my body was bought back to light , I could no longer see either the aliens or any of the space craft as I was no in this dimension. I walked back to the farm house which then I was further tortured inside the home by the 3 Nordic looking beings. it was the same 2 in the flying saurcer and 1 new one and then another one whom had no hair and was wearing a jump suit (blue) overalls. around 18 stone and about 5ft 8. 

I was tortured that bad at this point, I don't want to discuss it here as it was to malevolent. But the aliens made a lock and attached it to the door and locked it so I couldent get out. I was then tortured , I was shown that these Nordic looking beings could shapeshift in a green reptilian form and had very large tounges like a lizard. I was forced to give them a sperm sample and eventually my memory was erased by a flash of light a number of times. 

I woke up in the farm house in the living room the next morning with no memory recall of the event and carried on my normal day and returned home.

It took 5 years to begin recalling my memory and it came as a large shock.
There may still be more memories to come back as of yet (11 years later)

This is my recal of a human (myself) being attacked by malevolent reptilians and Nordic/reptilians/grey extraterrestrials that had technology a few hundred years more advanced than as of (2005 technology)

the silver , red/silver interior ufo had anti gravitic/ hyper dimensional and probably time-traveling capability as well teleportation. 

Alpha draconians were from alpha draconis star system
large greys possible orion's belt , reticuli, phobos moon and deep
under the earth
reptilian/Nordics hybrids probably from draco, altair/ alderberan, tau-ceti (cetus) these ones are highly dangrious they can shape shift into human form and walk among the human population in the 3rd dimension with no problems at all. (i'm sure this is what they are doing)

Kind regards
