{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-09 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282522","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/522/mufon-5282522.json","updb_database_id":5282522}
Hovering in a fixed position. Then instant vertical takeoff.

I was running late for work and in a hurry. I noticed lights just above the treeline but they were really big an bright. The Highway is sort of in the middle of nowhere and no other cars were observed. As I got closer i realized, that it was a UAP This wasn’t really that weird to me as my fiancé and I had really become accustomed to seeing them out by our house, it happened a lot. But I had never seen one come so close. I mean it was just above the trees. Just hovering. Not doing anything. At the time I lost sight of it going around a bend and I thought aw man. But then I came around the next bend and there it was it was just sitting there out in the field! To the best of my ability to tell it was a disc shaped craft. But it was really dark and it’s lights were so bright white I had a hard time getting a solid visual and all I wanted to do was pull over and start taking pictures I mean it was RIGHT THERE! But I work for USPS and they don’t take super kindly to tardiness. So as I was driving I grabbed my phone and started shooting pics with one hand as best as I could while going about 60 mph. While I was taking pictures it turned a full 360 degree flip while hovering and then turned like reddish orange and shot off vertically completely out of sight. And that’s it, I went to work and tried telling people about it, of course most of them just laughed at me but one guy who is a retired me never of the USAF told me later he saw it too and that he knew even from the much further distance he was watching it from that it was way to low and big to be any kind of conventional craft.
