{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-03 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480522","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2791,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/522/mufon-5480522.json","updb_database_id":5480522}
{jpg} well formed contrail made tight zig-zag flight pattern, into loop, appeared to go straight up with two black forms right side one, left

I did not write down anything about this event - and I have no idea why, even when I knew I had seen an unidentified flying object. I can only say that this occurred in the beginning months of 2016. I was walking my dogs home from a short walk a few minutes from my home. The sky was so unbelievably blue and completely cloudless. Just looking up one couldn't possibly miss seeing the contrail forming in the NW sky. Nearly as soon as I saw it I knew it could not be something from earth. Having seen rockets from the cape, it could not have been that. One reason is it's pattern was sharp and each zig and zag was identical in length and size. The second reason was the tightly formed contrail that was forming the pattern did not dissipate or feather out into the atmosphere as it went in a complete loop down then up and over the beginning of the contrail pattern as it was when I first saw it. It is hard for me to say as to whether it then went straight away from me or whether it went straight up. As it came out of the loop and seemed to straighten itself out of the zig-zag, I still could not see what was at the head of the contrail (at NO time could I see anything which was making the contrail) but along side of the head of the contrail there suddenly appeared two black objects which appeared as black dots one under the other on the right side however only one black dot appeared on the top left with none underneath. Believe it or not, I just took my eye off of it and I don't remember looking back. Unless it wasn't too high up in the atmosphere I don't see why it wouldn't have been picked up on radar. If I'm not mistaken it would have been around south of Orlando but not too far because it wasn't completely due west. My reaction to seeing such a sight was sort of "see we've been telling people all along there are extraterrestrial vehicle's and not weather balloons or anything else an earthling might try to put in flight". Seeing one makes me feel as if we are all vindicated. I have nothing but my word and this account of what I saw.
