{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-28 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489522","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2432,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/522/mufon-5489522.json","updb_database_id":5489522}
{dr}We spotted discs with rotating red-orange and white lights and another with a pulsating white light just above the tree tops.

My partner was outside our front door when he spotted two low-flying UFOs pass overhead about 8:45 p.m. One had a blinking white light and the other had orange-red blinking lights flashing in circular succession. Once he told me about what he1d just seen, a few minutes later, I went outside and spotted a low-flying airplane going in the same direction that he1d seen the UFOs fly. A few seconds after the airplane, a spinning disc-shaped craft flew overhead just above the tree tops in our front yard, hovering for a few seconds before flying in the same direction as the other aircraft. This completely silent UFO was flashing and rotating very bright orange-red and white lights in succession and appeared to be about 15 feet in diameter and came from the direction of the rising nearly-full Moon and stayed in my line of vision for about a minute (as I followed it as far as I could before it flew above the forest and towards the pond. Immediately after the UFO flew away, the sky suddenly became very busy with numerous aircraft all going in the same direction. One interesting aircraft that flew overhead had lights on its bottom outlining its boomerang/triangular shape. This aircraft did emit an airplane-like hum, so I1m guessing it may have been an advanced military plane. It1s interesting to note that the NY Air Show was taking place the next day about twenty miles from this sighting, so perhaps some of these aircraft were practicing stunts for the show. However, I did not see disc-shaped aircraft listed on the NY Air Show website like those that my partner and I witnessed. Also interesting to note is that my friend saw an unusual brightly-lit cloud formation around the same time from Queens, NY.
