{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-26 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500522","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/522/mufon-5500522.json","updb_database_id":5500522}
{cak} Red Orange Fireball in Middletown, NY

Driving home from dinner my wife and I saw a red orange ball moving horizontally across the sky. I'd say it was a little smaller than the moon and my original thought was it was like a flickering candle flame. Only it didn't flicker. I can see patterns but they didn't move. I was driving so I kept my eyes on the road while glancing at the thing in the sky. When we reached our driveway we got out and watched it recede -- still in a straight line -- while another plane taking off from Stewart Airport (in nearby Newburgh) was flying the opposite direction at a slight angle. When the thing became small in the distance (still bigger than a point-like star) it just turned itself off. We waited a bit to see if it would come on again but it didn't.

My thought when I was looking at the UFO was it looked like a candle flame. I was focusing on the bottom part where it was brightest 1 yellow in color 1 and shaped somewhat like the crescent of a moon without the pointed ends, and I only occasionally glanced at the top which I remember had small yellow or gold dots or orbs against a mostly orange-red and black background. At the moment I am certain I would recognize what I was looking at if I knew it 1 say Chinese lantern or candle flame or lightning balls as a friend suggested 1 my mind is clearest when challenged. But it was none of those. And the sight of it was very clear. There was no cloud, wind, or fog. It was a clear night. I saw no riggings of any sort. Just a red orange ball floating in the air at a constant speed in a singular direction. The best I can come up with whatever was inside the ball (1ball1 actually didn1t occur to me to describe it 1 I only adopted it after reading other witnesses1 descriptions and I thought, yeah the whole thing was localized and since it wasn1t a square or a hexagon etc. it could be a ball) was that it was out-of-focus. My eyes were trying to focus and home in on the shapes inside it but can1t. Also, the shapes I later realized were not moving. My mind at the time was telling me it1s a flame while at the same time asking so why isn1t it flickering?

I took a picture with my cellphone as it receded but it's just a white dot against a black sky. At least the EXIF data showed the date and time.

I guess when one sees something that can't be put into words, the brain works at a rapid pace presenting familiar objects and one by one ruling them out. In my case candle flame, hot air balloon, and even boiling water because of the yellow/gold dots/orbs on the top behaving like bubbles. But in each case, if I try to force myself to accept the "earthly" explanations, there is something that is off, sometimes way off. For example, flame that is not flickering, and is more like light whose source is distorted. And this is where debunkers "get" eyewitnesses. They'd say if it looks like a flame then it's a flame. But to the witness there is always something off.

It's probably like showing, say, a person in biblical times fluorescent light and showing it for only 2 minutes. The technology is so far ahead that the person cannot describe it to those who have not seen it.
