{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-27 21:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460522","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100681","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/522/mufon-5460522.json","updb_database_id":5460522}
{tjd} Glowing orange diomond rolling in sky

On Monday May 27th, 2019 just after 9pm Pacific time; I went outside to look at the sky with my night vision monocle. While searching the skies with just my eyes, I noticed a light coming from the North by North West. This light looked different than what I normally see coming from that general direction. (Passenger planes from LA fly down from that direction before turning East.) What was odd about this light was first it was not flashing like a normal light on a plane it was pulsating. Second it was not red, green or white but a pulsating orange. As I watched it get closer, the object looked like an orange ball.  I thought it could be a helicopter, since we constantly have them flying around my neighbor nighty. However, this didn’t move like a helicopter and again the color of the light and the way it pulsated, was different from the helicopters that always fly around.  

After about 10 seconds watching the object flying towards me, the glow went out. Again, being out of the ordinary for normal aircraft in the area, I looked in the general direction where the light went out with my night vision. While using my night vision I could see the object hovering in one location. After it sat for about five seconds, the object then started moving now in a Southern direction. At this point the object started pulsating a glowing orange again. Now, watching it I knew this was not a plane or a helicopter due to its actions. I though at first that this was a drone someone was flying. But, as I looked closely at it, I could see the actual shape of the object. It looked like a geometric diamond that was rolling in the sky as it moved. I watched it until it disappeared behind the horizon of some buildings.
