{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499522","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/522/mufon-5499522.json","updb_database_id":5499522}
{dr}I and friend observed stationary star-like and unusual object for 20-25 minutes.

9/5/14, starting around 9.30 pm, a friend and I had just gotten out of her car at her home in Greensboro, NC, near-north part of town [about a half mile from Friendly Shopping Center; light pollution not an issue]. The sky was relatively clear in the west, where I observed what at first i thought was a star roughly 20 degrees off the western horizon, due west. I am a stargazer and have even had an astronomy course or two... simply to say I'm fairly familiar with the better-known cataloged heavenly objects. This "star" was stationary and about the size of Sirius, but the coloration was wrong, and the quality of the light was .. unusual. I pointed this out to my friend, and we observed it for about 20-25 minutes. 
  The "star" was white, slightly toward yellow. Rather than the blue-white one sees around Sirius, this one had a dominant red-flash pattern. There was the slightest hint of yellow-orange-to-red starting at the edge of the white core to the clearly red beams, as well as a softer blue that i could only barely see, but my friend definitely saw the blue. Also, the blue wasn't just star beams flashing; it also seemed to be more "around" the object, quite dull compared to the red beams.
  The quality of light is what first captivated me and was also commented on by my friend. Where one might describe Sirius as kind of "sharp" in its ambient appearance, this was quite bright like Sirius, but softer; yet the scintillating beams, such as one observes around Sirius or any star, were strong. For the most part during our watching it, it appeared to be unobscured, but during the last few minutes, it seemed to dim, suggesting cloud wisps, but was never entirely out of sight.
  An intriguing incident occurred when the flashing red light of what may have been a small airplane flew, in relation to our observation point, TOWARD the star-like object, at an angle from about 7-2 o'clock. Then from 1gan inch or so out1h clearly it seemed to fly around the ufo as if to avoid it, from about 9 o1fclock to 12 o1fclock, at which point it abruptly changed its flight pattern again and flew upward as if continuing its original trajectory as observed. If the ufo object is the middle of the clock hypothetically, then the small plane [light] was first noticed at about 7 o1fclock. Once it partially circumvented the considerably larger object to a little past 12 o1fclock, it abruptly continued its upper-angled path from, we can say, 7 o1fclock to [1.30-] 2 o1fclock.
  Over the 20 or so minutes we observed it, although it appeared to be stationary like a star, it seemed to drift a bit northward and also appeared to be moving toward the western horizon in the way of stars, etc. setting. 
  When it became dimmed by cloud wisps, and since nothing else was happening, we quit observing. I have been trying to learn where Sirius was during that time, which am fairly sure had not yet risen into visibility in this part of the world yet, but I am very sure this was not Sirius. Also it was not Jupiter or Saturn -- the typical scintillating star beam phenomena were strikingly evident.
