{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-16 16:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291493","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2177,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/493/mufon-5291493.json","updb_database_id":5291493}
Strange dark irregular object

Driving home I noticed a fairly large object approximately 100 - 200 foot in the sky moving in an almost drifting manner. At first I thought it to be a balloon (albeit of a rather large size - guess at 20 ft) and paid little attention. I was on my hands free talking to a friend and was describing the object as I was driving. It was moving almost like a balloon but there was really no wind - the object did not buffet or stall but continued at a level height and uniform direction. It had a bulbous and irregular shape with an odd 'appendage' at the back which moved side to side like a rudder.
I saw my neighbours who were out walking with their children and I gesticulated upwards to get them to observe it going overhead - however, they just waved to me and didn't notice. The object was almost directly over my house as I pulled into my drive - by this time, I was convinced this was something unusual and not easily dismissed as a balloon or dirigible. I ran into my house and called my son to witness it and bring his phone for evidence. He was quite taken aback by the sight of the thing and tried to take some pictures. He took four shots but the results are poor as it was travelling at high speed and disappearing into the distance. Although I have the images, they don't relay any information of worth and I won't post unless asked specifically.
This was a large, low flying object flying over a large, populated area during rush-hour and I'm certain this would have been seen by many people and I'm curious as to a satisfactory explanation for it.
