{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-17 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283493","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/493/mufon-5283493.json","updb_database_id":5283493}
Two separate observations

I was on my way to work that morning and I had a feeling to keep looking into the sky. I happened to look in a south eastern direction while heading south on the road by my home. A star-like object descended from the sky down below the tree tops. There was no trail or tail like a shooting star. I have seen several shooting stars and my husband has pointed out satellites in the sky and I know it wasn’t those. It was as if a star was just hovering in the sky and then rapidly descended until I could no longer see it behind the tree line. The first sighting lasted only a couple seconds. My job is south east from my home and I thought it was weird that it went that way and I even felt apprehensive about going that way. I got to work and looked in the sky before heading in. That was when I noticed a faint ball of light in the sky. Once again, it was in the general south east direction. My car was parked facing south. It looked like it was moving in a small circle in a counterclockwise motion. I know it wasn’t a plane because there were no blinking lights on this object. As a matter of fact, a plane was flying in the sky below it so I could compare the movement and speed. At first, I thought maybe it just looked like it was moving but it really was me, so I held onto my car door to make sure I wasn’t moving. It still moved in a counterclockwise motion. It would complete a circle, stop, and it looked almost like glitter would shine around the light. Then it would do another circle and then more glitter. It did this maybe 3 times or so. I tried to get a video on my phone and I got one short video that shows it very faintly. I watched it for less than 5 minutes and then had to go into work. This second observation was right around 7 am. There should be a time on the video so you can know exactly when this second sighting occurred.
