{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-24 18:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289493","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4356,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/493/mufon-5289493.json","updb_database_id":5289493}
Blinking light appears out of nowhere, hovers and moves smoothly around

As my shift was almost finishing at 6:45 PM (It ended at 7:00 PM) I noticed a bright white light in the sky, as if it was a helicopter pointed straight in your direction before it turns, or as a singular car headlight in the sky. I never noticed when it was there or when it got to that point in the sky, there was no gradual movement of anything to show how it was there. It simply just wasn't there 4-6 minutes ago. [ I constantly observe the skies above in the night and day, and I thought it was exactly that. A plane or some sort of human crat with a light-headed my direction. So I didn't mind it, and I constantly kept an eye on it to see when it would 'turn' or when the beam of light from what I thought was a plane or heli. ] So after knowing its been up there for about 10 minutes, it started to blink, on and off on and off, etc. And randomly in between some blinks, there would be a dimmer, but almost as bright red light, but it was never both at the same time. As it mostly blinked, it slowly shifted directions in a smooth but perfectly locked pattern and towards my end of my shift at 7 pm, I clocked out and grabbed a coworker who also clocked out to go see it, and we both ran and got to there 2 minutes later. When we both got around the workplace to watch, it was gone. And I was telling her how it was over there further away and how it was just there. And then the blinking light appeared again, and we were both in awe. I got the chills all over, in a good way as I knew what I was seeing. The blinking light then raised smoothly but there was more red light in between the blinks as it rose in the same motion a drone would when it smoothly goes straight upwards. At this point, it was closer to the clouds, but just right under. And then it hovered there for 3 minutes before smoothly changing direction towards us as if from perspective, it would be 75 degrees in the sky from your point of view ( Almost like above you, but around 150 feet in front of you in the sky ). And since it was technically closer, I could see it better. In between each white light blink with no red, there was a very faint navy blue glow, but it was small and barely noticeable. There were spots in the sky where there were no clouds at all, where I could see that it had no visible shape or silhouette to this blinking light, as even a poorly lit aircraft would show. And after being closer to us in the sky, it then smoothly scooted away from us, then smoothly went to the left, then further again, then smoothly right, (At this point it was where it first appeared or began ). After about 10 minutes of watching I then pulled out my Samsung Galaxy s7 edge to record ( This is why the night quality isn't that great ), and I recorded the blinking light in its pattern repetition. After I was satisfied with what I've recorded, we still stood there watching for 15 minutes. The blinking light was still doing the same smooth movement patterns, so my coworker had to leave to go home. Then it was just me watching, then I watched for 7 minutes more and then I had to go since my ride was there. It was a windy night also, so even an expensive drone would not stably do these smooth and hovering motions. After we had seen this, there was a plane flying by, with its usual collision red and green lights on the sides, and plane shape; and judging by the radial light, it would of been 3/5ths of that plane. I believe it still kept ongoing, but I had to leave, and I saw enough.
