{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-28 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485493","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/493/mufon-5485493.json","updb_database_id":5485493}
{dr}Saw underside of black triangle UFO

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

I was heading home from work, driving down HWY 90 heading east towards downtown San Antonio. I sighted the craft near Lackland AFB, shortly after a church location.

2. What made you first notice the object?

I saw a dark object out of the corner of my eye that stood out specifically because it was darker than the sky behind it, with blinking lights coming from underneath it.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

I knew it was a hovering aircraft but I had no first person knowledge of any known aircraft. I am fairly knowledgeable about aircraft, having lived on an air force base, and this craft was hovering in place and completely silent. It took up much of my line of sight out of the right side of my windshield as I leaned forward. It was massive, hovering close to the freeway. It didn't move closer but it was angled in a way to where I could only see the underside of the craft. The lights were blue, green, yellow and white. The colored lights were blinking and the white lights were solid. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

The object hovered above ground, unmoving, as if parked.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

I felt feelings of bewilderment as my mind searched for possible explanations for what I was seeing. I pressed the breaks a few time to slow my traveling so as to keep it in my line of sight. I considered stopping just before losing it from my view, but decided against it as it was a busy highway.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
It was on my right side, off the highway and when I passed the point where I could see it from my windshield, I looked behind me, searching for it in my rear view mirrors I could only see black. The lights were not visible.
