{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-26 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2272,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5529674.json","updb_database_id":5529674}
Five oval craft flying in V formation followed a few minutes by single object

Around 9:30pm on September 26, 2010, I went outside to lock-up my car and close the garage door as I always do. I noticed a rather bright star just above the house across the street. While I was looking at this "star" I noticed a group of silverish oval craft flying from north to south between myself and this "star." I watched until this formation moved out of sight (about 45sec to 1 minute). Then, I noticed the "star" turned and headed NNW and it was a helicopter. This helicopter had sat there and watched the crafts go by. Once they were gone, the helicopter flew away. In total disbelief, I went inside and got my wife. She came out to look with me. After she and I stood out there for a minute or two, we noticed a single oval craft moving along the exact same path as the first five, from north to south. I asked her if she saw it too. At first she wouldn't admit to seeing it, but I could tell she had. I asked her again, and she said she did, but she didn't know what to think of it. Neither of us could identify the crafts. 

As a biologist, I am well aware of the processes of evolution and I do admit that I see no reason why life could not exist on other planets. However, while I have always been a little intriged by UFOs, I thought most reports were either hoaxes or people looking for attention. I am now a believer and I have been looking for other people who saw the same thing that night. I really still don't know what to think of them. Was it from space? I do live about five minutes from NASA's Johnson Space Center. Could the crafts have been NASA tests? I just don't know.
