{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-03-07 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2663,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5509674.json","updb_database_id":5509674}
{dr}Saw Triangle like Object hovering over treetops to my left (SE), i was driving on Hwy 27 going South towards Chattanooga to go to work.

I don't really remember the exact month, sometime in the Winter/Spring of 1994. I was driving from Dayton, TN to work in Chattanooga, TN.. I usually left at around 7am every morning to get to work by 8 am. I was driving on Hwy 27, the main road to Chattanooga from Dayton and at about 7:30am (sun was starting to rise- dawn), I noticed a light hovering over the tree line just South East of my position, about a few miles north of Soddy Daisy. There were some cars on the road but not a lot. 

At first I thought it might be a helicopter. But as I got closer the lights seemed a bit... off. I was traveling about 55 miles an hour and the object still was not moving.. As a matter of fact, it was so still, it was almost like it was sitting on a table or something. Didnt adjust to wind or anything. So I kept my eyes on it and as I got closer I notice that the lights seemed to be triangular in shape.. probably about 6 or so on the underbelly and the object itself was shaped like a triangle.. the color of object looked dark, maybe black, probably due to sun not being up yet.. I didn't seen any blades like a helicopter would have, nor any kind of engine or exhaust. It just sat there. When I passed it up, I looked back in my rear view mirror and it was still there. Didnt move at all. And it stayed there until i passed the point where I couldnt see it or the trees anymore. 

I mentioned it to my family and we really tried to explain it away.. Again, helicopter was the only thing it could be, but it wasnt. I am 85% sure. I am a very analytical person. I tried to take in as much detail as I could and really couldnt explain what it was. If it were today, I might say it kind of looked like a Stealth F-117 Fighter but without fins or any protruding parts, and those don't hover.

I remember it like it was yesterday. It was strange and interesting at same time. If it was a UFO, then I feel honored to have seen one.
