{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-26 16:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5470674.json","updb_database_id":5470674}
Travelled in the same manner as a jet, turned a sharp 180, travelled maybe 1 x mile then literally disappeared into thin air

This is the second time in 3 x weeks that I have witnessed this event. It took place in exactly the same place, and approximate height. I was first made aware of it by my son, who was travelling home from work, and noticed this strange object in the sky. This was approximately 15 x miles away from where I live. He was meeting his wife at a location, his wife noticed it as well, and contacted my son. My daughter-in law began videoing the event. My son rang me up and was very excited, he said something like this 'Dad, quick look up in the sky, there is a strange object heading your way. I've never seen anything like it'. By the time it reached me it had changed direction, heading originally from North to South. When I caught site of it, it was heading from east to west. It was at this point that I started videoing it. My wife also witnessed it. This was approximately 4.00pm in the afternoon, the sky was clear, and was turning to dusk. The object did not travel in a straight line, it deviated slightly. It was then that it made what looked like an impossible 180 degree turn, this is visible from the video. It continued in an easterly direction at quite a fast speed. It then literally made another 180 turn and literally vanished into thin air. It left a con trail all the while, until it vanished. This happened twice. It also seemed to appear from nowhere, and made another 180, and disappeared. It appeared to give off an orange colour which is evident in the video, although this could be due to the setting sun. The same event happened today, approximately 3 x weeks later, same conditions, sky very clear, and almost at the same time of day. My wife was with me again and witnessed the event. I would love to know what it was that could change direction as it did. I have never seen anything quite like this, perhaps you have some idea.
    I am writing this statement on my laptop, and do not have a facility to send the stills and the videos. I will send them independently from my I phone.
Kind regards
