{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-05 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5503674.json","updb_database_id":5503674}
{nd} Noticed pulsating star in distance but upon further observation it was a hovering aircraft of some type

I always see planes flying in the distance from our house from North to South but at approximately 9pm April 5th, 2014, I noticed what I thought to be plane slowly moving from West to South at an odd speed and a back-and-forth direction no airplane can perform. I thought it might have been a distant helicopter and went back to my show. I then noticed a few minutes later the light was still in the same position off to my West, but it was twinkling like a star. I chalked it up to a breeze and the branches moving making the light look like it's twinkling. But curiosity got the best of me, and I then went outside to get a better look, where the air was calm with no breeze. I do want to mention that I sense certain things about people or situations and as I fixated my eyes on the craft, I had the thoughts yelling in my head to the craft 'Get out of here, you don't belong here!' Then an uneasy feeling came over me where my legs were getting weak, and my heart was beating faster. There was a sense of this object not being a good thing. The light was still off some distance in Prince Georges County, but this was certainly no star or aircraft lights I had ever seen, and we see a lot around here with Andrews Air Force Base nearby. There were 3 different lights I could make out, white, red and green. And they weren't blinking like a plane does, but sporadically flashing accompanied by a pulsating light within the whole craft, which my husband also witnessed. It was a crystal-clear evening so I tried to get a better look with the binoculars but was unable to see it clearly as it may have been too far away. Seeing the light left me with an uneasy feeling so I headed to bed and prayed for it to leave. Upon waking the next morning, I reflected on the lights I saw and knew it was not of this world and made a mental note to take a photo or recording if it happened again.
