{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-08 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78330","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5481674.json","updb_database_id":5481674}
{dr}Is that a drone?

August 8, 2016
Approximate Time: 20:30 thru 21:00
Fredericktown OH 43019

I was working in my yard and sat down for a break. I was watching a couple of Chemtrails being stretched across the sky. The first going west to east the second going south to north. I was facing north when I noticed a white object in the air over the farm across the road. At first I thought it was a drone. It appeared to stay in the same place. I watched for about 5 minutes. I also wondered if it was a weather balloon. It was not windy. 

I went into the house to get my binoculars. When I returned to the back yard and looked where I last saw it, it was gone. Disappointed, I sat down and was looking around and spotted it over my neighborhood, toward the east.   Again it was stationary. I tried several positions for a steadier hand to for viewing. Through the binoculars it was circular and a yellow orange around the edge. The center changed from this color to grays. By this time the sun had set. For the most part this eliminated the reflection of the suns rays.

I felt there was communication between us. I asked for a sign. The cicadas started up and then was joined by a higher electric static noise. It was not pleasant to hear. It was a noise I had not heard before associated with the cicadas. The rest of the evening the cicadas were on the quiet side. A thought crossed my mind that the noise was the sign. 

It was dusk. Through the binoculars I watched it move toward a star that was only visible through the binoculars. It then moved below the star a short distance then continued on its original path. It stopped just over a binoculars width  from the star and moved away from me. Without the binoculars these movements were not visible. By total darkness it had disappeared from my view.

Occasionally it looked to have a 1cloud1 form around the top.

I feel that the triangle the stars formed and the smaller triangle that it went into had some significance. 

Where distance seemed obvious in the beginning it was challenging at the end for comparison sake.
