{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-11 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73021","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3169,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5486674.json","updb_database_id":5486674}
{nd} Something fly past the porch that I was standing on and exploded right in front of me

I work the overnight shift in a group home in Montgomery NY. For the last few weeks there has been a bright light in the sky. The light flashes green, red and white lights. I want to believe that it is a planet or a star, but it moves its position in the sky from diagonally across the street, to directly across the street, above the house across the street. I have taped this light on my iPhone and iPad and I also have pics of it. A few weeks ago on either 11/2 or 11/9( it was definitely on a monday) I went out to have my last cigarette for the night. I stepped out onto the porch and saw this thing come flying across the sky. whe I was looking at it, I remembered, my mouth dropped and I kept saying to myself, what the hell is this? what the hell is this? But, I say this thing because I really don't remember what it was that I saw. I was on the porch and there is a small parking lot in front of the house, then street. I don't know how to estimate how far away it was, but this is a residential neighborhood and it was right in front of me! It was flying at the altitude of the top of the trees, I think. All I know is that it hit a point in the sky and it exploded. The sky lit up and blue and white sparks flew down from it. If it was actually lower than the tree top( even though this incident is recent, since I experienced it, I have been having a hard time recalling the specifics. I am actually working with a hypnotherapist to recall what the object was)there are power lines there, but the power in the area was not disrupted. When it exploded, I ducked thinking debris was going to fly towards me, then I ran into the house. I was so afraid that I ran in with a lit ciggsrette and that is a no no! I asked my coworker if she saw a bright flash of light from outside but she didn't. I had to go back out and quickly put out my ciggarette and I hurried back inside. I peeked out the door to see where the object either exploded or went into another dimension but everything seemed normal. The energy in this area is very weird. When I'm outside smoking, I always feel like I'm being watched from above and a few years ago, I captured some very weird images in this area.(I attachd a pic of something weird. Maybe MUFON can have it analyzed) True story and I'm not crazy.
