{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6113,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5525674.json","updb_database_id":5525674}
Small object with rhythmic bright light.

So I am a video editor. Occasionally I have to do renders on projects which takes anywhere from 5 min to 1hr depending on how big the project is. Normally during this time I like to walk around outside and smoke a cig to let time pass. Last night, I walked around as usual. Kinda warm night with very scattered low clouds. I notice on my way back to the apartment, a bright light in the sky behind me. I think nothing of it cause ive seen helicopters and planes around here all the time. Then i notice it gets REALLY bright and at this time i notice its not making any noise. It dims again, so I naturally think a cloud covered it. So I wait for the cloud to pass to see if I can get another look at it. It gets really bright again. Still not moving in the sky, it gets dim again. So i start counting in my head about how long before it would get bright again. It was about 10 seconds. So I waited and saw if it would do it again around the same time. And it did. It was like someone turning a dimmer switch to max very slowly every 10-12 seconds. I quickly ran back to the apartment, woke my girlfriend up and had her accompany me to the balcony where she was able to see it for herself. She could clearly confirm that it was like nothing she has ever seen before. And she used to live close to Miramar AFB. So she has seen alot of aircraft, and i could take her word for it if she said she hasnt seen something similar to this.

After not moving for a while, It started to drift toward the 5 hwy, while maintaining the same altitude and same rhythmic pattern of brightness. I asked my gf if she could describe the shape of the light while I was lookin for memory cards to put into my camera. She said it was "starry" shaped. When I initially saw it, I would say the light was shaped kinda like the atari logo, but i do not believe the device the light was coming from itself was. I would guess it was round but not much bigger than the shape of the light. as if the light took up most of the area at the bottom. I called the police but they showed up an hour later after it was long gone. 

While watching it, I was tryin to get my canon rebel t3 to record video but apparently my SD card's class doesnt allow a fast enough write buffer for this dslr to record video to. So I had to use a Kodak Zi8 point-n-shoot camera. So the quality is not the best BUT.  I do put my hands in front of the camera so there is point of reference that I am not zooming in to cause "aperture adjustments".  
As we are watching it, I started to punch all the holes in this thing as I could as to what it could be. 
Too slow to be a backscatter xray drone. or any other rear propelled UAV.
It wasnt a star. Considering 2 things, it was moving AWAY from the Earth's rotation relative to where the other stars were visable, and this Kodak doesnt have the light sensor to even view the northstar.
The stationary rhythmic lights would rule out a flare. I even suggested that it would be a chain of flares set to light in sequential order, but the lights were blue/white. Unless YU Magnesium flares are within the consumer bracket now, it should be reddish if they were flares cause of the Sulfur right? Not to mention the lighting would have to be timed perfectly.
We speculated it could be a hobbyist project or one of those toy ufos. It flew across the Entire skyline well out of the range of radio control. And the brilliance of the light looks like it would be quite out of the range of most consumers' budgets. I really do wish more people could have seen how bright it was. 

Those are really the two things about this sighting I cannot wrap my mind around. How it was just able to stand still then drift slowly without making any noise. And how it was able to project such a bright light.

Normally with lights, the brightest part is usually visible when its directly pointed at you. This thing seemed to have that effect despite what angle it was at while flying over. As if the light was focused on all points instead of one.

After it flew away out of view (continuing its consistent light behavior) I stood outside for the rest of the night wondering what it was, what it wasnt, and if anyone cared. I called the police when it first showed up because when it was stationary and pulsating, I didn't know if it was something about to hit the ground or what. 
I am not a fan of false reporting but I cant help but wonder if I reported something else more severe to get them out there quicker would have been overlooked once they saw what we saw. I would have been willing to risk it and will risk it in the future just to get a more authoritative witness to this. They were kinda dismissive and skeptical as I would have been 2 hours prior. 

I wish I could show you more and explain more. But really like most others, you had to be there.  I will promise everyone this though, I will start investing my money in more night-friendly camera equipment. I don't care how much it takes. This changed my life and my whole view on things. 

Thank you for your time. The videos I include are DIRECTLY from the camera's memory card. No tampering has been done in anyway.
