{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5474674.json","updb_database_id":5474674}
{dr}Woke up to a entity looking through window at me and lights behind it.

I was sleeping in the second story bedroom, that has a small window that looks through downstairs out through large living room windows and glass front doors, so I can see the street in front of my house. 
I awoke to see a being, that had a round head and round black eyes. It looked like a Charlie Brown character, and it was starring at me from the street looking directly at me. I turned my face away and moved to the side of my mattress that was on the floor and hid my head behind the pillow, so I could hide myself and peek over the pillow.
I looked and it was still there and it started floating toward my house starring at me, its human form was dressed in white. Then I saw car lights coming down the street, and I thought, "well now its going to get run over". The being turned into a grey rectangle and as the car drove through it, it disappeared for a moment and reappeared, still starring at me...I was scared and thought this being may hurt me because its intense stare, and I experienced the gray rectangle March 2013 abduction series of events. The only noticeable feature I could see on its face was 2 wrinkles on either side of each round, black glossy eye. A half sheer curtain on the front windows was like a vail, right below his eyes the whole time...even when he floated from the other side of the street up to the window, so I couldn't see a mount or nose.

I got up quickly and went to the kitchen to get the video camera monitor that views the street and front porch. I turned it on and saw 3 lights, like in a wide base triangle. Top lite was half blue and half white. The light was light a crystal radiating, glistening, exactly cut in half blue on top and white on bottom, it was very radiant...the 2 other lights were tear drop canister's each emitting a beam of white light....one in front and one in back...

I thought that's not a car, it doesn't have a red tail light. The tear drop head and tail light looked like police search lite type of shape and had a ring just behind the light. I didn't see the round headed being anymore, and the craft slowly hovered down the street to the west, out of site of the video monitor screen. I didn't see a craft, just the lights to whatever it was attached to, I don't know. I returned to bed.
