{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-16 06:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289674","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3571,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/674/mufon-5289674.json","updb_database_id":5289674}
Saw what I felt like a ufo

Hi
  I am nskrishna, from Vizag , Andhra Pradesh. I had just completed my 30min exercise on the terrace of my building. It was about 5:45-6:00pm when I completed my exercise.it just got dark. I was just laying down on my mat relaxing seeing the stars ,it was a relatively clear sky. After a few seconds I observed that a new star is there in the sky.
I am no professional.
The reason I noticed the new star is because , you know the three stars that are in a line like formation, from where I live those stars are one side, if you look to the left you can observe similar stars in line but with only two stars.

As I said after a few seconds of seeing the stars I noticed that there is a third star where there should have been only two stars. 
First I thought that they were the three star that are in a line, and thought that due to earth’s rotation I could see them here. 
Then I looked at the rest of the sky. Then I saw that those three stars that are in the same line were there in the general area I regularly see them.
Then I thought ok it is a Satellite.
Then it occurred to me that it has already been a few seconds since I saw the star like thing that I thought to be a star and it was not moving , it was in the same place, and it was in alignment with the other two stars. 
It looked as bright as the other two stars.
After a few seconds it seemed to start moving.
There were a few clouds in the sky and I thought that the clouds were moving so it felt like the object was moving.
Then I started to compare the distance between the two stars that were near it to the new object and observed that the object was actually moving. I was thinking what can it be , it looked like a star , was moving in great speed.
It moved feather down in great speed.(telling in 2d)
At this point I was convinced that it was not a star.
That’s when it took a right angle turn maintaining its speed.
I was just looking and was surprised.
I was thinking what object can move in that speed and take a right angle turn with that much smoothness.
It turned to the left side.(i am telling in 2d)
Went up again and at this point I could see it going up away from the earth. 
Then a cloud was passing from that area so I could not see what happened next .
After the cloud passed I could not see any thing.
It was surprising. 
it was not moving in the beginning.
The way it was Glowing.
The way way moved.
The way it took that left turn.
And the way it turned up again.
The way it moved so smoothly just like a bright dot moving across the sky with great speed.
I generally see a lot of plane that fly over.
I can tell that it was not a plane.
And the speed at which it travelled was so fast it could not have been any plane or helicopter or jet and things of such nature.
The amount of area that it covered in the few seconds was unnatural to me.
The way it moved was astonishing.
It was very surprising.
I truly believe that it was a ufo.
