{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527241","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/241/mufon-5527241.json","updb_database_id":5527241}
Unexplained wind gust on roof in calm weather at same time each event

This weird phenom started summer of 2010 and took place roughly 5 times then ceased. It happened again last pm for the first time since. I will try to describe as best as possible. Our house is a one story with a metal roof. The incident is as follows. It is a large gust of air that sweeps up against our exterior wall behind our bed and then onto the roof. The roof trusses then creak/squeak as if a large amount of weight has been placed upon them. We always noticed it when the weather was calm and no wind was present. It took place around 4am about five nights in a row then stopped. We have 4 dobermans and they always start barking aggressively when it happens. They're barking response is timed perfectly with the gust and trusses squeaking. We haven't heard it in a while and just forgot about it but it happened again last pm at 430am. My wife and I both hear it together because it is the trusses right above our bed and that exterior wall is at the head of the bed so we are right there. It woke us both up last pm. It's a weird thing because we always notice it when the weather is calm. The wind gust only last a couple of seconds then the trusses creak quickly. It sounds crazy but it makes me think of something swooping in and landing on the roof. I know it can't be a bird because of the weight issue. For example we had a storm a few weeks ago that had wind gusts of 80mph and the trusses creaked then. That is the only other time I've heard them creak. We also have never heard anything on the metal roof scratching etc. I don't have a clue what it is. I'm thinking of putting up a deer camera and see if I can catch a glimpse of what it could be. I'm writing you because I'd like to know if you've heard of anything similar to this from others in the area etc. We also live up on a large ridge and have 40+ mile views. It would make a good perch for something. Sorry this isn't a sighting of something.
