{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288241","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/241/mufon-5288241.json","updb_database_id":5288241}
Observed and slowly moving on a path

I was working at the Bullhead City, AZ Home Depot at the time in the Summer of 2006. They started building a new Lowe's in town, so many of my fellow workers left, for a new opportunity elsewhere. On a warm night, during the Summer, a few of us stepped outside after the store had closed for a smoke break.. The store always closed at 8PM. It was roughly 8:30 PM when a coworker noticed some very bright lights over the Mohave Generating station, ( Which was a major electrical generator at that time). There was a bright triangle above it's smokestack illuminating everything. I thought nothing of it at the time even though I prescribed to UFO Magazine! What the [removed/CMS/fgc]? I got off work at 10PM, proceeded S on HWY 95, to stop at Walmart and get my Father some beer, when I noticed these same bright lights in the sky, but a perfect triangle, lights on every point, but a huge bright light in the center. Once I left the store I proceeded South. Less than a quarter mile away the traffic slows from the speed limit of 45 MPH to about 20 MPH and I see it right above me to the right.. I literally saw the old man in the passenger seat car in the fast lane point up to the sky . He saw it too.. By then I was at about 10-15 MPH. This triangle, lights on each point, big strolling one in the center is stationary on the right.. It creepily dashes left in front of me... And it is spinning counter clockwise while doing this... then it darts NE a few hundred feet.. The last blink occurs on the light in the center, then all lights go off at the same time instantly. I was so freaked when I got home. I know others witnessed this event. I saw them witness it. Even if there are 0 reports on this matter from the past.. I look back and wonder.. Why was Mohave Generating station closed SO FAST after these events and experiences? I ended up working later for a competitor, and witnessed the implosion of the smoke stacks. It was a brutal end to a much needed power source which most went to CA. I wish I had the video, because this thing (triangle ship) was BRILLIANT!
