{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-30 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461241","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2258,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/241/mufon-5461241.json","updb_database_id":5461241}
3 lights hovering and pulsating and perhaps moving seemingly contained within a circle not much bigger than the 3 lights.

I have seen this 5 or 6 times now over the last year and have been on the phone with my neighbour 600 yds away while he has been watching it at the same time. A neighbour of his also told him he had seen it but hadn't mentioned it to anyone for fear of looking a fool. 

My best guess is that it looks around 1 mile away at 45 degrees elevation. 3 lights move or pulsate continuously within a strictly defined invisible circle. The position of the circle does not move at all. It is absoloutely static in the sky. I thought perhaps it could be a drone with lights but it stays in the sky for hours. 
I got my video camera out once but couldn't find it in the view finder. It was quite late in the evening so I didn't persevere for long and I was a little surprised not to be able to find it in the view finder but perhaps I just needed a tripod.so I now have my tripod ready in case it makes another appearance.

My neighbour 600 yds away has observed it more often than I have and says he has seen it shower out pink lights downwards like welding sparks.He usually describes it with his hands a bit like the movement of 'hide the coin under the cup, where there are 3 cups that you move with your hands'. It's a very repetitive pattern. He has also seen it in slightly different locations but always from his home location.

The lights have been up several times for hours at a time so I would think there must be many more local witnesses who simply haven't bothered reporting it. I'll keep the camera handy to get some footage if it appears again.
