Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2088                       12-03-2025                       05-06-2025
                                     Report:                     Resolution:

   Location:         Santo Domingo      Region:      Valparaíso     Classification:      Closed


                 Reported what he described as a silver saucer, with a size of 20 to 100
Summary:        meters, visible to three witnesses for more than a minute, flying
"From the west. No direction was indicated where it was last seen."

Testimony (sic): "On February 23, I went to play golf with my brother and a friend. When we were about to finish the 7th hole, I took a picture to post on personal social media. After the game, when reviewing the photo, I noticed this strange object in the sky. I had never seen anything like it. Additionally, the lens of my cell phone camera is always clean. (The sighting is in video format but"
User: It's a photo, I couldn't convert it; it stayed in that format because ".

The case was studied based on the images received with the names "Avistamiento Location.PNG", "Avistamiento Photo.mp4" and "Indicated Avistamiento Photo.mp4".

The location provided by the user was georeferenced in the coordinates (Figure 1) and adjacent to the one that would make visible what is depicted in the image of Figure 2.
Investigation:


                                                     Figure 1
              The file metadata only indicates that it is a 544 x 719 image, stored
              as a PNG.

              Figure 2 displays the reported object and highlighted by the same user.


                                                   Figure 2

              The user was requested the original file in emails on March 12 and 13,
              he argues that the image was obtained through the network application.
Social media Instagram and that he would try to rescue the original. By the close of this
              investigation, there is no record of a response.


              Due to the lack of basic information to conduct the study, the investigation
              folder was closed according to numeral 2b (Only cases reporting original images,
              audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on
              Procedure, Investigation Timelines, Reception, and Report Preparation.
SEFAA Executive and Report Archive. Case classified as Report.
