{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-05 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2773,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5452281.json","updb_database_id":5452281}
disapeared before my eyes

On March 5, 2018 , 4:45 PM I was at my son''s house in Souderton,pa. I was in the basement replacing a switch for him. I came out of the house to put my tool in my car and leave. For some reason I looked up in the sky, and saw this object. The sky had no clouds and was clear blue. The sun was just going down on the horizon. I looked at it for a minute or two and realized it was not the moon. It looked too close for the size. At that time my son's wife drove in from food shopping. My son came out to help bring groceries in. I called their attention to the disk. They saw it but were hassled by the little kids and didn't pay much attention to it. I carry a pair of cheep binoculars in my car. I looked at the thing. It was round, glowing white, but the right edge had a slight gray shading to it in the shape of what I can describe as a mid-evil axe head. I left went home and ran into my house to get a better scope. The first thing I grabbed was a spotting scope used for target shooting spotting. (Bad choice) I went in my back yard and tried to find a stable support for the scope. I was excited to much to find the object with the scope. I gave up and just stood there watching it as the lightly grayed area started to shimmer. Just like octopus an cuttlefish do as they change color. It didn't move, just became invisible. Two night later it had snowed. The next night I was in my kitchen making diner and looked out my kitchen door window and noticed my neighbors roof was brightly lit. I went out to see where the light was coming from.There was no sound and the shadow cast by the tree and chimney was moving.I ran inside and out my front door to see where the light was coming from. It was a matter of 5-10 seconds. I got outside and what ever was producing the light was no longer there. There are no buildings tall enough in my area to have a light source to make the shadows move like they did. Slowly. later I checked my astronomy software and verify it couldn't be the moon because it was still below the horizon at that time. Come to find out latter that a semi local nuclear power plant (Limerick) was changing out the fuel rods .
