{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2824,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5490281.json","updb_database_id":5490281}
{cak} Giant orange blob moving at unreal speeds. Viewing for more than the length of time I did would have been impossible without multiple observers.

Just happened to look up while picking up my girlfriend from her work and viewed what I could only describe as an orange blob. The overall size and speed of the object made me pay attention to it. In my opinion, no definitive shape or detail could be inferred simply from the speed the object was moving other than maybe an oval shape with obvious skewing in detail. I am not too familiar with the properties that would be associated with an object moving at such unreal speeds, but I wonder if maybe even the color could be different from the intense speed it was moving as well. I ended up stargazing with her after we got back home so that I could reassure myself that what I had seen was not a comet, but the funny thing was to me, the comets seemed to move slower than this object. Not any grand difference of speeds probably because it was still viewable to my human eye, but seemingly faster, nonetheless. And there was extremely obvious differences. Comets were small objects with tails at much greater distances away. The size of the object I viewed was enormous. I was not capable of viewing it for more than a few seconds, but it still imparted me with this feeling of awe that such a large object was able to move at such great speeds. If I were to give a very loose definition of length and width it honestly would not be that far off from the length and height of a VW beetle even though it seemed to be a great distance in the sky. I wish I could have viewed it longer to get a better idea of the size because I feel I really might have seen a "mothership" move at near warp speed or something along such parameters--once again, not an expert though. I was left honestly with a greater inner peace after viewing this because I had believed in UFO's and the existence of aliens before this, so it was just a nice confirmation for me. The only thing that could be scary for me as a logical thinker is that an object of such size could move at that speed. The object was not interested in me or anything in the area. I was just lucky enough to briefly view it.
