{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27307","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5528281.json","updb_database_id":5528281}
Large fleet of 20 - 30 UFOs flys out of glowing cloud, overhead at around 3000 ft, close to us then is chased by another craft.

It was Thanksgiving night 2010 and my roommate, myself and my cousin were having a bonfire on our land and suddenly my roommate noticed a large group of objects coming out of the east low and fast. There were between 20-30 circular, ovular and spherical craft flying in "V" pattern formation out of a glowing blue cloud in the eastern sky. He pointed them out and we all quickly rose from our chairs and looked in shock. The tail end of the formation had long lit up streaks of fire trailing from them, making us think at first it was a meteor shower. It was not.

After nearly three minutes they passed very low over our heads to the north west, changing course from west to northwest with complete synchronization and absolutely zero sound whatsoever, and they were flying lower than passenger planes!

Once they passed over us we noticed that the craft on the outer left of the "V" formation left formation and flew in a complete 3601 arch up and around the group of other craft, something none of our jets or meteors can do. At this time one thing was certain, these craft wanted to be observed.

Suddenly a bright strobing blue, green & red orb appeared out of thin air about one kilometer to the south of the fleet of craft. This craft was at the same altitude as the others yrt much larger. It then proceeded to chase and catch up with others faster than anything we had ever witnessed before. The fleet of craft then proceeded to run from this object. They all dissappeared into the clouds in the distance. The whole incident lasted over four minutes and left the three of us in shock. We believed this to be the alien invasion we had always feared.

On a side not, both my cousin & roommate where hardcore skeptics and debunkers until that night. They now believe fully.
