{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40741","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5517281.json","updb_database_id":5517281}
(gs) Two Pulsing Starlike objects decending towards me breaking up into two other lights in triangle formation.

In April 2005,
Approximately 6PM, I was traveling on the highway heading from Arizona into Nevada heading up towards Boulder/Las Vegas, Nevada. At dusk time, I decided before going into town and through the long line of cars heading up to Boulder Dam Area, that I would camp one last night along the road and so I pulled off the main Highway heading North and onto a service dirt road along the main highway and headed into the vicinity somewhere south of Lake Las Vegas.
Since I was alone I had no intention to venture into Boulder/Vegas that night and find a hotel. Instead I ended up in the middle of this marshy dry desert creek bed in my Ford Explorer and decided I was far enough away from the main highway to park and fall asleep for the evening.  As the nighttime darkness came around I could see the lights and flight path of the jet airliners flying from the West of me in the horizon, probably leaving McCarran Airport and trailing off towards the East. I was facing South East outside of my truck watching the night sky and noticing all the air traffic, blinking lights and shimmering stars. It was a seeming clear night. Again, as I was looking in a Southerly direction I noticed this star-like light getting brighter and brighter and pulsating orange, reddish and white, as it was headed towards me descending from the South Mountains, this star like light was coming in from nowhere, I can see that it was entering from space. Now, in contrast to the jet flight path, this light was very peculiar to me as I watched it get brighter and larger and at first it looked like a star but after about 10 minutes I could tell this light was entering the atmosphere and headed down towards my area of the desert.  Watching about 20 minutes, I then noticed that this light broke off into two other lights and they came down towards me in a triangle formation but still high in the sky. What I saw were now, three lights in a perfect triangle formation way above the jet airliner trail path in the distance and rotating in on my vantage point. Then I could see that another star like pulsating light (just like the first one) coming down the same way as the first and it also broke off into 3 lights flying in the same triangle formation, now six lights heading down toward me in a rotating manner. 
I watched this for about 20 more minutes and it seemed to me as if these two triangle formations were comprised as of 6 total lights. I watched this for a while as these lights were changing colors and rotated and came closer down towards my truck. I was fascinated watching this distinctively and succinctly from just outside of my SUV.
I don1t know how long I watched this for but these lights kind of danced in on me as if they were examining my camp from way up above. I can1t recall how low they came into me but it was clear in my mind that these lights knew I was watching them maneuver in the night sky. It must have been for a while, maybe over an hour because the weather surprisingly started to get drizzly and a little rainy during this event. Even though I could feel rain on my face and my clothes were getting wet I stayed watching these fascinating lights. They seemed strangely friendly to me and I was not at all scared, just fascinated. 

Now, I don1t remember falling asleep after that spectacle but I woke up in the driver1s seat of my white Ford Explorer with my hands gripping on the front steering wheel. And, After I woke up early that morning (approx. 5AM), I did feel a little awestruck and I after checking myself, my wallet and my keys, I began to start the SUV and drove thru some mud back onto the main highway shoulder and proceeded to drive up North West to Lake Mead, Boulder Dam area.

This is the truth to the best of my knowledge and I attest that I was not under any influence of neither alcohol nor any neither illegal nor prescription drugs at the time nor during any of my short camping adventures across the desert.

Marcus von
