{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-06 13:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5475281.json","updb_database_id":5475281}
I live on 14th floor, amateur astronomer. I recorded on iPhone the bald eagles flying over the city after I noticed a flash on my video so I slowed down and see many flying objects. Quite noticeable!!!!

I live on 14th floor, amateur astronomer. I recorded on iPhone the bald eagles flying over the city after I noticed a flash on my video so I slowed down and see many flying objects. Quite noticeable!!!!
It was 1:53 pm last Thursday July 6/17 usually I see a couple of bald eagles flying around the city buildings in front on my condo, so on my balcony I just recorded the birds flying around. I love the eagles. 
After reviewing my video I noticed a flash in the sky where I was looking, I slowed the video up and down and clearly I can see this disc fly by the eagles at tremendous speed at 31-32 second mark and after that there are many different objects flying with this disc through out the video as well looking deep into sky there are more distant objects in back ground of sky. Hard to see the distant ones as it is daylight!! Moving video slider for speed makes it all clear to see!!

I am an amateur astronomer. I have a telescope observatory on my balcony for moon and planets(city lights) but in the day when I am home I record and observe most anything, ie;
Ships moving up and down The Fraser River, aircrafts flying in and out of YVR airport and birds! 
I have quite a few UFO sightings during my adult years and captured some interesting photographs and videos. To honest I don't go out looking for UFO's and such, I am always doing something else like using telescopes or taking photos of birds and such! 

Since moving into my 14th floor condo I have been capturing more unusual things than I have I could have WANTED!
To be clear I am concerned by these experiences and would like some help dealing with this 
UFO phenomenon information and such.
