{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5506281.json","updb_database_id":5506281}
{nd} Witnessed 5 red/orange strobing flame like balls in sky appeared from nowhere on Thanksgiving night at 8:13 to 8:16PM seen above Huntington Beach, Ca. USA.4 in rectangle formation

11/29/13 Thanksgiving Day, I had just purchased a television the Kohls store in Huntington Beach, California, and a store clerk was helping me carry my boxed item to my car. As I finished covering up my television inside the car with a towel, the store clerk quickly said, "Oh my God! What is it?" I looked up into the and saw five bright reddish-orange glowing flame like objects in the sky facing North from the Adams and Brookhurst parking lot. The sky behind was clear but there was a little bit of faint clouds in the direction where the unidentified objects were seen. No planes or helicopters were in sight. This was at approximately 8:13 PM. We both were staring at these items in amazement for a minute then I realized I could try taping the incident with my cell phone. My purse was in the front of the car and it took a minute to prepare my camera. As I tried to get the cell camera ready, the four objects that were on the right in a rectangular formation fizzled out and dissapeared into thin air. At 8:15 PM, I was able to get a short video of the one strobing light that stayed to the left of the sky. It remained in our vision for another minute or so moving slightly from side to side. Then it disappeared. But it reappeared quickly and I got a few snapshots of the light object. I took the name of the store clerk and got his phone number as a reference.  I also took his photo because he witnessed this event with me. He noticed two other people watching but they had driven off from the parking lot. I stayed for awhile in my car and posted this information on Facebook.  I kept an eye out to see if anything would return. I only saw a plane later closer to Newport Beach about 45 minutes later. What were these things? I visited the store clerk, Matt in the store and we were both astonished and cant understand what we both witnessed together. We were afraid that it was a possible attack of some sort at first sight. Luckily so far nothing has happened.
