{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-04 15:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282281","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121179","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/281/mufon-5282281.json","updb_database_id":5282281}
Took a pic saw it later in pic

Took a pic of a very strange cloud formation day befor3 hurricain irma and did not notice ufo camouflaged in clouds until 4 years later when I was zooming in on every portion of picture of cloud formation and the there it was plain as day…camofluged in the clouds really far up in the sky ..so far 5hat there is no way I could have even seen it with my eyes…well not until I zoomed in on pic of cloud formation which I was on an old country desolate rd. I included the original cloud formation and the zoomed in portion of ufo. Also included pic of mound next to my uncles house which USF owns. I was afraid to sleep at my uncles and then my family made me move into his house when he was staying with my mom. The reason I didn’t want to sleep at his house next to mound is because one night i he’ll a sleep on his couch and I had a nightmare that me and my uncle and his neighbors wer3 being chased around the mound by something..It was so real the dream. I told my uncle about dream and he told me every Friday around 5 Pm a black helicopter drops off a senator on top of the mound. One day I heard helicopters and went out and sheriffs dept was flying righ5 above our tress and over the mound and the neighbors adult kid told me they were just doing maneuvers her dad who is a Leo told her. One night I was leaving my uncles house and right across from the mound this animal looking intelligent…was standing on his back legs upright like a human and walked right across the road in front of me…he stopped mid way and turned and just looked at me for a second..it was so weird. He looked like one of those panda mix things like a cross between a raccoon and a red fox..he had a mask like a raccoon but he was red with a tan chest rather skinny and standing upright walking perfectly across the street looking both ways for on coming traffic. My uncles house is maybe an 8 th of a mile at most where I took pic of ufo in clouds.
