{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285295","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2761,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/295/mufon-5285295.json","updb_database_id":5285295}
Bright white light flickered twice, then just disappeared.

While driving Eastbound Route 50 between Easton and Wye Mills, MD at approximately 11pm, I see a bright white light up in the sky, on the left side of the road towards the northeast. It was a clear night with no clouds and full moon. This bright light was much higher in the sky then the nearest tree line. Judging by how far away and the direction of this light, it may have been over Grasonville/Stevensville/Annapolis area. 

The sighting lasted only 10-15 seconds in which a bright, large, white light was moving at very slow speed from the northeast in a southernly direction. What caught my attention was when the light totally disappeared for a second and then the light reappeared and 3 seconds later the same thing occurred again. After the light reappearing a second time and stayed on for 5 seconds, the light just totally disappeared for good. This was strange with no clouds in the sky. I continued driving towards the Bay Bridge and intensely looking for the light, somewhat doubting what I saw and looking for a resolution, but I never saw the light again. Approximately 20 minutes after the initial light sighting, I was at the middle span of the Bay Bridge crossing from east to west and looking over the Annapolis area and I did notice a large presence of 6 similar aircraft evenly spaced apart, moving slowly, and spread out moving from the southeast to the northeast. In my opinion, at the time, I thought perhaps these were military helicopters. I never made a connection at the time until arriving home and then it occurred to me that perhaps there was based on previous UFO reports. 

I have never been on this MUFON sight before until tonight to check and see if perhaps someone else reported a sighting in the same area. That fact that someone did report a sighting in the same area just hours afterwards and a second report several miles north in Baltimore the day before my sighting has encouraged me to report my short sighting but also perhaps more importantly, to mention possible military involvement and acknowledgement of these events over the last few days.
