{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-09-24 19:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505295","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/295/mufon-5505295.json","updb_database_id":5505295}
Phoenix Boomerang drone Ufo in Holland.

One evening in 1988 me and my brother were playing outside , i was on a skateboard while having a rope attached to my brother's bike so he could pull me forward. It being a bit late around 7 o clock it was twilight and i coincidently look up and saw a simular to the Phoenix boomerang ufo (albeit much smaller in size) flying up only 1 meter above the rooftops of the houses. We were less then 20 yards away from it, in astonishment i shouted my brothers name and said "LOOK!!!" , 

A boomerang shaped ufo, with lights surrounding its edges that were clearly turned off , the boomerang ufo was pitch black and it floated without making any noise in a straight line over the houses to the east over the city of Volendam in the Netherlands. Me and my brother tried to chase it to no avail, the two of us running back in complete panic back to our parents house we slammed the front door open while screaming "ufo ufo ufo" my mother burst out in laughing she said " yeah right,you saw little green men with antenna's on their head didn't you? " , begging and pleading it was true what we saw, it's 2014 and she still doesn't believe us, after that time i shortly believed even my own mother was conspiring with the aliens to conceal their existence, luckely my father was showing more compassion by saying "well it could be that they saw something right?" 

Just days after they broadcasted a UFO documentary on the television, i was terrified from watching that but none of the ufo's looked like the boomerang ufo me and my brother saw, months later i read about a boomerang ufo in a book only to be terrified and confirmed that what we saw was really real. 

Many years later i was astonished by the Phoenix light sighting once i saw about it, and the many simularities it had, except the size and the lights, the Phoenix lights were gigantic and the lights were turned on, in our case it was in comparison a 10 yard small pitch black boomerang , the only reason i noticed it was because it was much darker then the twilight sky and caused a contrast as such, also unlike the Phoenix ufo all of its lights were turned off. I really had the idea it was a sort of spy investigation ufo , i couldn't believe how advanced it was.

It was noiseless, i mean i first thought it was an American Spy plane or something but that didn't make any sense since i live in Western Europe and Americans nor the Russians possesed that kind of technology (now that i think back about it, i actually was an avid military airplane picture collector as a kid) all the airplanes i know make noise,

and in 1988 drone useage wasn't as extensive as it is now, and as far as i know most drones make noise, and it's design was so akward, none of it matched anything i've seen before, so i am better at sleeping then at drawing picture's but i'll try to give a basic picture of what i've seen.
