{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-25 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286295","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/295/mufon-5286295.json","updb_database_id":5286295}
Colorful Lights From my Living Room Window EVERY NIGHT, was even on the News

The entire corner of my house in the living room is made of Windows. Since I changed my furniture around where all I have to do is Glance, I can See everything going on out of my living room window, I see VERY bright lights in the sky EVERY night & I mean EVERY single NIGHT for the past few months. Its starts about 8:45 pm & goes until about 3am. I posted on my FaceBook pg (under [name removed/cms/rjl]. A couple weeks ago my mother told me it was on the news. Apparently they had a panel commenting on what each person thought about what these lights were. They have these AMAZING and beautiful colors. They actually Look like FIRE under binoculars. Its shaped like a triangle and has every color in the rainbow. The colors bounce around like a fire would. A few days ago I finally purchased some IR, night vision Binoculars that take video & pics. I CANT CAPTURE the colors no matter what I do. On my FB page I was able to capture JUST ONE VIDEO with colors. I tried a tricky manuever by video taping, with my phone, into the regular binoculars because looking thru the regular binoculars, is the ONLY way you can see all those VIBRANT colors. Its truly amazing! 
As days go by, the skies seem to be getting more active with helicopters, planes, and very "interesting" looking plane type objects. These planes are something Ive never seen before. These HUGE plane type crafts can go very slow and it looks like its searching for something. One time I looked thru the binoculars and It looked like ONE craft was either "attached" OR dragging another one, it was VERY odd. 
Since Ive received the night vision IR binoculars a few days ago, Ive noticed I can see things that are UNABLE to be seen with the naked eye. The most shocking was these little tiny flashing orbs FLY INTO a way bigger ORB and little ones never come back out. I actually bought the new IR Binoculars because things seem to be getting MORE active in the sky these last few weeks. Between the FLASHING lights and ORBS and all the planes, helicopters, etc flying around, its seems to be a light show out there. Its drivng me crazy that I have NO idea what these things are. I want to know whats out here EVERY NIGHT. PLUS other flying planes, helicopters, & some WEIRD looking PLANE type craft that moves very slow, seems to ALSO be looking for something. Sometimes these orbs will dissipate when a plane or helicopter passes & sometimes they stay put. Ive Had about 9-10 family members come by my house trying to figure it all out as well. Many of my family members are skeptical until they come check it out themselves. My Biological dad & step mother live in an attached apartment to my house, so thats why all their info is the same as mine. I cant attach any videos or photos because they are all on my I-PHONE OR my New BINOCULARS and I cant figure out how to download them (none are on my computer) Im not really technically savvy, if you can tell. =) PLEASE see my facebook( [name removed/cms/rjl]- in Happy Valley, OR) because ive been able to post pictures and videos there, not ALL of them, but many good ones. I was skeptical at first to even post them because my family owns an HVAC distributorship here in OREGON. We have many employees and several stores thru-out the Pacific NW. My "other set of parents", who I work for, are pretty skeptical of things but havent said too much to me so far. My Mother DID share that the LIGHTS ive been seeing were on the local news. Its odd though because I cant find it anywhere ONLINE. I am actually looking for someone to COME SEE or at least help me figure out what these things are.... Its every night for the past several months ( and maybe even before that, Ive just never noticed before this). You never have to worry that they WONT show up, thats for sure. Anyway Thank you for hearing my request for help. I appreciate ALL YOU DO to help people, even if youre too busy for me at this time. Take care and please feel free to call anytime. Best regards, [Name removed/cms/rjl] in Happy Valley OR.
