{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-07 21:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5530436.json","updb_database_id":5530436}
Witnessed a bright, high flying object traveling at very fast speeds.

7/7/10 9:53 PM EST.

I was at small gathering of friends on top of a place we call Boenhill, in Northfield, Vermont. We were sitting around a bon fire when someone noticed this object coming from South to North. I was in the treeline when it was first noticed and I ran out to the field near the bon fire to take a look.

There was 9 of us there that night and we all saw this object.

It flew from South to North and covered the entire skyline in 45 -60 seconds.
The object did not make any sound. Planes fly over Bonehill all the time but we can hear them. This did not make a peep. 

The object was very bright and appeared fairly large in the sky. It was moving very fast and I have never seen anything move that fast.

The object flew right over us but it was appeared to be very high in the sky.
Being at night I really have no clue how far up it was but it seemed very high as we could not hear anything.

It was a incredibly clear night sky and all of the stars were visible.

There were some shooting stars that night but this was no shooting star.

Because it was such a clear night we were able to see satellites in the sky.

The object we saw was at least 1o times larger and brighter then any satellite I have ever seen.

After it flew over us it continued North and we were watching its backside. It had blinking lights on it(I think 2 blinking lights). After it went out of sight I went back into the treeline where we were playing cards.

About a minute later some of my friends saw it again and it was traveling from West to East. this time when I ran out I did not get to see it as it was over the hill already. But my friends claims it looked like what we had seen just earlier.

I am not sure what it was to be honest. I know alot about UFO's and military aircraft. In my life I have never seen a UFO. Every time I have looked up in the sky at some weird object I have been able to identify it.

This was some sort of aircraft for sure but it was no commercial airliner or anything like that. I also work next to an air national guard base in Burlington, Vermont. I see military aircraft take off and land all of the time. This object appeared to fly much higher and made no sound. F-16s and F-15 make a ton of sound.

IMO this had to either be a new military spy plane or something even more bizarre.

As it flew over head my friends scrambled for their cell phones to take photos and/or video. I have not seen any of this yet but I am hoping there is something captured.
