{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-11-08 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2952,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5484436.json","updb_database_id":5484436}
{rjl} Flash of light illuminates our yard. Orange orb hovering. It descends, ascends, travels left then reverses without slowing. Another object appears. F-16s follow.

November 8, 1995 at approximately 8:40p.m., in rural Rosholt, Wisconsin, there was a flash of light that illuminated the entire area around our house. I was in the basement and my mother and stepfather were upstairs. 

We all went to the front door and noticed an orange orb hovering over a tree line, to the south. I am not sure of the distance, but my best guess is around a half-mile. The object appeared several times the size of a star. It appeared to glow slightly, but the shape was a solid sphere. The orb hovered in the same spot for about 20 minutes. The orb then slowly descended below the tree line until what must have been close to ground level, then ascended back to the original elevation. This took approximately 30 seconds. The orb then traveled east at a speed similar to an airplane. After traveling for about ten seconds, the object reversed direction instantly, without any change in speed. The object arrived back at the original location and disappeared. 

At the same moment the orb disappeared, a circle of 8-10 large, bright lights flashed one at a time directly over the field to the south/southwest of our yard. I would say it was no more than 500 feet from our front door, and 250 feet above ground. There was no sound. I would estimate that the width of the object/lights was 75-100 feet. Once the last light went out, there were no more sightings. 

We continued to look around, all of us a little "freaked out" now. After a couple of minutes, military jets flew over. I thought it sounded like they were flying to the northeast, but I couldn't be certain.

I phoned the Stevens Point Municipal Airport and reported what I saw. I was told they hadn't seen anything. I then phoned the Stevens Point Journal newspaper. They told me that they had received multiple reports of 2 F-16s "chasing a UFO." 

The November 9 1995 Stevens Point Journal has a front page article with a quote from a Lt. Col. saying that it was the 115th Fighter Wing of Traux Field in Madison, Wisconsin "practicing night flying." The article concludes with "The only thing they were chasing after were themselves." (I still have this newspaper if the full article is needed)
