{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-02 23:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5051,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5482436.json","updb_database_id":5482436}
{nd} Saw amazing sighting 23 June. Was watching as lights formed , raced around, floated, appeared, disappeared.

I love to be outside, my porch is how I can enjoy that, so I do.We are in the flight path of some aircraft heading into Dayton international some miles away as well as traffic for Wright Patterson AFB I see etc.I often watch as used to fly when I could.
  On 23 June 2016 I was outside looking at the stars and saw what I thought was an inbound aircraft as it had a red light on the right, to me appearing like a directional light.As a white light appeared to the left of the red one, I thought landing light immediately, but soon realized that it was not near bright enough.Now really focused on it, I noticed the flight path was appearing way to low . That's when it got really close and stopped.The white light moved slightly left,appeared to get stringy , then up and down it went. It is moving up and down rapidly making the actual shape hard to determine.
  Now I am hollering for my son to come and see.He gets out on the porch in time to see it make a straight line exit to the right speeding up as it went.I was trying desperately to get pictures or a video, but not being as young as I was once nor any good with this small phone,I dropped the ball,no pics. The neighbor guys were sitting in their car while this was going on almost over top of them.When they came upstairs I ran to the door and asked them if they saw that?In my zeal to explain, I told one of them to come onto the porch.I start yappin' about what I just saw, and he says, " you mean that there? " Yep ,came back over from our right, flew straight and level, stopped , reversed direction and looked like it was sort of leaving vapory string behind as it went. But the leading spot got almost laser red as it increased in speed.It was surreal.
  So,forward to the night of July 2,2016. I am watching for sure now a lot. I see a few home fireworks rising and falling nothing to write home about. In the S W direction sits the old mound plant. They used to make nuclear triggers, now mostly things like thermo electric generators for the Cassini spacecraft etc. Smart folks.
  In the far distance I see red lights starting to form a shape as it goes from far left to the right. Now they form into what an art student would call perspective lines, and begin to travel to a distant point as they disappear.There were some small white lights as well. Having called my son to see them, he arrived after they had nearly disappeared and did not see them. Just before he got there, I took a picture in the direction they fadded into ( 11:13 pm) . Not impressed at this one, he went back onto his computer. A few minutes later ( 11:17 pm)I spot a white light closer and higher up, so I take a picture but it disappeared quickly and I did not figure I had gotten anything. Boy was I wrong. Disappointed I was going over the pictures, I did see something.When showing them to my son and the image was green ,I told him when I saw it was white, which it was.So I went into the phones image place and began messing with the color.That is when I realized there were images in the other photo, but not the one I thought I was taking a photo of.The question kept going thru my mind that my son asked me,why is it green? After looking at the photo of the street I noticed that some of the light was green some not, why ? Then it came to me, some lights are incandescent some are mercury vapor. In the one photo, it may just be me, but I think I see counter rotation happening. When I took the photo all I saw was a white light momentarily move quickly and to the right and out.I believe it captures a transformation of matter or light itself into a cloaking phase shift.
 Until next time, that's all I got...
