{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-03-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5503436.json","updb_database_id":5503436}
{cak} 5 Red dots movong in diamond / cross formation almost bending time in their movements. Checked w/ Maxwell Airforce Base -no flights scheduled that night. 1 other witness w/ me. As well as AF officer checking flight plan.

I walked outside our apartment at the Village Green Apartments in Montgomery, Alabama to have a cigarette and looked up. There were almost no city light, thus, making it very clear to see. Called out to my Girlfriend (both sober) and I was awe struck. I felt an immediate connection and it came closer. My grandfather and I were Airplane buffs - he built his first plane when 17 - it flew. The motions appeared as if you you were watching a bus go east at 35 mph while a juggler walked west while juggling, but w/ perfect symmetry. The object seemed as if it dropped from 20,000' to under 10,000' then went back up and shot off just like in a movie to the Ne Sky into a thick constellation- if I recall correctly. My girlfriend's father was not even phased. He was was a scientist w/ the U.S. Air force. He was like "yeah". He almost seemed that he was aware and was considering retiring. Two weeks later I was walking into my house and my Girlfriend and Mother were sitting about 18 feet away from me. As I walked through the door a flash of White Light consumed me in 12' to 15' radius. They both saw it. Maybe a month or two later while visiting my mother I felt a strange sensation in my head as if my dominant eye was going from right to left. I held my hand over my eye and sure enough, I was now left eye dominant. My left hand became so much more useful but only lasted a couple of weeks. I've never felt comfortable about coming out and I'm not sure I ever will. I would just like answers. 
 
 I met w/ a Chineese Medicine Guru who hipnotized me in 2000 while living in Los Angeles. Afterwards I was crying and he said I'd been abducted as a child. I thought it was B.S., however, his story was just like a reoccurring dream I had between the age 3 and 5 where I was in my own house w/ greys doing experiments, but I was never frightened until I woke up, because I couldn't move for minutes and my parents would never wake up. I do remember one time where they would not wake up, but i don't recall anything before that. I'd take a lie detector test in a heart beat. I never felt threatened by these dreams. In fact when I experienced the left eye dominance shift. I felt as if I saw the the universe and felt as if I were levitating, but perhaps not. I saw the Davinci Man and then almost a tunnel of truths and enlightenment. Everything else in the world seems insignificant now. And feel as if I'm waiting to find out something more. Please keep my info private. I'm not sure if my Ex or her father would come forward. So I don't feel comfortable disclosing that information at this juncture. I would like to talk to a few others that have experienced this who are not full of B.S. conspiracy theorists that have been through the same thing. 

  Thank you for listening,
   [Name removed/cms/tg]
