{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5516436.json","updb_database_id":5516436}
{cak} very bright diamond or triangle with rotation, following an airplane with normal beacon lights.

i was at the Manker Flats Campground in the san gabriel mountains in southern california this was after 10pm didn't get the exact time though. while looking up to watch for meteors (Perseid Meteor Shower peak 8-11\12-12)saw a bright object moving in a general south to north direction, when the object came closer we could see that it was following a plane, though very bright a high temperature blue white, it had a very defined outline. but from my viewing angle i could not clearly make out a shape, (triangle, diamond, or disc)another person with me also saw the object as im sure most people in the campground did, the person with me is an A&P mechanic and one of the first things he said was that it did not look like any plane he had ever seen. I clearly heard the jet engine from the plane being followed, but i pretty sure i did not hear a second plane. i wont say im certain because i was in a canyon and there were echos. object was last seen traveling north east from manker flats area. not sure if related but later that night at least one helecopter was overflying the area directly north of the campground it, it circled in what i take to be a search pattern, overlapping circles, and did turn on its search light but only for a minute then it flew out of my direct sight, later on there was alot of trafic heading up the road including some heavy diesel vehicles that sounded like they were in a hurry, this must have been around 3am. it was very quiet and the traffic going up was clearly heard, i took it to be a rescue opp but i havent heard anything on the local news about one, it looked like quite a large opperation. Relatives in pomona valley also told me about a similar object,we think it was the same one, flying on a more west to east direction only to change directions and follow a plane that crossed its path, now heading north in the directions of the san gabriel mountains, which was were i was, they were also watching the meteor shower. never posted on here, or taken part in the online ufo community, but i know several people including my self and an expert in aircraft operation saw something "unusual" many witnesses and large amount of official activity after
