{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5481436.json","updb_database_id":5481436}
A diamond shaped craft comprised of 4 rotating, gem-like lights seen near Victoria, British Columbia

Let me start this by stating that I am a Christian and Jesus Christ is my biggest inspiration. I saw something with 2 friends on a night in October 2015 at a beach near Metchosin on Vancover Island that defies explanation. I have tried to rationalize it to myself and have attempted to bring it up to my friends and loved ones but I never have because it sounds so ridiculous. It's not like I'm from a super religious community or anything, I just can't find a way to bring up the subject without finding myself ridiculous. I was down at the beach one night with a friend from work and his friend and they were showing me around the area (I had just moved there 5 months previously). From where we were standing, to the immediate west lies the far reaches of the Olympic Peninusla in Washington State, effectively blocking the view to the open ocean. We were sitting parked in his car facing said Olympic Mtns when a bright object like a shooting star flared up in the sky and began a fast descent in the distance over Washingston. Fair enough, I thought, I've seen enough shooting stars in my day to recognize one and that was a beauty. But then the falling bright golden star stopped in mid air and then began what can only be desribed as a series of colourful permutations and zig-zag patterns in the sky over Washington state. The whole time I was trying to rationalize what I was seeing as some kind of flare or something because it was just too unreal. We were at this time on the western shore of Vancouver Island looking Northwest and this is when the bright object started hovering over the Straight of Juan de Fuca, an international boundary, towards Canada. As it got closer, you could make out what it was and this is the part that still freaks me out...it was a rotating diamond shaped craft, kind of like a drone, it was comprised of four rotating lights that were a shining ruby red colour. The three of us just kind of stared at it and tried to laugh it off. I remember feeling peace in a way I had never felt before, like I was completely powerless and that was okay. My mind went completely blank and I felt so numb or peaceful, I'm not sure. I don't even want to believe it as I write this, it was just so undescribable. It hovered right over top of us, right into Canada heading east until we couldn't see it anymore. I distinctly remember looking and not believing what my eyes were seeing. It scared me. I still have my faith but I am now more open to the possibilities of the unknown universe.
