{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-13 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5472436.json","updb_database_id":5472436}
On Monday 11/13/2017 in the evening, I saw a UFO from my terrace that has a sea view.

I was at home watching TV. Our living room has a huge window that has an impressive view on the sea. 
From the couch, I can look through the window and see a broad landscape, with no obstacles, just sea and sky. 

Around 9.30pm, I see an unusual light in the sky, one that looks like a huge star, so I stand up and start to observe. I knew there was the event of Jupiter passing on Venus, but when I checked the time for that specific event it didn't correspond to what I was seeing. 

So I decided to take my professional camera to take some pictures so that I would be able to zoom in the image and understand better what was happening, also because the look alike star I first saw, had changed shaped, came closer and descended to a close point to the horizon, above the sea.

I start to take some pictures with the camera, sit back on my couch, zoom in the pictures and get absolutely shocked of what I see: 

- in the first picture, there are two UFO. One that I didn't see with my eyes because I was too focused on the light point. It was in a kind of round boomerang shape with some kind of multicolour led lights around it. I shot with a 2 seconds exposure and that object is perfectly sharp, it was static.

- the second UFO (the one I saw), that is in all my other pictures, has a very bright light and some kind of green "wing". I lost sight of it because it simply vanished by becoming smaller and smaller, and appeared again two/three times with about 10 minutes interval.
I wrote to my neighbour for her to look outside and see this strange thing and she saw it too. I'm not sure it was the same because it was the 4rd apparition and it was almost an hour from the first apparition and I was feeling very dizzy, confused and drained. I knew I had evidences of what I saw and that was enough to make me feel more calm.

I felt like I was seeing something very special and unique, but at the same time I felt scared because I didn't know what it was and if it could harm me somehow.
