{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-23 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2982,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5502436.json","updb_database_id":5502436}
Saw a craft sighting in a V formation before they split off into 4 different crafts in a spiral manouver then headed north super fast

On Friday May 23rd, 2014, at 10:25 pm, I was standing outside of my work with a co-worker on the south side of the building. I had just finished telling my co-worker about a meteor shower occuring that evening and was looking up at the sky in hopes of seeing the shower. 
The night was totally quiet at that moment. Not a single bird, cricket, or any normal night-time noise. And my initial reaction of "What The F@*% !!" was clearly heard by a person in a nearby backyard.
As I was looking up, I observed eight lights in a V formation approaching from the south in a northerly direction. When they travelled over my head, I could see that the object blocked out stars, and it was soundless. The object was approximately one hundred feet above me, and I could see clearly that the lights were "pot-light" and unblinking. I could see that the lights were outlined as if they were indented inside of an object.
My first thought was that this object might be a Stealth plane, but it was too quiet, given the altitude and speed.
As the formation travelled over the building, I ran away from the building to continue to observe, and as I got a clear view, they lights spilt apart into four separate groups of two, that started a spiraling aerial manouvers in different directions for approximately five seconds.
Then in unison, the four sets of lights, streaked north in a very, very fast speed, then out of my vision, or line of sight.
After fourty seconds, I then observed two planes that seemed as though they were flying in the same direction that the objects were traveling. These planes were about fifty feet of altitude apart and about one hundred feet away from each other longitudinal. The planes had normal plane characteristics, such as a straight flight path, blinking lights, etc.
This is the second time I have observed this particular object, at approximately the same time, three weeks prior, so I was pleased to see it re-appear and have at least my co-worker observe the last set of lights spiral then streak off. 
This sighting did scare me a lot, as it was closer than the first sighting, and it does defy what I "know to exist". No plane or any object that I have seen EVER in my life has acted in such a way that this object/s did.
