{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-16 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2680,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5548436.json","updb_database_id":5548436}
Bright sphere of light in the northern sky passing east to west

Last night around 10:30 or so, I had taken our dog out. As normal, I stood on the porch and tried to count the number of planes that I could see in the sky (we recently moved to this location where there is a very good view of the sky in several directions compared to where we had lived and you could only see the sky immediately overhead)...it struck me as odd that I couldn't see any this time. Then i looked to the north-east and notice a bright light that I at first thought was a low-flying plane...I wasn't able to get a good view at that time as it was being blocked by trees. After it came out from behind the tree line, I noticed that I was now looking at it from a side angle and the light was just as intese from this direction. I watched it continue it trek toward the west until it was behind the house. At that point, I went into the back-yard and continue to watch it. I called for my wife to verify that I was seeing something out of the norm. Now, the view was the rear of the "craft" (for lack of better word), and again, the light intensity was the same. 

I continued to watch it until it was out of site. Afterwards the realization of what just occured hit me and I realized that not once did I see any of the required strobe lights, nor, did I hear any sound either from a plane and/or a helicoptor. I also noticed that at no point during this did I see any other planes around. It was just surreal. 

Several moments after it passed out of sight, I then noticed that there were 3 or 4 planes flying through, all of which were easily identified as a plane because even though they were definately flying at a higher altitude, but, you could clearly make out the red and blue strobing lights.

I have spoken to a good friend of mine who stated that it could have been the space station, but, this appeared to be much closer...at this point, I have no clue what I saw. I remain somewhat skeptical, but, I guess what I saw was a UFO in it's truest sense in the fact that I can identify what it was.
