{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-22 19:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5290436.json","updb_database_id":5290436}
3 Silent illuminated objects, with occasional red-orange color

Recorded my first UFO sighting. It was about 10-20 min before the night took over the sky, during dusk here in St. Charles MO. I have a large picture window that faces N-NW and saw several objects (smaller than a plane, perhaps cargo van size) slowly drift by the window right to left. Some had no light at all and were only viewable against the dusk sky backlight. The other had an odd glow typically towards the bottom, but would drift around the craft some and occasional red or red/orange color became visible (captured in video). Video's never do these justice as seeing them with my eyes, I was able to see the black mass of the objects. They all seemed the size of a large square commercial dumpster, painted dark. With the light towards the bottom or side at times. The video is from my Note 8. I quickly rushed outside of my house to the front porch and started recording. If you look carefully, there are a total of 3 craft recorded. There was at least one or two more in the beginning that were missed. I was on my phone at the time of originally seeing them through window. I abruptly ended my call and rushed outside. The 1st craft is completely blacked out and to the left of the main one tracked. Finally the 3rd, I panned right to view at the very end of clip. If you crank up the sound, they were completely silent. You can hear the birds and car drive by the neighborhood intersection 1000 ft away. You can hear my frantic clicking on the side buttons to try a zoom out. Unfortunately I stopped the recording instead and didn't realize until too late, UGH. A weird thing worth sharing, is my picture window looks directly out along the incoming flight path of our large St Louis Lambert Airport. Normally there is a continuous stream of incoming aircraft along this common flight path out my window. There wasn't any before during and still now 30-40 min later. Not common, I never expected to see anything unusual out this window. Simply because of the high airport traffic. Truly unusual moment.
