{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-04 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66078","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5493436.json","updb_database_id":5493436}
{jpg} Ufo comes out of Portal

I belevie in 2006 I was abducted by extraterrestrail in Clarksville,Tennessee in the early morning hours of early December. Around 3:30 or 4:30am I was asleep in my room then awoke suddenly with a strong urge to get up and go smoke a cigarette in my garage. But when I got closer to the garage door I heard a voice in my head say "YOU NEED TO GO OUTSIDE" So, I said speaking upon what I just heard "YOUR RIGHT LET ME GO OUTSIDE" so as I stepped out the door I noticed that the sky was crystal clear it appeared as if every star in the sky was visiable. As I looked to the left I saw what appeared to be something like a rainbow it was purple and pink and it sat right above a tall tree in my neighbers back yard. It looked like a snakes body when it slithers so I said to my self what is that i've never seen that before. Then I looked off to the right of me still scanning the sky hoping I would see a ufo but I didn't so I turned back to look at the strange colors and as soon as my eyes locked on the colors a cirlce/oval ball of light surrounded by a green and blue gas or plasma subtance shot out 
and made a complete stop and hovered for app 10 seconds and started to move really slow for about 7 to 10 seconds before shooting off in super sonic speeds without makin a sound and left behind 6 circles that look like smoke rings with lines in between each of them. As I turned my head the object appeared to be coming back in the oppsite direction except this time it appeared to be far out with the stars and traveled out as far as I could see within 5 seconds so by this time I was crying like a baby because I couldn't belevie what just happen to me so I stepped up on my stairs to the house and looked up to the sky and asked "GOD IF THAT WAS MEANT FOR ME AND IF YOU MEANT FOR ME TO SEE THAT WOULD YOU PLEASE SHOW ME ANOTHER SIGN? And as soon as I said that a ball of light flew right over my house lower than the ufo with noun of the ufo characteristic except for how bright and illuminated they both were and I was in even more shock and couldn't handle it any more so I went in my room and layed down I felt such a sence of peace that I blacked out sayin oh my GOD oh my GOD. Then I woke up the next morning looking around not yet realizing that I was in my room then while I was in the shower I felt a bump underneath my right arm pit. It went down two years later but the mark is still there goin on 9 years now and it appears as if I was burnt by a lazer or injected with one of the same objects that Dr. Roger Leir was studying but it has never caused me any discomfort. All I want is some help so I can understand what happen to me that night. This is my honest to GOD truth and im seekin help. I also have a picture of the mark under my arm and two picture's I took of a ufo on my birthday March 27 of 2009
