{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-28 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528436","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27143","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/436/mufon-5528436.json","updb_database_id":5528436}
I saw three objects 17 minutes after sunset looking due west from my home on third floor.

On Tuesday December 28th at exactly 5 PM, I was looking out the back window of my third floor window. I have an unobstructed view to the west, as I live in the Roxborough/Manayunk section of the city, with an elevation of 300' above sea level. I was finishing my work on the computer, and had previously watched the sunset, which occurs at 4:43PM on this date. Every clear day, it is like watching a Pacific sunset, as the sky becomes golden, filled with layers of red and blue as time progresses. After sunset, I was attracted to the window just to continue to watch the sky change. Due west, over the rooftops and towards the tree line which marks the Schuylkill Expressway about 3 miles away, I noted three objects of intense brightness which stood out above the sunset. The clearest one was almost on a straight line from me, about 30 degrees above the tree line. Its distance is hard to measure, but I would estimate anywhere from 5-10 miles at least. The clearest intensely bright object appeared spherical, or round. Off to the right, about 40 to 45 degrees and separated by at least ten miles, were two bright objects which looked more like streaks oriented left to right on a tilt from my perspective, bottom to top. Though it was too far to see these objects moving, their movement was discernible by reference to fixed objects. What made this interesting, was that if this was weather phenomena, the objects went in DIFFERENT paths, The "streaks" moved up and towards the right, which is WNW, while the bright sphere/orb appeared to move right to left before fading from view after 5 minutes observation. These objections were so bright they stood out against the afterglow of sunset, at least 10X brighter than the surrounding sky. I never hesitated in my feeling that these were unnatural objects due to their intensity, and the strangeness of their appearance as I have observed innumerable sunsets and never saw this before. All three objects seemed to grow more distant and fade into the sky. The only "camera" I had was a 3 megapixel iphone 3GS. I am attaching the one picture, UNTOUCHED ( I can "edit" in iphoto playing with contrast and other features ) but the orb is slightly visible over the fireplace of the house in the foreground. I am referring to the house with snow on both sides of the chimney, almost exactly in the center of the photo. I had used the zoom application on the camera, but couldn't see the object in the viewfinder at the time I was looking right at it, when taking it in the iphone. It was only after uploading the photo I saw it did appear exactly where I knew to look, over the fireplace of the house in the center of the photo.This is truly a case of the picture not doing justice to the subject, as even while I was looking at the iphone picture full screen as I was taking it, I could barely see what was so clear to the naked eye. I only wish I had my camera, with its great resolution and zoom, but was in my car. I can state I have never seen anything like this before. P.S. I was wearing my corrective lenses, but these objects were visible without them!!
