{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-23 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504627","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2875,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/627/mufon-5504627.json","updb_database_id":5504627}
{kt}3 objects in triangle pattern moving slowing overhead from NE to SW over New York City. .

I observed three small cigar shaped (white) objects moving from NE to SE in triangle pattern. The objects were very high in the sky well above the atmosphere which made them hard to see. They looked like small white specs. I observed this from a roof top on 23rd and Broadway in NYC. We had just sat down at a restaurant that had an open roof. This is the reason I first looked up. We were having lunch in a roof top restaurant in winter with an open roof. The sky was deep blue with no clouds. The objects moved NE to SW direction. They were reflective like the bottom of a plane on a deep blue sky in winter however they were almost not moving. They were moving as if to survey. They stayed evenly apart until the northern most shape stopped as the other two continued. The northern most shape fell well behind the other two. After a period of about 10 minutes the northern most object headed directly north at a steady but fast pace. The remaining two stayed on course. After about 10 to 15 minutes more the two objects disappeared. I kept looking up to find the objects when I saw one object going the opposite direction. Then another one joined it going in the same direction, SW to NE. The object to the south of the other object moved rapidly in front of the other object and made a severe left (northern) right angle turn at a significant pace. This object disappeared again and the one remaining had a bright light come on from beneath the bottom of the craft. The light was brilliant much like a light shining thru a large diamond cut prism. The light would flicker and pulse but the light was always changing. It was not rhythmic and steady like a strobe light. The light was bright white considering that it was so high up in the atmosphere. It was a well defined light. This lighted object started to move in an easterly direction. It went east for about less than 5 minutes and then went out. I did not see the objects again after that time. Within 3 minutes light wispy clouds started to come thru the area. I am hoping someone else saw the objects as well. If you need a land reference the sighting was directly above the Metropolitan Life building and a bit north in New York City.
