{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528627","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13163,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/627/mufon-5528627.json","updb_database_id":5528627}
I saw a cluster of 30 plus orb like UFOs over the San Fernando Valley that remained stationary for about 15 minutes.

Back in 1988 or 1989 I'm not sure exactly which year this occurred I had my 1st UFO sighting. At the time I was a window cleaner washing windows on a 7 story building in Tarzana California. Don't know exact address of the building but it's right at the corner of Reseda blvd and the 101 Fwy in Tarzana Ca (South end of valley). There is a 5 story building on the corner which I cleaned and next to it a taller 7 story building which I was cleaning at the time of this event. Anyway one day I was on top of the 7 story building and I was cleaning the windows on the outside with a Bosen chair. (Basically a swing like device that you sit in and repel down the building with ropes to clean windows of high rise buildings) Anyway I climbed over the parapet wall and let myself down to a seated position at the top of the building. As I did this I was looking up at my Parapet clamp to make sure everything was still hooked up properly which required me to look pretty much straight up. Well as I looked up something really strange caught my eye. I saw a bunch of white looking objects way up in the sky and I was like WOW what is that. They didn't look like balloons or anything I had ever seen before. As I sat there absolutely dumbfounded as to what these objects were doing in the sky I just stared at them. I must say at the time I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone because I was seeing something that I could not explain. I must have just stared up at these objects for a few minutes before I realized you know what [witness name removed CMS/dr] these things maybe UFOs.
Now at that time I had never seen any UFOs on TV that looked like these things did so it was a total mystery to me. Anyway I was absolutely fascinated by what these objects could be so I did something I have never done before I actually climbed back up on top of the roof which is not easy to do. Imagine holding on to the top of a High rise building and pulling yourself back up over the parapet wall to get back on top of the roof. (It wasn't easy) Anyway once on top of the building I took all my safety gear off and just looked up in total amazement at these objects. It was clear to me after a few minutes that these were not balloons. And there were so many of them that I didn't even try to count them. They were white looking sphere like objects that were just stationary in the sky. Again I would estimate about 30 to max 50 objects in the sky. They looked like they were really high up in the atmosphere but I could clearly see them. What really puzzled me was how these objects stayed stationary for 15 minutes of more. They looked like they were all at about the same altitude. And the rally weird thing was that they appeared to be in some kind of formation. Not like anything I had ever seen before like military. Each object was keeping a little distance between the objects that were next to them. I could see them like constantly adjusting there position in order to remain separated from the rest of the objects in the formation of UFOs. Now again I had never seen anything like this before that day and I was starting to get a little freaked out because the more I analyzed what these things could be I started to come to one conclusion "these are UFOs". But I remember thinking to myself that UFOs are metallic looking objects and these looked white or maybe even luminescent. That and the fact that there were so many of these objects in the sky I was really puzzled because I was conditioned to believe that UFOs were just one or two in the sky not a bunch of them at one time. I had never seen a movie or a tv program that ever showed a large number of UFOs in the sky ever so to see all these things in the sky was unbelievable at the time. Anyway after about 15 minutes of watching these things just hang out in the sky I became absolutely convinced these were some kind of UFOs. Now I was all alone on top of a roof of a 7 story building and I remember I was a little nervous about being all alone up there with these things up there. Part of me thought what if they beamed me up I think. So I distinctly remember a moment when I had seen enough and I wanted to find someone else and show them because this was the most incredible sight I had ever witnessed with my own eyes. So I went down to the 7th floor to tell anyone to come look at these UFOs. However when I got to the 7th floor there was nobody in the hallway. I didn't want to walk into one of the tenants office and shout out "look out the windows everybody there is a bunch of UFOs in the sky". So I went down the elevator to ground level and ran out to the back of the building and looked up to see the UFOs. And all I saw was one or 2 of them which from the ground level didn't look that spectacular. I mean anyone looking up would have thought that they were just balloons. But the formation that I saw from the roof looked completely different when you consider that they maintained the same formation for approx 15 minutes or so. Anyway I was too embarrassed to tell the parking guy who was standing 50 feet away about what I had seen because they might of thought I was crazy or something and I could loose my job if the owners found out about it. I worked for myself at the time but I thought they might not want me to clean their buildings if they thought I was seeing UFOs in the sky above their buildings so I never told them. I remember every time I had to clean those buildings from that time on I was dying to tell the management about my UFO sighting but for the next year or 2 that I cleaned those building I never had the courage to tell them out of fear of loss. When I finally got back on top of the building all the UFOs were gone. I was a little pissed at myself because I wasted all that time going down trying to tell someone else to look at these things that I never got to see them take off or what ever they did when they left.

In conclusion I don't know how big these things were but they had to be pretty big in order for me to see them because they were so high up in the air. I would say they were at least 30 thousand feet or higher. So they must have each been about 30 to 50 feet across or bigger. I told my grandparents that day when I got home and got my 1st dose of crazy looks when I tried to tell them what I had seen. I realized really quickly that people didn't want to hear about UFOs so I kept this pretty much to myself now for over 20 years or so. 

By the way I had an even more bizarre sighting in the same general location of Tarzana in 2004. They came back and this time I actually saw them traveling at a very high rate of speed. I also saw what I believe were some kind of probes that came within 50 feet of me that I have never seen or heard about before. In 1994 I finally got some kind of answer to my question that I had from my 1st sighting in 1988. I saw the exact same objects on a TV show called "Sighting" They showed the same type of cluster UFOs that were popping up in Mexico in the early 90's. 

I will give you a brief description of my 2004 sighting and if you want to contact me I'd be glad to tell you the whole story. I have the exact date this occurred on a 2004 calendar but I'd have to look for it. Anyway i frequently look up in the sky because I know there are things up there and since my 1988 UFO encounter I kept looking for UFOs and it wasn't until 2004 that I saw another one. I was at my house at [witness address removed CMS/dr]. Less than one mile from the original sighting back in 1988. Anyway I look up as I was leaving the house like I do frequently when I'm outdoors now. I saw a white UFO like object that looked just like the ones I saw before in 1988. I ran back into the house and got binoculars this time and this time I got a rally good look at this object. It appeared to be only a mile or so away at about 1,000 to 2,000 feet in the air. I could clearly see the UFO rotating, I forget which direction though. Anyway this thing stayed stationary with a slow rotation for several minutes. Than I saw what I had been waiting to see for over 15 years or so. I actually saw through the binoculars 2 other UFOs that were traveling at a very high rate of speed go shooting by each other like they were playing chicken with each other way above the original UFO I was looking at. I remember thinking WOW I finally got to see one of these things moving through the sky that absolutely takes the balloon theory out of the picture. Balloons don't go that fast. I mean these things had to be going in excess of 100 MPH heading right at one another and passing directly above the stationary UFO I was looking at through my binoculars. That was a very exiting moment for me because I had all kinds of questions and doubts about what I had seen years earlier and at that moment I felt like I had got my answer. These were definitely UFOs. Anyway I continued to watch the stationary UFO for several minutes than it too began to move to the west and it began to pick up speed and then it moved out at a high rate of speed. This thing was approx 1 mile or so away and then it took off west and traveled out of sight over mountain range to the west in about 10 seconds or so. the mountain range to the west is about 10 miles away so you do the math. I have seen fighter jets many times and this UFO would have left a fighter jet in it's dust.

Now here is where the story gets really strange. I continued to look up at the sky to see if their were anymore UFOs flying around and then within a minute or 2 I saw these very weird and small objects come floating over the freeway right over my house no more than 50 to 70 feet above my head. These objects looked like they were about the size and shape of a speed limit sign. They literally looked like someone had painted a speed limit sign with very colorful colors on the front and back of the sign. It looked very much like graffiti artist painted these signs with several different colors. Anyway these objects all of the sudden just started coming over the Freeway right over my house in a very uncontrolled and strange way. They kind of floated though the air turning over and tumbling through the air at a very slow speed maybe 100 feet off the ground right over my head. I saw maybe 10 or so of these objects go right over head and continue heading south at a very slow speed maybe 2 or 3 mph. This was not newspapers or paper floating in the air because it wasn't windy that day and I got a good look at these things through my binoculars. I watched these things fly out of sight over the next few minutes as they traveled south over an apartment building that was a quarter of a mile away. never once did any of these objects stop or touch the ground. they all moved off out of sight and never came back.
After years of thinking about these objects i thought maybe these were some kind of probes that were sent down from the UFOs because they wanted to check me out. I thought what if they saw me checking them out and they wanted to let me know they were checking me out as well. Why else would these things have come over the freeway right where I was within a minute or two of the UFO that I was watching took off. 

I don't know if you have ever heard of anyone who has seen these objects before but it was really weird to me and I have seen a lot of UFOs on TV programs over the last 15 years or so and I have never seen anything like these small UFOs that I saw that day. Anyway if that wasn't strange enough than all the sudden I see what looked like a V formation of birds that were about 500 feet in the air fly over as well. The only problem is I saw these things for several minutes through the binoculars and they didn't look like birds and they never flaped their wings. I must have watched them travel over 1 mile or more in a V formation until they went out of sight as well. The only thing I could explain these things is maybe they were small remote operated planes but I don't think they were. But they could have been I just don't know who or why anyone would or could do this with about 10 or so delta wing objects flying at slow speed 20 mph or so for several miles I would have to assume. I think all of these objects were connected because they all happened back to back to back. I don't believe in coincidences. Anyway if you want to contact me to discuss this further I would be happy to talk to you guys about this.
