{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-11 01:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526627","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/627/mufon-5526627.json","updb_database_id":5526627}
Dancing lights above the clouds

Standing outside smoking a cigarette and looked up as always, noticed nothing out of the ordinary due to overcast. walked over to shut my shed door, where the street lights were blocked by the shed and noticed 2 very bright white in color lights dancing above the clouds south, south east of my location. I of course stopped and watched for a pattern to rule out search lights or event lights such as a theater spotlight or a "batman" spotlight if you will. and noticed the brightness of these objects would fluctuate no matter the distance. i.e. instead of fading as they danced further away, they would almost pulse. get brighter going further away, more dim getting closer, then switch. get very bright up close and dim far away. there were absolutely no patterns to these lights at all. They would move very fast and slow a bit, then one would speed up and the other seemed to follow to match this. an absolutely brilliant pulsating light. Strangest thing of all was my loss of cell phone signal and the phone itself wouldnt function for me to allocate my camera setting. when it finally worked, the lights were gone and i had nothing but my fiancee' to support this claim. We both her a very distinct humming sound and then the sound of jets flying over. Again, you can check the weather. it's solid overcast but the jets sounded like it was literally ripping the sky apart. Which would make me believe they were using afterburners. We have military bases to the east and south of us. and there have been an increasing amount of military presence here the past few weeks. Since then we've seen strange things, tonight being the strangest of them all..especially with the presence of military force in a town with 5,000 people in it...White Oak, texas. I've never seen a UFO, never claimed to see a UFO. All i have claimed to see tonight are 2 very bright, pulsating white lights dancing in the sky above the cloud layer. then at 1:00am hearing at least 1 jet with afterburners active. I'll leave this with you to decipher the accuracy of the claim. Thank you for you time. *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg)
