{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-22 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500627","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58472","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/627/mufon-5500627.json","updb_database_id":5500627}
UFO escorts an airplane over Poros Island, at Greece!

Tuesday, July 22, 2014, at 8:45 PM, a UFO photographed on the island of Poros, escorts a passenger plane. The incident captured with the camera of UFO researcher Harris Koutsiaftis which at that time was from the southwest side of the main city. The two objects (where flying at high altitude) was shining, thanks to the reflection of the sun on them. Available in 30-40 seconds remained visible in the visual field of the researcher. Those seconds the unknown object was moving parallel to the plane, then began to overtake them and in the ends flies in front of the nose of the airplane at a greater distance, until it lost both skyline . At the time of the photographs, dozens of people around began to realize what was happening and looked up in the sky observing and commenting on the paradox of the case. 
Analyzing the incident Harris, said the identity of shiny objects: "There is no known conventional military aircraft to fly with such speed, to reflect sunlight and it not after exhaust! So we talk, or an alien flying saucer, or a secret human aircraft, there escort the plane after the incessant crashes occurring in the last days."
In a further statement, Harris, excluded also the case of a reflection of a plane in icy cloud crystals, not only because of July and the clear skies of that evening, but also because the strange glow was not after the Sun but between him and the object.
More, for the strange passage through the next issue of Greek UFO magazine named "ET" and the September issue of Greek "Phenomena".
