{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476627","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83610","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/627/mufon-5476627.json","updb_database_id":5476627}
Entity appeared to me - definitely solid and seen to me for a few seconds

When I was 8 years old I travelled to Scotland with my mother to visit my grandparents. My grandparents lived in a duplex cottage (they lived in half with another family with a 12 year old son in the other half). The cottage was on the outskirts of Perth - in the countryside with a forest, river and old mill ruins behind it. It was August/September 1979 and I spent most days playing with Alan - the boy who lived next door to my grandparents. We ran around in the forest generally having fun as children do but there was an event that I can honestly say changed my life. Alan and I were building a hut of some kind. The day was fine and clear - I was collecting old tin and sticks but for a few seconds a solid figure appeared to me beside a tree. It was human sized and the most amazing turquoise blue...at first I thought it was like an old knight you would imagine with silver armour but it simply wasn't. It was blue, human sized and there for a few seconds. Alan noticed I was a bit startled and asked if I was alright to which I replied that I thought I had seen something. He asked what I saw to which I replied that it was weird but to my surprize he said it was the blue man wasn't it. I asked Alan if he saw it too to which he replied not this time but he had seen it several times previously.
I don't remember facial features or details other than it was solid, the most beautiful turquoise blue all over and adult human sized. What I do know is it was real. Why it appeared I don't know but it has certainly had an effect on my life and I often wonder how many other people have seen turquoise blue figures. I have no idea where Alan is now but I am back in New Zealand with my eyes opened to things that don't always make sense. Has anyone else seen the turquoise blue figures?
