{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-09-22 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549313","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/313/mufon-5549313.json","updb_database_id":5549313}
Flying approach to TUL Flash seen from KC to DAL Directly over head. Pin point shaft exploded carrying roiling cloud 1.5 degrees across sky pin point exit from cloud. Event in shallow space. Reported in Tulsa World and Tribune. Aircraft radio indicated

I was flying with my instructor, John Gordy, making practice night landings at Tulsa Municipal Air port. It was dark and John was messing around with the radios which were new at that time. An electric flash lighted the sky and the radio was cramed by airline pilots wondering what had happened. Being a student pilot, I stayed silent as real pilots were talking. In the Cessna 195 the windshield extends over the head of the pilot and co-pilot so I could look strait up at the event. A silver streak shaped like a needle starting at the beginning of the event from the east was about a half a degree long. It started as a point and expanded to look like a needle then blew up. By the time I looked up the oblong shaped mass was white. It then truned bright yellow, then went to red and the deep blood red then black. The black cloud roiled and would open to reveal a red interior. The elongated cloud covered about two degrees with another "needle" shape coming from the opposite end of the cloud. It looked to me as if something that had fuel on board exploded. The ignition point being the beginning which was carried along until the main structure exploded and the remains of the structure emerging from the cloud after the fuel was exhausted. John Gordy said he hadn't seen anything but was wearing his glasses which were like coke bottle bottoms. The event seemed to be among the stars. The event gradually disappeared in the night sky. The event was reported in the Tulsa newspapers and on TV.
