{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-24 23:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286313","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/313/mufon-5286313.json","updb_database_id":5286313}
I caught a light on recording that turned into multiple color changing lights in a triangular shape moving very fast and appearing to land at SWEPCO

I was recording the sky because it was unusually bright when my girlfriend told me to sim my phone in the other direction. She pointed out a light that was moving very fast. The first object started a few miles up and behind the house, and seemed to curve around toward SWEPCO. As it neared where we were standing, its features became more defined. It went from one bright yellow-orange light to having three different colored flashing lights. One red, one green, one yellow, all flashing in order and revealing the outline of the triangular shape. This was not a plane. I wondered if this could have been a helicopter, but the speed and path of the object were positively impossible to attribute to either of those, and a drone would not have been consistently visible and would have been audibly heard as it neared. As it got closer, I could see the exterior, and it looked like something out of Star Wars. As the object started descending, it did not tilt or dip, but remained fixed, and diagonally descended toward the SWEPCO power plant's lake before it disappeared behind trees. The second object was flying at a very high altitude and very erratically. Soon after my dad had pointed it out it disappeared behind the clouds. The third object which I also recorded appeared to be cigar shaped, but was only definable by the lights at either end of it. Judging by the distance between the lights, the linear path that showed they were fixed, and showing it was a single object as it rotated, the fact that it eventually disappeared behind clouds meant it was massive. There were no recorded flight paths within 90 miles of the current location at this time.
