{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-08 05:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522313","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33758","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/313/mufon-5522313.json","updb_database_id":5522313}
Literally a star, but only big enough for a human to sit in it. No noise, glided effortlessly

My boyfriend works on the roads, night shift. My boyfriend and his work mate came home at 4 in the morning, and woke me up with all there noise.
So me, my boyfriend and his workmate are all up at 4 in the morning and being the end of summer it was still warm, so we were in my backyard having cigarettes watching the clear night sky talking crap.
It was now getting to 5am and out of the blue with no warning we saw like a flash in the sky, the flash then turned into a star that was hurtling faster than anything I've seen before straight down what seemed straight for us, then before we could finish saying, "what is that?", the star stopped short of the rooftop of one of the houses on the other side of the electricity lines (my backyard backs on to major electricity lines and on the other side of the lines are other houses.)
Anyway, it then glided, like it was gliding on silk straight over the electricity lines and right toward us. It glided over our head, seemed to pause as if it was looking at us, and then continued on its way over the rooftops toward the city as if nothing unusual was going.
It literally looked like a star. It was extremely bright with a dazzling white light. It was just big enough for a human to sit in it and the best thing was it didn't make a sound! You don't realize how weird something looks when it's flying silent!
Then looking back up at the night sky we witnessed several orbs flying high in the night sky.
Since then and to this day, we witness ufos nearly every night (if it's a clear night), with now other witnesses seeing this but none have come down like the first one did, sometimes they flash us until they have got our attention and then fade out. We have also witnessed strange flashes.
I don't feel threatened or any fear when witnessing these ufos.
I do have video but can only send you a youtube link for it, and not sure how to send this to you, (yes, our original video was stolen, believe it or not, but that's another story)
