{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-29 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478313","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81819","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/313/mufon-5478313.json","updb_database_id":5478313}
2 Objects glowed yellow with red flashing light. One was visible with several smaller lights buzzing around. Second object appeared, then first flew away. Then second object flew away.

On January 29, 2017, at approximately 2010 hrs, I looked outside my kitchen/family room to the east. It was dark, and the sky was clear. I observed a yellowish light, much larger than a single star, hovering in the air east-south-east of my location. I would guess that it was approximately 3/4 - 1 mile distant, about 1,000 - 1,500 feet above the ground. It had an oval configuration, and was stationary in the sky. It glowed with a yellowish-white light. There had been a westerly wind all day, sometimes gusting to 80 kph, but at this time of the evening, the air was still. At first I supposed that it was a helicopter, but it made no sound whatsoever; the evening was perfectly silent. From that distance, I would have been able to hear a helicopter clearly. I went back into the house and retrieved a pair of binoculars, and viewed the object through them. As I focused the binoculars, I could see four smaller objects, two of which were visible only as single, white lights, one visible as a single red light, and one visible as a pair of white lights. They were all very small, and flitting about the object like flies. The fourth object appeared as if it might have been triangular in shape, but it was difficult to ascertain. I dropped the binoculars down and called to my wife to come out and see, and as I kept my eyes on the object, a second object of the same configuration as the first appeared beside and below it, on its right-hand side. There was no dark shape that suddenly illuminated, it simply appeared out of nothing. Both objects hovered together for a moment as my wife came outside and observed them with me. After about two minutes of the objects hovering together, the original object began to move slowly to the north while emitting a flashing red light in its underside. At this time, the smaller lights flitting about the first object disappeared. It was difficult to see if they went into the first object, or simply blinked out. The second object remained hovering in a stationary position while the first object moved slowly to the north and disappeared behind a house across the alley from my own. I watched the second object for about ten more minutes, until it finally began to follow the path of the first object and move slowly to the north as well. It took about a minute before it too disappeared behind the same house.

The objects were hovering in the center of the flight path for our local international airport, in the same position as a previous object spotted on January 26th (MUFON file #81752). Planes had been taking off from the airport all day, but now, while I observed the objects, there were no flights departing the airport. Around 2100 hrs, departing flights resumed. About an hour after the sighting, the westerly wind picked up once more. I do not know if there is a correlation between these two events and the objects.
