{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-11 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504313","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/313/mufon-5504313.json","updb_database_id":5504313}
{cak} Blinking, color changing lights hovered for 10 min, then flew west possibly northwest and went over horizon over the next 10-15 min. Colors ranged from solid red, to blue, to green. Looked like separate set of amber/gold lights blinked in pattern

Went outside to smoke a cig around 1:40 am 03/11/2014. Facing west, a very bright light just barely out in front of me maybe a mile or two hovering in the sky caught my attention. It had an amber glow to it, as if it was reflecting light causing beams shooting from it. The amber lights began to blink. I saw three distinct separate lights blinking in patterns. At this time I noticed a second bright light approx a mile apart, and parallel to the first. It was emitting the same amber color blinking in a different pattern. The amber lights stopped and the object was lit white, then both began to change color, from bright blue, to green, then to yellow then to bright red. This continued for the next approx 15 minutes as the crafts stayed parallel, but traveled west, maybe northwest rather slowly as it took 15 minutes to travel approx 80 deg. The object further off then disappeared over the horizon. The second object kept going further northwest then was blocked by houses. 

Due to the light refraction and hovering in one spot, I first thought the object was a bright star, until I noticed the second one and they were the same color and blinking in similar patterns. The objects were close enough that as I looked harder I could see distinct separate lights possibly on the bottom of the crafts. 

As they started moving further away, they were changing colors, it was as if they were morphing colors, not blinking. 

I felt as though there had to be other people seeing this also as it made such vibrant colors.
I also thought to myself, after all the times I have sat outside for literally hours just watching the sky and monitoring the earths rotation, why am I seeing them only now, completely random and when I wasn't looking for them. 

I lost sight of the objects as they went over the horizon
