Case No. 895 22112018

Date: November 22, 2018.

Approximate Time: 06:44 local time.

Location: Coltauco, Region of Libertador Bernardo O’Higgins.

Witnesses: G.L.

Images: The user provided 1 video recording.

Description: The user described the reported object as a white "egg"-shaped object,
                                        providing no estimate of size, distance, or
                                        origin.
He explained that he saw it for two minutes while flying slowly and that "it stayed quite static for a while and then shone and continued its course towards the hill where it disappeared."

He then described it as (sic) "on its way to catch the bus and it just suddenly appeared in front of me."
When I look up at the sky, I witnessed this... At first, I thought it must be a bag, then I thought it was an airplane, but the object was round and would sometimes shine. I decided to record it, tried to follow it after recording, but it disappeared among the hills.
Along with the case, the file "VID_20181122_064339765.mp4" was also received.

Figure 1
The reported phenomenon is shown in Figure 1, as seen in frame 4: similar to a
bright point.

For the case analysis, a study location was used in the area around the user's
residence, corresponding to the coordinates 34°15' 58" S and 71° 01' 11" W (Figure 2).
The topographic scenario is presented in Figure 3.
Figure 2

                                         Figure 3

Upon review, as seen in Figure 3, it is a narrow river valley encumbered to the north by a ridge of hills that runs in a northeast-southwest direction and reaches altitudes from 1,530 to 1,813 meters. Meanwhile, on the south side, a series of fragmented hills run in the same direction, reaching from 661 to 887 meters. This could cause the valley to function as a
winds coming from the south.

At the same time, the analysis of the information contained in the metadata of the
recording that supported the case did not reveal digital alteration and established that
the filming was carried out at 06:44 (HL) on November 11, 2018 using a cellular phone
operated with Android version 8.

Additionally, the recording was studied by examining each of the 1,767 frames that
compose it. They confirmed that, without the application of digital zooms, the
A visible point of light, resulting from reflecting sunlight, and the apparent rapid movements of this object were due to camera movements. The shape and color assessments were derived from the distortions caused by pixelation of the filmed and enlarged screen.

The itineraries of all flights that landed at Arturo Merino Benítez Airport (SCEL) after the filming time were examined, confirming that none came from the south of Rancagua. The closest was LAN603 flight.
proveniente from Los Angeles International Airport, United States, which arrived from the north of the Metropolitan Region. The closest coming from the south was LAN800 flight from New Zealand, which arrived in Santiago at 09:13 (HL), more than three hours after the case images.

The wind situation at altitude was analyzed based on the observations made by the meteorological sonde launched from Santo Domingo Airport. According
They, between 800 and approximately 1,700 meters of altitude, blew from the south to south-southwest with intensities of 10 to 11 knots (18.5 to 20.4 km/h). From there and up to 3,000 meters, they came from the west-northwest with intensities between 10 and 13 knots (18.5 to 24.1 km/h). More data is shown in Figure 4.

                                 Figure 4. SkewTLogP Diagram.

To conclude, given the topography of the valley where the user was located, the fact
According to the visible position of the Sun, it was pointing in a northeast direction, and the wind conditions, it was verified that there were conditions for the flight of the object under study to have the expected displacement pattern for an inert body dragged by the wind.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of the forensic, geographical, meteorological, photographic, and air traffic studies, it was concluded that what was reported was a body freely dragged by the wind and not an aerial anomaly.
The characteristics of what was visible did not allow for a more precise definition without biasing the conclusion reached.

Case classified as explained.
