{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-03-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5518,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5454730.json","updb_database_id":5454730}
{jpg} Black triangle with light at each corner keeping pace with our vehicle

I was just a kid at the time, about 9-10 years old and I didn't realize what I was observing until I saw this same thing on a T.V. program about UFOs last year. As a kid in the 60s I thought "ufos", "flying saucers" were round because of the sci-fi movies at that time. I was traveling with my family sitting in the rear driver's side. Around 1965, we were traveling north on Colonial Drive aka 117th ave from my childhood home in South Miami Heights. We were going to my Aunt's house and it was very dark, night time. My dad was driving, my mom up front and my older sister next to me. I looked up into the sky and saw 3 lights in a trangular shape. I can't remember what color they all were but remember at least a red one. I couldn't see the object itself but I could see there was a triangular dark space between the lights with the stars in the back ground around it. I watched it for several minutes but it seemed to stay in the same place the whole time as if it was keeping pace with our car. Eventually the pine trees along the side of the road became thicker and thicker until the object was completely blocked from view. I just thought it was really strange at the time and didn't say anything to my family because it wasn't that big a deal until I saw it about 52-53 years later on a T.V. program. It gave me the chills to see that some one else had seen it and it may be extraterestrial. There were other incidents in my life that I didn't make any connection to until this past year while watching programs like yours. When I was about 15 years old, around 1970, I was struck by lightening and became psychic. It was a blue jagged bolt that seemed to move in slow motion. It went into my right hand while I was INSIDE my house. I felt it up to my shoulder, it made my right arm muscles contract violently. It didn't hurt, just felt weird and scared me. Right after I began to experience psychic abilities. It wasn't until a couple of years ago that I drew a possible connection with the two. I had what I called "sudden visions" a flash of pictures of incidents and accidents that came true 3 days later. I also felt, physcically, as people passed by me that they were going to die. That happened at least 4 times.A co-worker was witness to one. He freaked out when the guy died a few days later. I had a patrol partner with the Miami Police Dept.refuse to ride with me anymore because I had 3 premonitions that day that came true within minutes of telling him. There are other happenings that seem odd. Around the same time, age 15, my 16 year old sister was in the kitchen. She saw a reflection on the kitchen cabinet of "someone" who looked like a "grey" except we didn't know what a "grey" was way back then. She ran out of the house to my neighbor, screaming. In 1987 there were 3 incidents. I don't remember in what order they happened. There were 2 incidents of lost time. In 1987 I was working as a Miami-Dade Police officer assigned to the front desk at the police station. I went out for my lunch break of 30 minutes. I thought I was running maybe 15 minutes over when I returned. My sergeant chewed me out, said I had been gone about an hour and a half. I was confused and hurt by his accusation. He had me in tears, but apparently he was right. Another time I suddently found myself driving on an expressway in my car and didn't know how I got there or where I was going. That was in the middle of the day. Also this same year, 1987, I was living alone, it was night and I was in bed. I saw in the doorway of my bedroom a dark shadow cast by a figure of a large man wearing a hat that looked like a fedora. I was so scared I was afraid to move. I pretented to be asleep. I closed my eyes for about 2 minutes. When I peeked out The figure looked like it had moved closer to me. Even as a police officer being shot at, knives pulled on me, I had never been this scared. I just closed my eyes again for about 30 minutes, shaking but still pretending to be asleep, hoping he would just go away. I finally got up the nerve to peek again and he was gone. That was a long time ago, I couldn't explain it. Until recently when watching a program on T.V. about the "men in black". He looked exactly like the shadowy figure of one of them with a wide brimmed hat. That recollection came flooding back when I saw the program and felt like there was finally a possible connection or explanation for what I saw. I don't know what the truth is for things that happened to me over the years, I can only describe what happened. One more thing I forgot. I seemed to have aquired a super human reflex response after the lightening strike that has left people in awe, gasping and saying "I can't believe you did that". I hope my experiences help you in figuring out the answer to some of the mysteries that happen to people.
