{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-09 18:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5529730.json","updb_database_id":5529730}
Driving west down Caneridge Road toward Bell Road, saw an object stationery in the sky and started to blink, then disappear as a helicopter was seen in the same area

We were driving down Caneridge Road toward Bell Road about 6:25 p.m. when I saw ahead a little ,.to the left of the tree line a stationery object. I told my fiancee to look but he couldn't because he was driving. I had him park in the Target parking lot and look left when he saw the object too. It then started to blink white and red and then it disappeared. I went in Target and came back out within 3 or 4 minutes and the object was gone. But, in the sky as a black helicopter in the same area with a search light, it veered toward the left because it did not go in the direction of the mall which if going straight would have been seen again.

When I looked over the top of Target, I sighted the object that I see nightly and have photographed for months. I also talked with a neighbor across the street who verified that the object has been in this area for the five years since they moved into their house, and made the statement that it was a start and is not always here but it always comes back. I told him, "Buddy, that's no star, stars don't come and go at will")

We left the parking lot and headed back up Caneridge road toward Old Franklin Road going southeast when I stated there is no way no one else sees these objects. They are to close to be stars and are never really in the same place. We then turned right going down Ashford Crossings while I continued looking at the normal object when all of a sudden there appeared another object. My finacee said it was a plane because it was flashing, but I told him to stop the car on the side of the road at the top of the hill heading southeast to Murfreesboro Road and the object was stationery and blinking white and blue in a strobe-like fashion. I said to him "that's no airplane." We then continued to the intersection and looked back to where the object had been, but it was gone.

I have gone to Google Earth to try and locate the alignment of the planets and did find it so during September. But this object is not in alignment with this correlation. I have seen the object for three years but only starting photographing it since our encounter with the large craft in August. I have video and pictures that I will forward to Mr. Mitchell since he called me after the August report. In most of the pictures you see the light but in some you can make out a saucer shape, movement, and I believe I caught a triangular light pattern on October 8 when I stepped out onto my patio every hour or so to take photos. You be the judge.

I and others have seen these objects and I have eyewitnesses that I personally pulled out of the Citgo at Hobson Pike and Hamilton Church stored/gas station and a Fireman at the Firestation at Murfreesboro Road so that we are not the only witnesses to back up these sightings of these objects and their travel path through the sky.

I'm not sure how to load audio and video but I will try and get someone to help me do so.
