{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-10 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5520730.json","updb_database_id":5520730}
2 bright orange orbs and 1 white/orange orb. All looked star-like.

Without the risk of sounding absolutely nuts and feeling like I had lost it, I wanted to post this to see if anyone else had seen anything like this during the weekend of 2/10/12. I caught a strange light out of the corner of my eye in the sky while hunting about an hour after dark. I thought it was a descending plane or helicopter but noticed it was moving up and down and left to right very rapidly in and out of view of the tree line that was to my 10 oclock view from me. It was odd enough for me to pick it out of the little prop planes and airliners that were flying around every once in a while at various altitudes that night. 

When I backed up to get a better look to see what it was I noticed that it looked like a bright star that was moving in pigtail patterns. It looked as if it was falling, and rapidly moving in all directions very inconsistently but almost coming back to the same plane of reference every time it recovered from moving around after a bit. I gauged that by the flashing radio towers along the horizon in the distance. It almost looked like how a balloon or kite looks when its getting whipped around by the wind but this seemed to find various spots in the sky to kind of hover and coast along. I tried to video from my phone at this point but it was too dark and far enough away that I couldnt see anything in my screen.

I proceeded to call my friend who was on his way and tried to explain to him to hurry due to me being completely freaked out at this point. I had been watching this for about 40-50 minutes by this point. So, not really believing in any of this I went back to camp and wiped my eyes and started looking around at the lights on the horizon for a reference. I spent the next 30 minutes trying to rationalize what it could have been. I watched planes come and go to see if maybe I was just seeing this thing as it was getting closer or further away mimicking the hover effect. But everything just moved on and this one just stayed there. No other lights moved the way this particular light was moving. I even got in my truck and stuck a cigarette pack to my windshield and marked it so I had a reference point for where this light kept moving around.

When I got out of my truck to view this again and try to record it with my phone yet again I noticed the other two orange colored "star-like" orbs. Between the three combined, it was more of a triangular shape in the sky. One to to my west, one just south of Tyler to my east, and the original white/red/orange light toward the Palestine or Crockett area to the immediate south of where I was facing. The three covered an extremely huge area but all seemed to be moving independently and all in the same style and manner as the first.

By this point my buddy arrived and he gets out to see what I am looking at and why I was so freaked out. He instantly sees the first star I saw and cocked his head sideways and said "is that thing moving!" We then both watched it calling out the directions it was moving at the same time and we both saw it move the exact same. He began to spend time trying to explain in as I tried to do before he arrived. Thats when we saw the spotlights from the southeast come on and they started pointing in random directions. Could be completely unrelated but weird none the less. 

We sat and talked for a while trying to scan the sky for anything else that looked abnormal. Since it was in the middle of our 1200+ acres in rural country we could see all around us without any type of heavy light pollution. After a total of 2-2 1/2 hours for me, and about an hour or so for him, we noticed the western most light was gone from the mix of stars that was surrounding it. Then the second to our east started to fade in and out and thats when we noticed the original light source started moving around and coming in and out of view. Finally it was just gone in no sort of spectacular fashion or anything. Tried to look for those lights again and saw nothing at all on the second night out there.
