{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3057,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5483730.json","updb_database_id":5483730}
{nd} Large orange-ish lights flying across sky south to north with no sound, at least twice as bright as brightest star.

It was just after midnight. I was in my fully-dark room watching a movie on my laptop - my laptop was close to my face. My face was partially facing my window that faces my back yard. If I had been looking out my window from my position, I would have been looking toward the south. There was a black common wire fan that was turned on and between me and the window. There are trees outside. The lights in the sky were bright enough to catch my eyes' peripheral vision even though they were behind the trees and fan and my bright computer screen was in front of me. There were two very bright orange-ish lights with maybe a hint of red that did NOT blink, flying pretty much in unison, from south to north. They seemed to be too far apart to be lights on the wingtips of one plane. I could not see a body to a plane; I only could see the lights. I ran to my back 2-story deck to see them outside. The lights were quite a bit larger than even a large plane's lights usually look, flying relatively low over my house going to the airport. You can't tell that in the video very well. I am very used to seeing all kinds of low-flying planes over my house because there is a small airport nearby - Richard B. Russell Airport, Rome, GA. They were traveling about the same, consistent speed as I would expect a low-flying plane to travel. My initial thought was that they were within 300-500 feet above me but I really couldn't tell if they were very large and very high up or if they were actually low-flying because they were making no sound at all. If they were that low I would expect to hear some sound. From my vantage point, they were both larger and brighter than the brightest star you can ever see, at least twice as large and bright, maybe 3 times. They disappeared, one at a time, I think possibly flew behind some clouds after they flew over my house. I couldn't see any clouds, but I thought maybe the clouds were very dispersed and hard to see at night. A minute or so later I saw another single light that was the same color, size, and speed, traveling the same path (I first saw it in the south and it traveled to the north) and it also disappeared, I guess behind some clouds. The original video is posted at [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
