{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-05 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56261","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5502730.json","updb_database_id":5502730}
{cak} Very obvious by the direction changes it was not a conventional aircraft.

Well after a friday night of having a get together on the morning of April 5th, 2014 in the San Bernardino County Mountains, Two of my friends an I were 
up around 3:45 in the morning having a smoke when we noticed the Unidentified 
Flying Object. I have always been interested in the idea of UFO's and had never before seen one personally. So naturally at first we all thought maybe it was a helicopter with a search light hovering over the tree line. We had never seen this before either so we all thought it was just a little odd. So we kept our eye on it for a bit and we noticed it was moving very fast then slowing to a hover. I noticed the light it was emitting was like no other light I have ever seen in my life. I have seen many different types of aircraft since I have a background in the U.S. Military. I have never seen an aircraft make those kind's of movements to then come to an immediate stop then completely change direction. The Light we all watched that the craft was emitting made distinct pointed edges in the light, as if i were looking through a dirty windshield. The light also had distinct color, like a blend of yellow, white, and orange. This continued on for over an hour, the aircraft was sort of floating around and changing direction on a dime. We were so enamored with this whole event, it felt like we didn't blink for the whole hour an a half we watched this thing kind of just hang around. The whole time we were waiting for the craft to kind of dart off or disappear in front of our eyes like we have seen on other UFO video's. But the sun started to come up and it just slowly started to blend in with the rising dawn. I am shocked I witnessed this event. But pleased to see it for myself.
