{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-12-05 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2979,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5503730.json","updb_database_id":5503730}
{dr}Red-orange fireball slows and changes direction of travel over Sugerloaf.

My wife and I were traveling east on Interstate 80 in early December of 1991 at about 9:20PM. We approached the section of I-80 just west of the area of Sugerloaf, PA. The east and west bound lanes split and are separated by a tree lined hill. The road at this point is an uphill climb with the Sugerloaf Valley below and to the right. We noticed an object very high in the sky descending toward the mountain between Rock Glen Road and Tomhicken Road. The angle of descent was approximately 60 degrees of angle from the horizon in an easterly direction and due south of our location. The object appeared as a redish-orange fireball. Our initial opinion was we were seeing a meteor enter the earth's atmosphere and were excited that we may see it hit the earth. I had seen meteors in the past and typically the color was bright white or bright yellow and the speed is fast and steady. This object was between red and orange in color. It was when the object began to slow down in its decent that we realized this was NOT a meteor. The object came to a stop in its descent at an altitude of about 120 feet above the mountain top. The trees in this area are about 40 feet in height and the object was about three times the height of the trees from the ground. My best guess for its diameter is about 60 feet. The object then began traveling east along the mountain ridge for a good distance. We were traveling at about 60mph and I slowed to around 50mph to pace the object. It traveled parallel with us for about 8 minutes and then the object slowly descended behind the ridge toward Tomhicken Road (Route 3020). My wife and I were in awe of what we just saw. 
The size, speed change and change in direction, in my opinion eliminate the possibilty of meteor, conventional aircraft, or aviation flares. I researched flares and found the average burn time about three minutes. Since we observed the object for about ten minutes total time and considering the change is direction and size, I do not believe it was a flare. There were no other aircraft visible in the imediate area. There were however, several other vehicles on the road that night and at least two slowed down as we had to observe the object.
