{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-22 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5546730.json","updb_database_id":5546730}
They flicker and sit in the sky like a star. But move like nothing known to man!

I've been discredited by some, just because I1ve seen these ufo's more than once. So I guess they are telling me that ALL UFO SIGHTINGS are the same! What I1m about to tell you is hard to believe until you see it for your self!!! When I first seen one, I was getting ready to go to bed. When I watch these ufo's I get very excited and become fully awake, even though its rather late ! I usually get so excited I start to shake! I will be calling news stations and radio stations, I think I might even put up some local flyers, just to get more witness's. Right now My little brother "age-21", my wife "age-26" My two friends right around my age "29", have all witnessed it. Don't brush me off, my story is legit! I have video, and lots of it!!!!! 
  National ufo reporting center, acts like they know how every ufo is suppose to act. Well my ufo's don1t fit because I1ve seen them more that once so they discredited me, but they still want me to waste my money and send my video to them, so they can say it's not like a "NORMAL" ufo sighting and discredit my video with out even talking to me. I will continue to search for help even if you discredit me! With that said just please read the below with a opened mind and view my video that I will send you soon, if you want????? Before you blow me off, I just want to say, Nuforc, will regret not taking me serious, please don't make the same mistake. There is great video, and the whole story is legit!!!! If I can get a pro out here with a nice camera its all over!! I just need a creditable witness, cuz no one's believing me!!
So here1s my story.....

The climax of my first night, and all my other sightings, was when I was watching six of them and they all moved up at the same time in a very unique way!  I1ve seen these UFO1s 5 different nights now. I1ve got four other witness1s , and as of now I1ve got about 1-2 hour1s of good video tape all together .  On Nov,22,2009 I was getting in bed . After I laid down I looked out my bedroom window and was gazing at the eastern night sky. It was around midnight and the sky was clear of clouds. I happened to notice a star flickering and calmly thought to myself, Satellite? Yeah most likely, but then I remembered a show I watched about quasar1s.  Which I believe are black holes that emit a flashing light from its center. But I was not alarmed or even startled. I was wondering if I was really looking at a quasar, or was it simply just a satellite??  Well, that1s when it started moving and my jaw dropped and my heart started to race. I was so excited , I wanted to tell the world or start video taping , but all I could do was lay in bed with my head propped on my hand , for I feared I would never ever see anything like this again. Which I was dead wrong about! But I didn1t want to stop watching , plus I just finished moving so I had no clue where my video camera was, and all I could think of was using my cell phone, but I knew it wouldn1t get anything worth while. So I laid and watched. 
	Usually when I see them its between 10:30 p.m and 1:00 am eastern time. They usually appear in threes, and only on the very first night was there ever more than three confirmed moving in the sky in one night.  These UFO1s seem to have intelligent operator1s. I say this because I1ve went out side twice to try to see them better on the first couple nights but when I went out they became very still, and continued to remain still for 10 mins or so after I went inside my house. To be honest and upfront, They look and in a sense act like star1s. That1s the main reason why I said they had intelligent operators! 
	In due time these ufo1s 1glide 1as I call it across the night sky. But they don1t only glide! They make short, very very fast jerky movements at times. I1ve seen them do u turns, complete vertical loops and double loops, and single and double horizontal loops! They do pointless maneuvers like, right-----> left , right--------->Left, right------> and I1ve seen them do 45 degree turns one right after another, They flicker but usually are the same basic colors of the stars, but the same three seem to keep appearing and one of the three is always a amberish color. But they have a flicker effect to them that always catches my eye. I spotted the very first one only because it was flickering. They make, what look like very short, fast, and erratic movements, but If your not watching that one target you would never see it moving, But on the other hand, if your only watching the one SO CALLED STAR no human alive would doubt me when it moves !!! 
	I1ve seen them slowly dim out, I1ve seen them flicker what seemed to be, at one another , and then start to flicker in sync. When they flickered at each other and in sync the did it very brightly, and instead of a flicker, they kind of flashed. But the night they flashed and flickered at one another and in sync was my first night.  That night I spotted one, then I identified three, then out of nowhere three more showed up, and than I was watching multiple targets move at once, since at that time they all moved rather close to each other and grouped up, allowing me to see more than one move at once. That1s around the time they all moved up in a weird fashion 1which can be described if asked1  The only time I could really count them was when they all moved weirdly up together. They would dim down and disappear and reappear out of nowhere. But when they moved up together , they all stayed lit up, allowing me to count quickly.
	
But the most craziest part is when a bright one, 1some are brighter than others1 Shot out three more of these ufo1s . One came out straight down. Then the other two shot out at a downward 45 degree angle , one on each side.  The climax lasted maybe, 4-8 mins then if they didn1t dim down and disappear, they moved slowly out of the South East sky, and continued moving to and threw the south southeast sky, until I could not see them no more threw my window.  But , the way they move makes no sense, and the way they accelerate is UNBELIVABLELY fast!! They seem to be able to stop just as fast as well! 
	I have a lot more to say but don1t want to ramble on. There is so much to gain from what I1m seeing. I can only hope you take me serious. I would gladly upload the video I1ve got but my camcorder use1s 8mm tapes, but I1ve burned it to a dvd+R disc, but I cant get my computer to read it!!!! I could mail a copy????? 

When I video taped I opened my window 1even though it was freezing1 and removed my screen and video taped while my camera sat completely still on my window sill. I also have footage that was shot threw a normal window screen.  The video is really convincing!!! 

Now, I love outer space and stargazing! I just turned 29 this year , so for about 15 years now I1ve avidly looked at the sky. And I wouldn1t be writing this, nore would I have lost any sleep the first night, if I had stopped watching what I thought might have been a quasar, 1 which didn1t alarm me until it moved!1 just one second before it started moving. But when that star/quasar started moving, well1. lets just say that1s 3 seconds of movement I1ll never forget!
I need more and better cameras, I need professionals to see this!!!!!!  Please contact me!!!!!!!
