{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-09-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5983,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5495730.json","updb_database_id":5495730}
Three GI's watched light in sky. One saw craft land with entities.

Grafenw1hr (Grafenwoehr) West Germany Summer of 1966

  Grafenw1hr was a major training area for N.A.T.O. forces and 

located close to the Czechoslovakian border.
  I was in the weapons platoon of a rifle company in the 

(U.S.) ARMY. The weapons platoon was made up of 4 armored 

personnel carriers, which were 13 ton, lightly armored, tracked 

vehicles [M113]. Three of the APC's were 81mm mortar gun crews, 

and the one I was in was the fire directions center. I was a 

driver at the time.
  We, approximately 14 men, were on a training mission out in 

the field by ourselves. The gun crews had set up their mortars 

and the fire directions center had laid in the guns, which is 

sighting them using aiming stakes for the gun crews to put their 

sights on.
  I was tired at dusk and rolled out my sleeping bag in a 

nice grassy area under a tree and beside my APC. Another 

sargeant did also. I went to sleep quickly.
  Three men, one on guard duty, were watching a star or light 

in the sky apparently pulsing with different colors. Two of the 

men went on to their sleeping bags and the guard stayed up.
  My squad leader was on radio watch because we had been 

warned we might have aggressors trying to sneak up on us that 

night.
  The next morning, I awoke to find several men talking in a 

group about not being woke up for guard duty. Just then my squad 

leader emerged from the APC and said he had fallen asleep at the 

radios for some strange reason. This had never happened to him 

before.
  My platoon sargeant, one of the three watching the light 

the previous night, told of being in a dream state and hearing 

the guard yelling frantically for help. The sargeant said he 

couldn't move but could hear.
  About 09:00 [AM] we heard and saw the guard that was on 

first watch coming down a hill about 200 yards away. When he 

reached us he was hysterical and crying. He said, "I thought all 

of you were dead." He then recounted his story.
  When two of the three men watching the star the previous 

night went to bed, the guard went toward the woodline, where we 

had set up camp.The guard then turned toward a clearing to the 

west of camp and said a craft had landed there in front of him. 

It had numerous lights of changing colors all down it's side. 

The guard saw three figures emerge from the craft. The figures 

didn't walk on the ground, they seemed to be floating just above 

the ground and bobbed side to side. The guard yelled for them to 

halt. When they didn't stop, he thought about turning on his 

flashlight, but something in his head said 'no'. The guard 

grabbed an aiming stake and tossed it at them. [the guard was 

carrying a rifle but no live rounds were issued because they 

were not on a range at the time] He kept hearing a voice in his 

mind that said, "Don't be afraid, we won't hurt you." 
  The guard heard one of the beings in the woods behind him 

and felt he was being trapped so he ran away. He came upon 

another group of GI's some distance away and told them his 

story. He pleaded with them to come to our position and they 

wouldn't. They assumed he was intoxicated on something.
  He stayed with them until morning then came back toward our 

position. Looking down a hill he saw a silvery, cigar shaped 

craft still where it landed the night before. He ran back to the 

other GI's and again begged them to come with him. They again 

refused to come. He waited a few more hours and then came back 

to our camp when all of us saw him. He told us the story, and 

someone found the aiming stake he had thrown.
  The sargeant that slept a few yards from me said he had the 

strangest dream of being examined in a brightly lit operating 

room. He also said he had an awful headache in the top of his 

head. Along with this, the grassy area where we slept appeared 

to have had a core sample taken from it. A round spot of grass 

and dirt a few inches deep were missing.
  The platoon sargeant recalled hearing the guard yelling 

desperately for help but he could not move.
  My APC had the infrared lenses cracked and everything 

electrical was burned out. I remember the maintenance crew in 

our company asking what happened. They had never seen this kind 

of damage to a vehicle before. My APC had to be towed in to base 

that night, later to be sent back to Ordinance.
  The Colonel, our battalion commander, wanted some 

explanation for all of the damages. When he was told, he said he 

could not file an official report, because only one person was a 

witness to the event.

  My personal experience of that night involved a watch I was 

given for graduation. It was anti-magnetic and glowed in the 

dark, but that night it stopped working and glowing.
  I knew the guard who was on duty that night, and after the 

incident he was very emotionally disturbed. He was sent away and 

I never saw him again.
  I don't have any recollections myself of that night but I 

really would like to know what that was.
  I am leaving the other mens' names out for their privacy.

    In 1966, I was in US Army-A Company-2nd Battalion-21st 

Infantry-24th Division
