{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-16 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496730","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/730/mufon-5496730.json","updb_database_id":5496730}
{cak} Seen silver object in the sky when driving I water and ice.

I was picking up my seven and a half year old son when we decided to go to water and ice for an after school treat. When we were on Ironwood and Apache Trail in traffic around 1:30 pm (mst) stuck at a red light, I seen this silver bright object in the sky that wasn't that big, but caught my attention due to the brightness of the reflection. I was already at a red light and behind 20 other cas so I moved very slow, but had my attention on this object, because it didn't look like an airplane but disc shaped the more I looked at it. It wasn't traveling very fast at all but sort of just floating towards the northeast direction. At my amazement I knew it wasn't a plane, nor a helicopter, bag,balion, star, jet. It was very sphere like and too perect of shape to be anything ive ever seen before. I knew it was a ufo! I couldn't keep my eyes off it when at about the third minute it totally dissapeared!!! I was shocked! I tried looking for it thinking that my eyes played a trick on me but no, it disappeared!!! At my green light I hurried up and went to water and ice which was 5 blocks straight ahead, I made a right hand turn into the parking lot, parked turned off my car got out looked into the direction of the last time I seen the ugh when there was a big black helicicoptor going in the same direction moving with a purpose! I immediately texted my brother and told him what I seen since he believes in these things. I was amazed!!! I tried to look for the helicopter and Ido after we got ice cream but couldn't find it, I would have followed the black helicopter if I didn't have my son, but I promised him an i team cone. Well that's it, I am wondering if anyone else seen something similar to what I seen today!?
