{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-03 15:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521638","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/638/mufon-5521638.json","updb_database_id":5521638}
Oswego, IL unknown lights in sky, also possible disc

THIS WAS WRITTEN YESTERDAY-I STILL CANNOT GET THE VIDEOS TO UPLOAD ONTO THIS SITE-THE VIDEO OF THE LIGHTS IS SUPPOSED TO SHOW UP ON YOUTUBE SHORTLY- SEARCH UNDER {Youtube title moved to FI section/cms/tg]
 
 My 12 yr old and I witnessed stationary lights in the sky again above Oswego, IL today. It was the same place and time of day as last Novembers sighting, 3:25pm in the western sky. The sun was getting lower in the sky and there were scattered clouds, though the sky was mostly sunny. The conditions were very similar to our sighting in November. One light appeared to the lower right (west) of the sun and the other was farther to the right (slightly northwest). We only saw them for a minute and then lost them and had to keep driving.
 When I got to our home, about a mile away, I got out our Sony Handycam and caught the lights on it. The stationary lights were in the clouds directly west, to the right of the setting sun, and the lights were lower and bigger than the airplanes that were present before and after. I focused in on one light 2 MINUTES INTO THE FIRST VIDEO and it appeared almost a triangular shape with fuzzy edges and it was a glowing reddish-pink on the top point, white in the center and green on the bottom two points. I was inside and there is dirt on the window. The video is shaky but if you pause on it you can really see the colors. I didn't know it at the time but I also caught three lights later in the video.
 These objects were stationary, not airplanes, as I was also watching and comparing them to airplanes with their contrails. There were no helicopters or small planes in the area when the lights appeared. 
 As I was looking at the second video I noticed that I caught what appears to be a dark disc skipping across the sky at minute 2:59. I don't think it was a bird because in the same area are geese with wings flapping and this was circular and much, much faster.
 Also, in the third video a dark helicopter flew by about 20 minutes after the lights were filmed, about 10 minutes after the disc. 
 Right after the events our Wii froze and wouldnt turn off, has never happened before, and our cell phone wasnt responding when we wanted to play songs, which also hasnt happened before. I am also having problems sending this, have tried twice and it isnt working. The video files in my email also arent working.
 Strange events here in Oswego today!
