{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-05 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291638","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2309,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/638/mufon-5291638.json","updb_database_id":5291638}
Flashing Lights Across Night Sky Star Moving Quickly

My aunt was having a smoke on the patio and I came out to talk to her and she had mentioned how she couldn't see any stars tonight because of all the smoke. I looked up and could only see one (Saturn) and then something flashed very quickly in the sky southeast about three times as big as a star. I thought I might have just been seeing things because it was very quick. I said " I think I just saw a shooting start" my elderly aunt scoffed at me saying "yea right" but I looked closer and saw another flash directly above me and then another somewhere between above me and southeast. I couldn't make it out but they were all the same bright white flashes randomly around the sky. I thought I was seeing things so I looked at the stars. Saturn I believe was the brightest, My star map app says Jupiter is next to it, but I saw no Jupiter, I only saw this bright star south of me, which was either Jupiter or Saturn according to my star map app and to the east and up a bit a smaller star which is somewhere in Capricorn, could be dabih but I believe it was lower than dabih, at any rate, a star about as far away as dabih is to Saturn is where I saw another star approaching at rapid speed from the east up above Saturn and dabih and then taking a turn "descending" down between the two stars and going southwest below Saturn vanishing. Its movement was like a soft and steady glide at high speed between other stars. It was very fast and lasted about 30 to 60 seconds. No streaks just looked like a star-traveling among stars. Was significant enough for me to report. Sometime between 7:20pm and 7:28. Doubt anyone else saw it, but just encase, reported.
