{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-12 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489638","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69973","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/638/mufon-5489638.json","updb_database_id":5489638}
{dr}I awoke completely paralyzed and sensing imminent danger. I could move my eyes only and saw a dark form not even one foot away from me.

I was asleep in my bed. Suddenly, I awoke feeling terrified and quickly realized that I was completely paralyzed. There was a humming sound and I felt like the air was pulsating around me. I desperately tried to move, to cry out to my husband. I couldn't do either. I felt panicked and sick. A sense of dread fell over me and I knew I wasn't alone. My eyes were still able to move and I glanced to my left. Inches from my face was a dark object. It almost seemed like a floating head. I couldn't get a good look because I was immobilized and it was approximately 2am and pitch black in my room. Nevertheless, I saw the outline of a head. Even though it was dark, I could clearly see the shape of it and noticed large black eyes. There almost seemed to be an aura around it which enabled me to see it, but I wouldn't go so far as to call it a light. It didn't make any sense to me at all, but I knew it was alien and that it meant to cause me harm. I was frantic, but couldn't move or scream. I did the only thing I could think of. Spoke to it in my mind. It never answered back. I just kept thinking, "You are NOT welcome here! Go away and never come back!" I kept screaming it in my mind over and over again. Finally, after what felt like a lifetime (probably only a minute or so), the being disappeared. The sense of dread went away and I could move again. I was completely in shock. I looked out my window, but didn't see anything unusual. I started crying, checked on my husband and our 4 year old daughter, and eventually got back in bed. I knew that it was over, but was too shaken to fall asleep again. I felt foolish. It must have been a dream... But it wasn't. There is no doubt in my mind that it happened. I've never told a single soul. Who would believe me after all? Then, I was watching Ancient Aliens tonight and Hangar 1 came on after. There was a story about a woman who also reported the feeling of being paralyzed during an encounter. I've never heard of it happening to anyone else before and I felt less alone when I heard her story. So, I felt compelled to share mine as well in case it might help someone else.
