{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288638","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/638/mufon-5288638.json","updb_database_id":5288638}
Two events in the past in different locations. Please read full description.

I'm sorry but the reporting system doesn't allow me to post my reports apparently because it was too long ago. It says invalid. The most recent was in late 2020 in Bethlehem PA and is not a usual UFO incident, but definitely noteworthy. The first was in Milford NJ probably over 20 years ago when I was about 10 and fits the more common encounter descriptions of others. 

The incident in NJ occurred late night while everyone was sleeping. I awoke to a very loud static humming sound that pulsed through my body. I assumed it was our stereo as it sounded very much like it was turned on full volume with no auxiliary port. When I went to turn it off it wasn't powered on. Nobody else in the house seemed disturbed other than my crying little sister of toddler age in her room. I noticed lights just outside the house in our driveway that I initially thought were headlights, but quickly realized they could not possibly be headlights as they were too bright, spaced too far apart and not in proper position as well as too many in number. They were points of light instead of illuminating the ground. I became frozen with fear and think I decided to go back to my bed and pretend to be asleep. The entire incident may have only lasted about 10 minutes, but my sense of time was certainly altered as I was essentially in shock and it felt like an eternity. 

The second incident is very odd as I had been seeing black helicopters very frequently around this time. I do have some pictures of 2 helicopters that circled above me on election night. Anyway, I had become very frightened as Christmas was approaching and one day noticed foreign cars all over the road. I rushed home and saw a black helicopter in the sky as I walked inside. Then I noticed the shadow of a bee on the window. I was curious because it's not a normal time of year to see bees and went for a look. I very clearly witnessed the antennae of this bee move back and forth in a smooth but mechanical like motion as a swinging pendulum. Each antennae would point in opposite directions while swaying and a visible blue glow would start at the base of the antennae then move upward as if charging. When they reached the peak of their sway one antennae would glow at the tip with a red orb and the other a blue orb. It looked very much as if transmitting a signal. This was clearly not a normal bee. It lasted a few seconds before flying away and I could not get a picture in time.   

I'm aware people will call the first incident a dream. I'm also aware the second makes me sound crazy, perhaps schizophrenic. I am of sound mind. I do not experience or see things like this often. I am not diagnosed with any condition. I do not believe these 2 incidents were dreams or hallucinations. I wish I had evidence or other eyewitnesses or I would've shared the experiences much sooner. I'm sharing the information in hopes that it will be documented. I will try my best to capture some sort of evidence in the future should something happen again. 

I'm also curious if I could report the helicopters? They can be more easily documented and verified. They are black and sometimes fly very low with many eyewitnesses. I still see them at times very recently. I live near the airport and it's used by the military often, but I don't recall ever seeing low black flying helicopters in the air until relatively recently and I know for a fact many others have seen them.
