{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-12 22:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522638","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/638/mufon-5522638.json","updb_database_id":5522638}
Lights very slowly alternating in sky unlike any convential aircraft I've seen

My wife and I were travelling west on I-80 about 5 miles east of Geneseo, IL. It was August 12, 2011, 10:18 pm when this started. She was driving. I'd travelled this stretch of interstate at night twice a week for the past year while traveling to a job site so I feel I have a good sense of what I should and shouldn't see by now. I was looking out the passenger window when some lights caught my attention.
It was night and we were traveling west at about 73 miles per hour, so my estimation of distances and motion of the object might not be entirely accurate given our speed and direction. The object was to my northwest. It appeared to maybe 1/4 mile (or a little more) north of I-80. I would guess it to have been 200-300 feet in the air. However, like I said, it was night and we were moving so my estimates might be off.
At first I just assumed them to be the lights of a small aircraft. One was red and one was white. Nothing I hadn't seen before. There were only two and they were right on top of each other. Not blinking or anything. Just steady lights. A little odd light placement for an aircraft, but I still wasn't thinking anything abnormal at this point. 
Then the top light slowly went out. About two or three seconds later a light horizontal to the remaining light came on slowly. I thought maybe it was a cell tower or something I'd never noticed there before. However, after years of driving around Illinois for my job, I feel I have a good handle on light patterns of different types of towers.
When I say the lights slowly went out and came back on, remember how those older radio antennae tower would have those slow pulsating lights? The rate of illumination and decay of these lights was much much slower than those types of lights. The lights were also a little brighter and slightly larger than lights one would usually see on smaller aircraft.
Now I'm looking at two lights that are still horizontal to each other. Then the original light (the one on the left) goes out slowly. A few seconds later another light appears above the one that is still it. Then the original light that was on the top-left comes on again, but this time a different color.
For the next few minutes these lights would come on and off. Any combination of lights would occur. At any moment there would be 1, 2, or 3 lights on, but never all 4. All of the lights would alternate between white and red. However, they would never change color when illuminated. If one came one red or white it would remain that color until going off. There was no apparent pattern as to which lights would come on when or how long a light would stay on.
If I had to guess, I would say that the lights were the part of the same structure or aircraft. Although, I never could seen an outline of any type of craft. 
From my vantage point, the lights appeared about centimeter apart vertically, maybe an inch horizontally. However, in seeing that I can't give a direct distance of the object relative to myself, I don't know how far away the lights actually may have been from each other. If I had to guess, I would say maybe 10 to 15 feet.
During the entire event, which lasted about 3 to 4 minutes, the lights maintained the shape of a perfect rectangle with the long side running horizontal. This shape never seemed to falter until the object was a good distance behind us. If it were a cell tower or something, I would think the apparent position of the lights in respect to each other would have changed relative to our passing it.
If I were to guess, I would put the object moving westbound very slowly as we did not pass it as fast as other things. It seemed to stay to the northwest of us and north of us longer than a stationary object would have. However, once we passed it, the distance between us and the object seemed to grow more quickly which leads me to believe it then started traveling northeast. However, I never saw it turn. By the time this occurred, with the distance between us my eyesight couldn't make out individual positions of the lights. To my eye, It was just one blurry light changing colors. But that was more because I wasn't wearing my reading glasses.
When the object seemed to change and start traveling northeast, the interstate did veer slightly to the right, which would have given the illusion of the object veering that direction anyway. However, the position of the object seemed to over-compensate northeastward in comparison to the illusion of motion a stationary object would have given.
I watched the object until (still appearing to be heading northeast even though the interstate was a now a northwesterly straight section again) it was only a few degrees over the horizon. Then we began passing the town of Geneseo and I lost sight of it.
During the event my wife glanced over at it as much as should could. However, we were driving with our twin babies in the back so not crashing won out over her watching it. We decided not to pull over (again out of fear of getting hit while parked and hurting the kids).
Three days later as we passing Geneseo heading east back to Chicago, I looked diligently in the same area and saw nothing. This leads me to believe it wasn't a tower of some sort. I have also driven past that site many times before, but never have seen anything in that location since.
There is the Gen-Park which is a grass airstrip about a mile and a half north of where we were driving that night. However, that strip would most likely only be able to hand single engine planes. This did not appear to be a single engine plane at all. Also, a plane would have had to bank a turn to make a change in direction. This object did not appear to do so.
I would love to be able to look at FAA records of the area from that time on that night to see if there was any registered aircraft in that location at that time. Please let me know how I might be able to go about researching this or see if anyone else witnessed this object. Thanks!
