{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-08-03 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451638","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110008","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2244,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/638/mufon-5451638.json","updb_database_id":5451638}
Was a blue ball of light. Sort pf like electric blue glowing like. Hard to explain.

Bright blue small ball of light. Seemed like it knew we saw it. It hovered over the Penobscot River about across from the French settlement road beside US rte 2 for about 2 to 3 seconds after we spotted it n it dropped from the sky so fast, we both got the feeling it had wanted to catch our eye then vanish. Strangest thing about it is when we saw it together we were about 20, and we both had seen it 1 other time seperate from one another before we lived together, but over the same river every time and in 3 different spots for each soghting of it, and the same exact reaction from it all 3 times. About the moment you notice it, it would just for lack of a better term, drop. Seemed like it went right into the water. Where else could it have gone? Maybe its just some strange energy from the water. Every time i mention it people just look at me like i have 10 heads or something. There were no distinct shapes or windows or doors or anything that i could see. Looked like a shiny blue light but metallic type blue. Or like the blue you see from electricity sparking i guess. But also looked like a metal sphere within the blue. It still boggles my mind and here almost 20 years later i still think about this event every time i drive that route. And its rite near my house so i go past a lot. I have been looking for similar images to it for as long as i have had the internet available to do so since. I have only ever seen 2 images that looked close. Neither exact. But similar color. I would love to hear if anybody else has seen this in Maine or anywhere. Thanks.
