{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489188","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/188/mufon-5489188.json","updb_database_id":5489188}
{cak} Sighting overhead on cloudless, starry night.

What I am about to disclose I have never told another soul.

I am 62 years old and while watching re-runs of the X-Files a long forgotten memory resurfaced.

I was 17 and spending time at the family vacation house in Becket, Massachusetts. It was summertime. It was warm but not humid. I don't recall what phase the moon was in but I remember it being bright and cloudless. I was standing in the front yard. It was nighttime. For reasons unknown I looked up to see the stars. After a moment or two I saw a light no larger than a star rapidly move approximately two inches across the sky right to left. It stopped momentarily then moved the same distance left to right and back again. It then moved up, right, down, then left. As I think about it, it reminds me of the lines drawn on an "Etch-A-Sketch". I watched it move for one to two minutes or until my neck began to hurt.

I never again saw this phenomenon.

Instinctively I knew what it was and felt no surprise or fear. I did not then or do not now believe any country on earth was technologically advanced to have such a craft that could maneuver as it could.

This event I considered extremely personal and buried the memory deep within my sub-conscious until now.

I must tell you that I am not so ego-maniacal as to believe humans are the only intelligent life that exits in the infinite space that God created.

Also I do not believe in the "big bang" theory or that science and the belief in a higher power are mutually exclusive nor do I believe something can be created out of nothing since nothing does not exist. God is everywhere in the form of energy we cannot measure or see.

I have experienced some wondrous and inexplicable moments in my life and I don't believe anything is impossible.

I do wish governments were more transparent and would freely tell people what they know about extraterrestrial biological entities. It is my belief people would exhibit curiosity and a great debate would begin on the merits of the search for extraterrestrial life.

After dedicating countless hours to this subject, it is my considered opinion that only when science can create man made wormholes will we be able to reach out to other intelligent life in moments not lifetimes.
