{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513188","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/188/mufon-5513188.json","updb_database_id":5513188}
{cak} camping,saw huge aircraft overhead,scarred,observed craft fly off in less than a second, havnet talked about this in 15-20 years

Not sure about the dates, I have a piece of paper in a box in the garage somewhere with an explanation,drawing and an appx date this occurred. Wrote a letter to someone years ago(cant remember if it was u ) but never got response so I just said screw it. havent really talked about it since except I have told a couple buddies, and daughter but they probably just wave it by.. I really don't care. Dont want any attention or to b harassed so it was very hard to finally write this.. years ago, at Roosevelt lake, in Arizona,ex girlfriend and i were camping, just before dusk, across the lake,mountain range ht., we saw a brite light shining to the south(towards us) then it would turn left and then to the right.. brightest light I had ever seen. it would also move to the left and right with great speed . then it started coming towards us, slowly. no sound,across the lake and the big front light was off and a black (I don't know what kind of shape to describe it)figure appeared to get larger as it approached. we suddenly both got so scarred we went inside the tent(false since of security but we felt better,but scarred,shaking) after a couple minutes(which it seemed forever) we went out to see if it was gone and it was right overhead.. hugest craft I have ever seen,her too obviously,no sound or very little humming,nothing made from here, 4 small little lights in front, spaced apart.. don't know if we were in shock or not but watched it as it passed overhead,past the bush/tree line behind us and then shot up with a swoop to infinity within a second or 2. I cant believe i just wrote all this, u must get tons of this all the time.. maybe it was time.. thanks for listening.. I know what I saw, don't want anyone to try and convince me different.. or publicity.. we didn't make it or fly it !
