{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490188","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69405","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/188/mufon-5490188.json","updb_database_id":5490188}
3 Objects hovering low, one below the other 2, with static noise. Fourth object hovered above the other 3

It started around midnight when I went out to lock the shop in my back yard which faces south. I kept hearing a noise, like something dragging in gravel. I repeatedly looked down the driveway to see what it was. There was nothing there. That's when I looked up and seen three bright white and red rapidly rotating objects, hovering below cloud level. At first I could not comprehend what I was seeing. The bottom object was going up and down, and turning dull red as it drifted down then a static discharge could be heard, then it went back up below the other two and turned a brighter colour. This went on for about an hour. It appeared to me that the other two above it were trying to hold it up. It sank repeatedly, with the same noise when it went up. 
I have observed many things in the night sky, jets, satellites, meteors, planets, but I have never witnessed an event so bizarre. I continued to watch when I noticed a large orange object coming form the west at a low altitude, and speed. It climbed to a position above the other three objects and pulled the apparently troubled bottom orb into or beside it. 
At that point, the other two higher objects dropped in formation to a low altitude and headed east. The larger orange object dropped also and went in the same direction until I lost sight of them. 
Just when I thought it was over, I seen another object speeding through the broken cloud cover towards the other four objects. It was so bright it lit up the clouds for hundreds of feet. 
At one point during this whole thing, a man walking in front of my house said to me, are you seeing this. He appeared to be scared, and bewildered. I said I had been watching this for over an hour. 
The next day my friends said that my face and neck were red. This is what I saw, and felt the need to tell people. In all the excitement I forgot to close my back door. It was open in the morning when I got up. 
It seems that I spend a lot of time thinking about this.
