{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-13 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290188","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/188/mufon-5290188.json","updb_database_id":5290188}
observed from 5pm til around 10pm hundreds to thousands of round orbs, dim lighting ,traveling from north west to southwest.

On November 13, 2010 my neighbor and I viewed hundreds of dimly lit orb shaped objects, traveling from n.w. to s.w., at approximately 8pm to 10pm. they were traveling at a high rate of speed, all were at an equal distance from each other and seemed to be heading somewhere with purpose. they were high in the sky. It was a bright moon, windy night, no rain, clearing between sparse clouds so we could see the objects. we viewed them from a field with about 2 acres of land. we were not in a city, it was on farm land about 5 miles from a small town. The sighting was rather disturbing as I have never seen so many craft at one time. At that time, my neighbor was 68 yrs old and I was 60. We are both healthcare workers, she also was working at the Boeing co then, she taught classes to healthcare students and i was a medical massage therapist, liscensed by the state and a preferred provider with most medical insurers. I had been in practice for about 20 years. We called around our community to report the sightings and tried to find out if anyone else saw them. We could find no one else. This was not an act of nature, you could tell by the way these craft were moving in the sky. I was terrified and when I got home had to take a tranquilizer to calm down from the shaking in my body and to get to sleep. I had anxiety for several weeks afterward. We never did find any one else who observed the craft. I made a report to a website that has since been removed from the internet several years ago. I received no response from them. During this event I was very uneasy and wanted to flee, I had gotten out of my vehicle and was standing in a large field looking up at them. I was so scared I couldn't move but felt the urge to get away.
