{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1960-06-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528188","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27399","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/188/mufon-5528188.json","updb_database_id":5528188}
Two bright white objects orbiting a full moon

Un-Identified Objects
Now here is another strange happening in my young life. Every Sunday our family went to my grandparent1s house in Salem, Il. It was my Mom1s mother and father. Well after a great meal and always fresh homemade bread or rolls with lots of homemade butter. We all sat and watched TV or talked and enjoyed the rest of the evening. I was always the center of attention with my Granddad. He just loved to tease me or get me into trouble and mother would always come to my rescue and chew him out or make him stop. Granddad should have got the whipping instead of me. But I always managed to get a whooping before we headed back home. 
Well this Sunday wasn1t any different from any other Sunday at Mamah and Granddads house. And when we would get in the car, the 68 Chevrolet Biscayne, to go home, my favorite place was always laying on my back, in the back deck below the back window, so I could watch the stars twist and turn when dad would turn a corner or go around a curve. Well this night it was a full moon. I watch the moon as we traveled towards home. That is when I saw two small bright white objects appear. They were round in shape, and circling around the moon. They each had different orbital paths and moved fast. I knew they were fast moving because as soon as they disappeared behind the moon they reappeared on the opposite side and traveled around the moon again. They were bright enough that you could see them when they moved across the moon. Sometimes these two objects would travel around the moons outside circumference so they were always visible as they traveled around the moon. I watched in amazement and being young 5 to 6 years of age, did not understand what I was seeing. I told my parents what I was seeing and they dismissed me again as if I were being silly. When I went back to look again these two objects were gone and I never saw them ever again.

The attached photo is a rendition of what I saw, that I created just for this report, it is not an actual photo of the objects I recall seeing. It was a clear night with many stars in the sky.
