{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460188","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/188/mufon-5460188.json","updb_database_id":5460188}
{cak} Red and White Lights Appear in Night Sky Over West Las Vegas

I was in the living room of my 3-story house. We live in West Las Vegas. I started hearing jet engines, which is not uncommon since we live about 6 miles south of Creech Air Force Base and about 15 miles southwest of Nellis Air Force Base. Our living room is on the 3rd floor and we have a rootfop deck on. After about 5 minutes of hearing the jet engines, I decided to go to the kitchen window, which faces east towards downtown Las Vegas. I saw several red lights moving in the sky. There were maybe 5 or 6 at that moment. They were like bright red pinpoints. They were not moving anything like an airplane, but were changing direction constantly and smoothly... no jerking. They started moving towards the north, so I walked up to the roof. It was just past midnight and very cold. I'm guessing about 40 degrees or so. I was only wearing shorts and tee shirt. I saw the red lights moving around and now the jet engine noise faded away and an intense sound occurred that was almost below what I could hear. Suddenly a bright white light appeared on Lone Mountain near the summit. It's about 700 feet tall and down the hill about 4 blocks away. One by one the white lights appeared from the top to the lower ridge. As they appeared, they got brighter until 3 lights appeared. Meanwhile, the red lights began to form into 3 groups of 4 lights each and then the groups slowly began to move to the north towards the Sheep Mountain range north of my position. Meanwhile, the white lights were VERY bright but it didn't hurt my eyes to look at them. The whitest lights I have ever seen. All at once, all 3 white lights ascended into the sky until they disappeard overhead into the night sky above. There were NO clouds at all that I remember that night. It was perfectly clear and it was cold.
