{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-25 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5504106.json","updb_database_id":5504106}
{rjl} Friend and I saw disc shaped object hovering above horse pasture. The slowy leave. Videoed flashing lights with phone.

I was feeding horses about 8:30 the night of August 25, 2013. My friend had been outside of my barn messing around in the grass. He asked me a few times to come outside and see what he was seeing, I did ignore him. But then I decided to go outside because he was getting agitated, asking me what it was he was looking at. I walked out of the barn and he pointed in the sky. When I saw a disc shaped object, with flashing red, yellow, blue, and white lights, hovering above my horse pasture in the sky. When seeing the object it was to the right of a light pole( the light pole approximately 30 ft from me) and it was a little further above my pasture. About 120-150 feet away from me and my friend.
My friend, who is younger than I was getting a bit uneasy and worried. As we watched the object was flashing these lights then all of the sudden the lights lit up all white! My friend and I instantly looked at eachother to make sure we were seeing the same things! I just then remember to pull out my phone, and video it! I recorded the object heading south west in a straight line towards I-35. With the lights flashing all different colors again. I believe I missed some time between the object being lot up all white and then returning back to flashing all different colors. I instantly ran inside and grabbed a pistol when the object was out of sight just to be sure. I told my sister, and she did not believe me at first! But with me and my friend both telling her she changed her mind. I felt extremely emotional while this was going on. I wanted to cry my eyes out. In the video you are observing the flashing light moving across the sky is the object. You hear me and my friend arguing about it and you can here the shakiness in my voice.
