{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-08 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":16010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5286106.json","updb_database_id":5286106}
Biblical

This was like a star in the sky but it was too early. The sun was setting but the sky was not dark enough for a star to be this bright.

The star seemed to just "turn on" in the corner of my eye. Instantly I knew it was not normal, and I just ignored it on instinct or something.
However it flickered a bit. I looked around then... To look for other stars but saw none.

Then I went back to ignoring this suspicious star. I was riding a bicycle at the time. So I just kept looking straight ahead on the road I was travelling.
However, this star then seemed to detach itself from the sky. It was hard to comprehend. It did not seem to move, it was in the same place in the corner of my eye, up in the air. Yet, somehow I knew it had detached from the sky...???

Even then, I kept ignoring it and looking straight ahead at the road in front of me. Shortly, it began to flicker or flash.
I really wanted to keep ignoring this, but I kept thinking about movies I have seen... And this seemed to remind me of those movies where an asteroid is heading to earth or something... Or an object entering earths atmosphere.

So, knowing my bad luck, I thought this is going to be an asteroid and its going to land right on me... Maybe I should look at it?

Then, the object swooped like a leaf, or a dove... smooth arcs in the sky... Now, it was definitely a thing... It definitely was aware of me... It was close now... Less than 100 feet I guess. maybe much closer....

It was no longer in the corner of my eye. it moved to maybe a 1 or 2 o'clock position to me... Still above me, but lower than it had been when it was a star.

Shortly, it moved again, rapidly... Right over to me... Still at 2 o'clock maybe. But lower. pretty much at my head level. very close... 10-20 feet maybe, from me...

By now I am quite concerned. Relieved its not an asteroid landing on me... But alarmed that its some... Thing.
My brain wanted to explain it away... A firefly.

Except, I have seen lots of fireflies. But none this bright, or this color... And they always flashed on and off.. This was just staying on.

Again, it got closer. Now its almost within my reach. Though I made no attempt to touch it. I kept my hands on my handlebars.
Now I was worried its some big gross bug that will fly in to my face and get bug slime or poo on me...

But, suddenly I thought I was looking at the moon. A tiny moon, like the size of a ping pong ball. Then it turned blue. a blue moon?? or like a pulsar or some star?
it was rotating, too... The features like the features on the moon... were moving from left to right... My left... Like, i guess it was spinning counter clockwise...
But it looked strange... Like it was round, an orb... yet, the movement on its surface was like a flat paper... it confused me... But recently I have seen NASA video about pulsars or some stars, and their animations looked like the similar effect I saw in the UFO.

So, By now, I am wondering OK WTF????? I should be freaking out but I felt calm... Entranced...

Then, it moved again... now it was directly in front of me. I am still on my bike, going as fast as I can...
Thinking this had to be some kind of animal insect thing... I tried to get around it. I swerved all over the road. But this thing kept in front of me and I could not shake it.
Like it wass predicting my moves and just toying with me.

Accepting that I was its prisoner, I just asked "So what do YOU want"? I spoke this out loud. With emphasis on the word "you" because, immediately prior to this encounter, I had just encountered a bird, a squirrel and a whale. Who, by the way... all spoke to me. the bird did not say much, and I dismissed it. But then i met a squirrel and it very clearly managed to communicate with me. chirping and using some kind of sign language at first.. but then its like i heard it in my mind asking me "do you hear me now"? and I spoke out loud "I think so"??? and he then pointed out to the water below, and a whale emerged just in the exact spot the squirrel had pointed.
Then the whale sprayed mist in to the air. It almost seemed like a big dome above the whale.. but then seemed to direct towards me... Like as if the whale had sonar or power that focused on me.
Then I seemed to be in a trance. With the whale.... I lost track of time. it was overwhelming and like a dream. At one point, the whale eased off of whatever it was doing to me. asking me if i am ok, making sure i am fine... And I was like yea go on tell me more?!

and.. eventually, the whale began its goodbyes... And with a loud slap of its tail, it woke me from the trance. Remembering where I was...
I see the whale give a wave at me with its tail then its below... "Gone" I think. but "not gone, still here... but you should go, run. something comes for you"
And suddenly, I realize its late, the sun is setting, i am far from camp...
And, something is coming for me? So i imagined wolves coming to eat me and thats why I fled. Got on my bike and got back on the road and took off as fast as I could go.

Okay, then that is why i was on the road biking so fast.
And, I had been freaking out like what was that??? Squirrel and a whale??? and that bird too? no way. Didnt happen.
And as soon as I convinced myself to block it all out, forget it, dont tell anyone they will think im crazy and ruin my life.

As soon as I made my mind up to forget. That exact moment is when the "star" came out.

Sorry about the mixed up order of events. But back to the UFO.
So.. It was in front of me... glowing brighter.. And I could not evade around it. I knew turning around and going the other way was pointless, obviously this thing can fly circles around me, easily...

Thats why I asked it "what do YOU want" as if the whale hadnt ruined my life enough already!
well, as soon as I asked what it wants,... Then it changes.

it grow, bigger, brighter. It is shimmering now, with strange golden white light...
I really forget all it did. But it no longer had an visible solid form, like when it was a tiny moon ping pong ball, corn kernel... Now it was just shimmering light... fluid...

I forget the exact order of what it did. But, it spun and flashed... and it seemed bright and dark... Then it was a little red dot. But the dot spun around and drew a circle in the air. a deep red circle.
It was still in front of me, but slightly off to one side. It seemed aware that I was still concerned with the road I was on. Even though the road could seem to disappear.
Anyways, so this red circle, it was horizontal, like a halo... a deep red halo floating in front of me, moving with me matching my speed.
This red circle then had another circle come out of it. So that there was 1 horizontal and 1 vertical...
Then, these red circles somehow melted in to gold, amber... flower like shape... Then began to flow like molten metal. Infolding onto itself...

There was a loud blast, like a trumpet, like a shofar. One loud, long blast that almost seemed like it could deafen me. Then silence again.
This infolding flower thing was now like many dots... many small dots, flying around...

It looked somewhat like a globular cluster in the NASA videos... only, this was tiny, and in front of me.. and, moving like a school of fish, randomly or not randomly...
I couldnt tell if these dots were all part of the same thing, or each their own thing.

Because, by now I was starting to think of this UFO as a person. The squirrel was like a little person, the whale was like a big, wise person...
This UFO... was like... a person... But at times, it felt like the person was actually hiding behind the UFO. It was very confusing.

I to this day wonder if each of the tiny dots, can also grow... and if they too can each look like a moon, and they each can split themselves again in to dots and more dots??

However, while I was in awe of these fish dot star clusters... They moved... came together again or something... And them moved directly in front of me again...

Now, I am slowly becoming aware how unusual this all is. This is liike, some kind of of life form, without form... and is it even alive?? It seemed more alive than machine....
Anyways... Now this thing quickly showed off to me.. It was like a star, a pointy cartoon like star.... but the points became like apendages, legs, arms, wings, head.. then it was like a fairy, Tinkerbell sort of tiny humanoid made of golden light and energy???
But, then it changed again and again and again, as fast as I could make sense of what I was seeing, it changed again...
Then, I remember an animal face... I had thought like a mouse or rodent type shape, but later on, eventually concluded it was actualyl a lambs face.

Which makes more sense when, next, it turned in to dots again. Yellow now.. pea sized I had thought, but later realized it was more liek kernels of corn. Corn kernels floating, in rows... flat....

then, the kernels started to move, vibrate, and bounce up and down more and more rapidly.
Then they went so fast and seemed to melt and grow together. Like a lake of golden water light...

And, a humanoid face emerged from it... First, the face was sideways, and upturned. Maybe like a person would burst out of water, starving for a breath of air...
The face spun around and looked directly at me....
I had been leaning forward, looking very closely trying to make sense of these dot things, what are they??
So, when this human face came up, it was right in front of me, face to face...

At first, I explained it away like, oh ok this is just a robot thing that is scanning me, and projecting a copy of my face...
But, then it kept growing... And I knew, this is not my face anymore... This is like, some hard, badass tough guys face and its all like... torn up?

And it was awesome... So much that my jaw dropped and my mouth was agape... At the same time this human face in the light had opened its mouth.

So, I snapped my mouth shut... And expected this face would snap its mouth shut too? but instead, its mouth kept opening wider and wider...and a tail...
At first I thought it was like a dragon tail, or a spade... but now I know it was more like a lions tail. But it turned to fire...
This human face then was gone. up.. On a pillar of fire...

So, I had been leaning forward. Now, I leaned back so I could look up... maybe 8 feet up... But while I looked for the face, my attention was drawn to a big flaming blade like a scythe.

It just hung there over me. with stuff streaming from it, like blood, or feathers, or red clouds. it seemed also liek a translucent veil? I could almost see somethng behind it...

But, suddenly this blade was swinging down towards my head.
I should duck, but I Just thought my life is crap and this would be an epic way to die. Also, this seemed to be like an 
Angel, and I was in love not afraid..
So I just stuck my neck out...

But at the lasst moment the blade dropped from neck level and aimed at my chest. Now its like a straight, double edged broad sword. Directly at my chest. I feel my heart as if my heart is being pulled on...

Now I lower my head to look down, worried that i have just been stabbed? But, I look down in time to see this blade of energy is shrinking, withdrawing...

It then kind of looked like a fan, like thos fold up hand fans... or a spade, a shovel.. A hand held mirror...

A swirling circle. liek a tube, a tunnel, a pool...?
a ring of gold, amber, dross... and in the ring I could see things.
Anything.. Anything I could think of, it could show me... and anything it coudl show me, i culd think of.

This is when the UFO and I started to "talk". before this, its like it was just showing off... but, now it was in my mind, like the whale had been. only more intimate...

Now it was definitely like a person, a friend, a love. Now we were just talking, it even seemed to have a sense of humor. nt talking talking.. just, in some perfect form of communication. and i am just asking "how"? and "what"???? and "as if..."

it showed me things, in its light. just random stuff. well, there was a tree and a woman under it holding a baby, a dying baby?
it seemed like heaven and earth and we humans are killing earth and the mother is weeping under the tree...

Anyways, eventually, like the whale, this UFO started its long goodbyes, letting me down gently... Then, we parted with a joke...
Something to do with one of those chocolate easter bunnies. it showed me this. and i ask, why are you showing me a chocolate easter bunny in a golden pool of floating lights?
and it let me know this is not random.
Suddenly, i just though "oh" and then I suggested that the UFO should put the chocolate bunny in a plastic bag then put a price tag on it like $2.99 unless its after eater then it can go on sale $1.99 or $0.99???

Then the ball of light was a ball of light again, it had closed up its pool....it laughed at me, at my price tag plastic bag joke, i guess? and, now i "heard" its words...
Previously, it had been comunicating with me in such a direct way, words were not a thing. but, in parting, it have actual words, just saying "LOL you are good"!

Then, I was so overwhelmed... I knew it was leaving... but I wished it away... Now, I realized my bike was coasting to a stop, I put my foot down and stopped.

The UFO seemed to sparkle and burn with a hiss.

then, it departed... not back up into the sky. but horizontally. about 5 feet above the ground. in a sort of S shaped motion. side to side, not up and down...

I watched it go... Off in to the darkness. It was sort of reddish as it left. A red ball.

Then, I turned away. Felt Lonely. Wished it would stay. "come back" I thought. "stay forever" I implored.

and "I AM STILL HERE"

said a powerful, but silent voice? from above... from all around...

So that is my UFO, mre or less..

Eventually i tried to make an official report to canadian authorities.

but they have ignored me.

I was even abducted and tortured by some police. and a guy had threatened to shoot me... They then threw me in to this Homewodo mental institution and threatened to basically kill me if i talk about this.

and i ask them, talk about what? the police torturing me, you threatening to kill me, or the UFO"?

and she, the doctor said.. any of it.

Told me do not talk about anything, or we will have the police get you and kill you or bring you back here and we will stick you with needles and drug you and you will never see the light of day again.

So. Having my life ruined by a whale and a UFO was not enough. I then had to be crippled and tortured by some police, threatened by doctors... Andthey turned my family against me...

To this day i can not get a lawyer, i have no freedom, no human rights... I cant even get to church on Sunday...

Its messed up.

Don't the police have to take reports on this??? isnt it illegal for them to ignore me, or threaten to kill me if i talk about this?

any lawyers want to help me get justice and restitution?
I didnt make this up, its all true...
There is more detalis to it but i forget its been years....

I could have thought that the UFO is some kind of advanced technology. But tht doesnt explain the talking animals. Only the Bible can explain this.
