{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5519106.json","updb_database_id":5519106}
Been seeing these for 2 years. Either single or in groups of three or more. Fly straight like plane at first but then changes directions quickly; no sound. Objects will disappear from sight in the horizen and then return seconds later.

These events usually occur between the hours of 12am, 1am, 2am and 3am in the morning, but my wife and I have seen these objects during the day too. Im disabled and have difficulty sleeping because of pain. I go out on our balcony to smoke.

First a little back story: my wife and I have been living at our current residence for 6 years. For the first 4 years, I didn't notice anything strange in the skies. My first sighting occurred during the summer of 2010 at around 12am. We have a perfect view of the night sky from our second story balcony. What caught my attention on that night was a group of three bright orb-like objects that flew silently, and slowly, above the treeline. I first believed they were planes, but after watching them for about 2 minutes, I realized that 1. ) they didn't emit any noise and 2.) two of the three objects instantly changed direction and flew in the opposite direction. This struck me funny because no plane could change its course so quickly. 

The objects disappeared into the horizon in different directions for about 2-3 minutes and then returned back in formation. It scared me! I couldnt figure out how they regrouped so quickly. This has been happening for the past two years. I have seen these objects dip behind tree lines until a plane passes and then return to their original position in the sky. 

During the summer of 2011 - sometime around June to be precious - my wife and I witnessed a large cylinder-like object quietly flying below the clouds. During late July, early August of the same year, I had an experience that scared me so much, I was afraid to venture outside after dark. 

While standing on our balcony having a smoke watching the night sky, a large traingle-like object flew over our building. It made NO noise. It had a ball of light on each corner with a large, circular red light in its center. It was so low it felt like I could reach out and touch it. 

When I turned my attention to the playground (which is in the direction of where I view the sky). I was startled to see a 7-8 foot grey figure. I still believe I was imagining things. Whatever the hell it was, it looked like it vanished or ducked behind a car. It happened so fast. I panicked and almost passed out. I ran into our apartment and it took months for me to go outside. I still don't know what I saw standing out there, if I even saw anything. What I saw didn't register and my mind still cant register what it saw. I wasnt expecting to see anything out there. I just know that it was too tall, too slender and too damn pale to be a person.

I don't have any recording equipment to speak of. I do own an iPhone and have recorded some footage of the objects mentioned earlier and it came out pretty clear. 

I am afraid of the night now. I am scared of it. Maybe its psychological after what happened to me, but it feels like I am being watched. And the sightings continue to occur.
