{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5509106.json","updb_database_id":5509106}
{cak} Dreamlike abduction

I wake up in the middle of the night in my bed to find that my girlfriend isnt there. I don't think much of it maybe she went to the bathroom. I roll over and see out my large window in my bedroom and see a glowing light outside. I thought it was just my dads dusk/dawn light on his garage so i get up to close the blinds. When i look out the window i see a large glowing craft hovering by his garage it emitted a very bright white light. It was so bright that the trees it was behind didn't have a shadows. The trees were probably 15-20ft tall. this is when i notice it got brighter underneath it and a person (something)standing under it, then the craft started to pulsate. the being started to move closer to my window but when it moved it wasnt like it walked it was more like it teleported. It would disappear and reappear in another spot closer to me. For a spilt second it just disappeared i thought it had left. Thats when it raised up from outside my window face to face with me. It was a grey, almond shaped head and big black eyes. I thought to myself this has to be a dream, i need to wake up now but i couldnt. So i told myself i need to try to scream to wake myself up, I managed to let out a scream. This is when i "wake up" i was laying in my bed i jolted myself out of bed when i woke and let out a gasp. I see my girlfriend laying next to me in bed asleep, i roll over to put my arm around her thinking it was all just a dream. thats when i see a shadowy figure of a grey stand in the corner but it was very tall. Taller then the door frame it was standing next to and it was kind of hunched over. I was scared to death almost paralyzed in fear. I just put my head down next to my girlfriend and try to go back to sleep. 

Ive always thought this was a dream but it doesnt really feel like a dream. The experience of it feels like an actual life event. My girlfriend has no memory of something like this happening for the time that i didn't see her. This happend around the spring of 2003 and i havent told many people about this up until recently.
