{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-02 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5291106.json","updb_database_id":5291106}
Solid object in sky off coast of Maui sits stationary for about a minute before vanishing

Looking west across the ocean towards the setting sun, the island of Lanai is directly across the water. There were some clouds sort of sitting there right at Lanai’s peak but the rest of the sky was totally clear minus some very light stratus clouds.

For the last roughly 20 minutes of the sunset, before the sun crossed the horizon line, the sun itself was blocked from my point of view. by the island of lanai, leaving a beautiful palate of colors in the sky. It was during this time, after the sun had passed behind Lanai but before completely setting that I had my sighting. 

Looking out at sky above and around Lanai (from the water right next to Black Rock on Kanapali Beach), just to the right of the island, I saw some solid, completely motionless object. It’s hard to estimate altitude and distance but I would say it was roughly a 30 degree angle from my vantage point and roughly about as high up as Lanai if not slightly lower and if I pointed one hand directly to the north edge of Lanai and my other hand directly at the object they would be roughly 2 feet apart (hope that makes sense)

Whatever was in the sky was glowing and resembled the sun reflecting off a big sheet of gold or copper in the sky, but the sun was setting behind it, so I don’t see how from my POV it could have been any kind of reflection. It’s also hard to estimate the shape of the object, although it kind of looked like a soda can or something (the light coming off of it and distance made it really hard to judge the shape, just what comes to mind). 

I observed it sitting completely still for et least 45 seconds and then it just dissapeared or phased out. It didn’t shoot off, it was just there one second and then gone the next, leaving nothing but clear sky behind. 

***foot note. I have no idea if this is relevant or not but a few nights before I went to the top of Haleakala by myself at about 1 am and spent about 3 hours up there totally alone without seeing another person or car the whole time. It was an almost full moon so there weren’t a lot of stars but I thought I would try at least what I remembered to be the basics of [removed name/cms/fgc] CE-5 protocols. Meditated on and off for a good hour, tried to put a lot of intention into it and aside from a couple shooting stars, didn’t see anything. 

On the night of my sighting, as the sun was setting and I started to see some stars I toyed with the idea again, but only tried to put my “intention” out for about 60 seconds or so... didn’t even really mediate, but about 10 minutes later is when I had my sighting. This probably had nothing to do with it, but thought it was worth mentioning
