{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-27 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55855","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5503106.json","updb_database_id":5503106}
{kt}as night falls red, orange triangular craft since 4/12, also craft which rotate color

These are nightly events that we had started to notice around Mid April, and are still continuing. Wayne County is very dark at night so these craft are fairly easy to watch as they approach, Hover, or move around. 
Just after dusk the red/orange tri-angle shaped craft begin to move in usually they will not go South of the little dipper, although have on a few occasions. As night falls, we sometimes have as many as 40, last night, 4/28 we had many more plus quite a light show,even though we were partially overcast with clouds. We observe them from our lawn or driveway, have filmed them, and have 35mm and digital picture stills as well.
Tonight I have been outside to look and the skies are pretty overcast but the bright red lights and sparkles are showing through the clouds a bit. The clouds are a bright orangeish color not normal for us.
When I/We, first noticed these lights I assumed the A.N.G. were testing drones in the area as I looked closer I wondered why the constellations had changed? I also wondered why nearly all of the stars were the wrong color like a Formation of Marslike triangles, During and after lowflying jets and choppers were coming in and out from South to North then East, West and back to South. The jets are quite quiet for as low as they are flying over. Army Dual Rotors are easy to hear and to identify so we knew what the choppers were. We have seen an Octagon or Hexagon shaped very low flying ship probably 1/2 the size of our town come over very slowly, we have seen color bursts that seem to be red green and yellow with white, or red, violet, blue, green and white, these seem to be ovals that turn into hollow triangle shapes then spin flash and "dance around the sky" disappear but come back. They do answer if engaged as well. The larger triangle shaped red orange ships seem to maintain a hovering in the same spot, the smaller ones seem to have a formation. The larger also sometimes have smaller round white "shooters" come from the brightest part and go to a smaller ship.
I have not been actually physically harmed that I am aware of but we have noticed a sunburn of uncovered areas such as face etc. My husband does seem a bit disoriented after watching the sky. 
Losing sight of the objects sometimes happens if they just burn out for lack of a better description or if they begin to get smaller and larger while spinning and changing color and shape. On one of our recordings one of the larger ones comes toward us several times and almost looks like a face. It looks like the large face found on Mars.
I am going out now for another look. 4/28/2014.
Thank You for your time. Will send media if interested.
