{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-05 21:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5522106.json","updb_database_id":5522106}
Saw lights in woods stopped to investigate 2 hours missing time.

Saturday November 5th I left my Mothers house around 9:30 PM going back to my fathers home where I live for dinner. It takes about ten minutes to get to the top of the (address moved to fi box) cms 12/13/11 09:27 cst flg. overpass from my Moms. I was heading east on Boon rd and off to my left past the entrance ramp behind the Clam river on the ground was what I thought at first was a fire truck because of it1s size, and color of the lights. I slowed down to 25 put my truck in third by the time I made the bottom, and gazed into the woods at what it could be. I passed what I call 1The Bridge to Nowhere" a newly installed bridge over the Clam river off Boon everyone who misses their exit turns around there. There is a thin tree line the rest is clearcut. The car behind me slowed down too at the top of the overpass with an open left lane too pass me. They saw it too. I pulled around in the car pool parking lot they continued on. I went back, and parked at the bridge to nowhere before the Us 131 North exit. It was blocked off by cement blockers and chain. It was right then I knew it wasn1t a vehicle unless it drove in through the back on dirt country roads. This thing was too big for that. I got out of the truck it was sleet and rain. All I had on was one coat, and a crappy pair of Converse. I went out anyway. I just kept thinking in my head. This isn1t how it1s supposed to happen. Like there is some way this should have happened... I walked as far as to the edge of the tree line I wanted cover. When I looked back I couldn1t see the road it was too dark and sleeting too hard. All I could see were the lights. These lights were not caused by blinking bulbs. I don't know what caused the lights, but they flickered like fire, or like magic. Red, yellow, white. Only on the edges the rest looked black metal it was dark it was a disk I couldn1t tell how thick or tall it was, but it was big as to compare it to the size of a fire truck or larger. I pulled my hood down after about a minute of watching the lights to see if I could hear anything other than the sleet hitting my hood. The lights made no noise, but I felt a low humming. Like inside my in my chest. I could hear the sticks on the ground around me cracking. Like something was moving around. By now my heart is beating out of my chest I should mention I have a heart condition so I did think I may die of awe or fright. I remember seeing three shadows in front of the light more cracking. Then the lights turned off. It was like it was gone. I could see nothing I turned and ran as fast as I could. I slipped right when I took off and hurt my wrist, and my pinky finger. I made it too the truck, and locked the doors. I stared into the woods with rain on my windshield for about five minutes before I drove home. I went inside to tell my dad what had happened, and to go back with me, but he was sleeping. His girlfriend was drunk on the couch him and her got into a fight. So I didn1t disturb him. I went back outside to call my girlfriend I told her I saw some lights, and I want to go back in the morning and check it out. I didn1t mention stopping just mentioned it, and she continued to ignore it and chew me out for not having a job instead. Two days later I1m telling my roommates about it in full detail, and they ask me what time did you call your girlfriend. So I looked in my phone it was 12:46 pm I called her moments after I got home. My sighting was three miles down the road from my bedroom. It didn1t take two hours to see this. I didn1t understand why my father was in bed at what I thought was early ten o clock ten thirty. I went back in the morning, and didn1t see any sign of cars or trucks back there. No burns or indents. I think it wasn1t touching the ground. I didn't think it would be like this. What I saw that night was beautiful, and terrifying. I still don1t understand. What don1t I remember. It took a lot to write this down. It kind of makes it feel concrete, but in the end it feels good just to say it. I don1t know where I wan1t this to go. I have no pictures I have no video only my word. What I saw happened. This is my own backyard for the most part. I1ve had sightings before, but not like this. This one was here on the ground. It seems to make a bigger impact. Each sighting seems to leave me with more questions than answers I wish I had a support group, or someone I could talk to about this. Everyone thinks your1e just crazy when you talk about this. Well I1m not crazy yet. I know what saw I1m just sharing now. Which is a lot harder than listening.
