{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-25 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5516106.json","updb_database_id":5516106}
{nd} Multiple Orange Orbs with Secondary wave of Orbs

I was looking out the bedroom window and noticed 3 strange orange-red orbs in the western sky at about 20 to 30 degrees above the mountains (sober). 2 of the orbs were closer together while the 3rd orb was much further apart. The 2 orbs seemed to be coming toward me while the 3rd orb sort of hovered behind, so I went on the adjacent balcony of our 2nd story condo (facing West) and called my girlfriend (an optometrist) over to look. She joined me on the balcony and we both looked at the orbs again and at that EXACT moment, maybe 30 seconds after the initial sighting, a satellite (or Earth orbiter of some sort) slowly passed directly overhead traveling S to SE. I was very surprised and excited, while my girlfriend was quite calm. We both witnessed the satellite as well. The satellite was much, much further in the sky and travelled quite slow. The light was very dim relative the orange orbs. After about 2 minutes, the three orbs faded quickly and disappeared into a cloudless sky with very low light (low half moon). I proceeded to go upstairs to the rooftop deck alone. At that moment (less than 3 minutes after the others left), several dogs started barking in unison all over the neighborhood and 7 or 8 new orange orbs rose into the sky over the mountains of Golden, CO. Two orange fireballs slowly gravitated toward my way while one hovered over the mountains and the other 5 or 6 were rising in an arc formation upward heading S to SE. I ran downstairs to tell my girlfriend to come to the 6th floor rooftop deck (we rarely go up there). 5 or 6 the orbs were hovering and/or ascending while a couple were descending. Somebody on the sidewalk 5 stories down yelled "hey, check that out in the sky." All of the orbs had the same exact look and orange-red glow as the previous 3 orbs which disappeared only minutes before. I was nervous with excitement and then regretting I had my camera 3 stories below and didn't want to miss the spectacular sight. The orbs ascended or headed mostly West or SW and as the ascended they disappeared. The duration of the second group was less than 3 to 4 minutes. I then pointed out a smallcraft airplane headed north of us with NW to W flight path within 2 minutes after the orange-red orbs vanished. Within 3 more minutes, there was a commercial jet flying West directly in the flight path area of the prior orbs. All of the orbs were silent. No blinking lights were present on any of the orbs and after seeing the small aircraft, it was VERY obvious that the flight of the orbs was hovering style and they were much brighter than the plane and much much more orange-red than anything Ive ever seen in the sky.
