{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-04 21:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468106","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/106/mufon-5468106.json","updb_database_id":5468106}
{jpg} Fireball like, pulsating basketball sized(from ground perspective) object just over treetops slow moving then blinked out into distance

I was driving alone on RT 13 south towards Chittenango Falls from downtown Chittenango between 940pm-10pm. A clear night on July 4th without any noticeable fireworks going off in the area for the duration of the drive(windows down, no music). I was looking into the night sky as I often do while driving or not. I noticed a circular fireball like object towards my left above the treetops in the vacinity of a house. Continued driving approximately 300ft and looking out the drivers side window. I've never seen anything like it in my life. I'm an avid sky watcher and familiar with stars, satellites, drones, planes etc... It struck my senses enough to turn around at the next opportunity. Approximately, 30seconds down the road. When I went back to the location I pulled over and got out of the car because the object was still visible. It almost looked like it was stationary but couldn't tell exactly if it had moved. I exited the vehicle with my phone in hand and took a video. This was a 2 lane dark back road and I was partially in the road while videoing. Took the video for approximately 1minute and saw a car coming in the distance so I had to stop. My hands were moving a good amount as I videod because of my checking for cars. The object was not bouncing as the video shows. It was moving in a consistent path with a slight directional change at times. As the object moved further South away from me with a consistent red/orange/yellow glowing it seemed like it was gaining in elevation. After a few minutes, the object looked as if it blinked or faded out of sight. 

Feelings: excitement, awe, very attentive and curious. I've never seen anything like it. Certainly not a plane. Planes don't take that flight path here. Too low to be a star and in motion. Satellites I've seen do not look like a ball of fire or travel that low in altitude. Chinese lantern, it was slightly windy out and I felt like the course would have been much more erratic than this was. 
Also, my subsequent sightings of the same object(s) in days and months after led me to believe it's nothing of the above mentioned. I do not know what it was but I believe I have a good idea of what it was not. 

I've had 4 additional sightings after this. All videoed. 
July 5th 10:09pm 
July 16th 9:50pm
July 18th 10:00pm
December 21st 11:25-11:35pm. 
All in a similar vacinity. Sighing 5-20miles of each other. 
The last one, directly over my house. 

All sightings gave me the feeling I was the only one witnessing. As vehicles were driving by and nobody else was noticing as I was videoing a fireball object in the sky. The last one over my house made this feel personal.
