{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-04 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522504","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/504/mufon-5522504.json","updb_database_id":5522504}
If I had known to record this It would be undoubtable proof considering I know nothing about recording or hoaxing. its been 10 months-mind stretching-answerless-very confusing-

I submitted this once already a few weeks after event took place. I have decided to submit it again with the possiblity of video eveidence from a near by public location with 24/7 survaielance which I have not been brave enough to ask for footage. They prob would not release it to me anyway. On January 4th 2011 which I believe was a tuesday night, my uncle and I were driving from his home in Lititz to Mollys gas station in manheim for a casual drive for coffee and cigarettes. It was app. 8:20pm. It was me that noticed the orb first pulsating peach in color very high straight ahead as we reached about the trailer park between the 2 towns. I was driving and chuckling I said" look its a ufo!" Lancaster airport is only about 10 or less miles back toward lititz. So I see lights and planes and helicopters daily. At first it was strange but could have passed as a plane with its lights right at us. We watched it closely and after heading around bend at Doe Run Elementary School by the pond this object fell from the sky. We thought it was actually crashing but it did not. While at this point it is only a few 100 feet away the lights are very bright! We were in disbelief because this object stopped falling right above school building hovered for a second, spun or maybe lights were just spinning horizontally then diagonally very super fast! Then the object took off like spinning was charging it for its extreme take off or something! It shot like a meteor but did not go straight. It slithered like a snake in the night sky but first made another sharp turn. I think it was blueish in color when it took off. It was completely silent. At that point when it took off I stepped on the gas obviously I wasnt going to catch up but I had to try! The time we got to the light passed the school which is only 200 yds, this thing slithered past the west side of manheim right over town and prob by 283 alraedy out of our range of sight. It was a very clear night. I don't understand how we were the only ones who saw or reported this. Their was a car back behind us but who knows if they were too old to notice it or what. My uncle and I don't talk about it too much any lately because the conversation always leads to silence or deep thought. To be honest this did effect me in some negative ways, but maybe thats because they just wont tell us the truth. I was in shock for sure when I came home and told my wife. In fact I was in shock for a good week. If your own wife doesnt believe you who do you tell? It still worries me but I am much more clear minded and sane:) I just wish I could see it again...and again. My uncle believes it may have been something of biblical, so I don't push the subject, but we both know it wasnt of our publically known technology.  11/22/11
