{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528504","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/504/mufon-5528504.json","updb_database_id":5528504}
something that I never saw beforetoo large too weird too much sparkle, too fast and disappeared

I am finally telling my story which I believe happened in 1985 give or take a year. My small dog was very sick, on his last day on earth. I came home from work to let him out at lunch time. Carried him outside, and being tired I propped myself against the basement stair railing. Watched the dog and then looked up in the sky and saw this huge (very large) craft in the sky, lower sky. I put my head down to check the dog and then it occured to me what I saw. Un-believable it was it was so large, sparkled so much around the middle that I never have seen that sparkle since even though I look for it, yes still do. The craft was low. Then all of a sudden I saw it start to disappear from my left to right, just like someone put a veil to cover it, it disappeared just like that. I never heard any noise, nothing. I picked up my dog, thought to myself what I saw and living in a small town here in PA. decided not to say anything. However, in about a half hour I did telephone the local radio station and without giving my name asked them if anyone called about a strange craft in the sky. NO was the answer and I hung up, then telephoned the Lancaster airport (small) and was told a man did telephone about a strange craft, I hung up before giving my name. Told my husband and a few people.

Then we lived in Arizona for a about eight years. One night about ten-ish
before going to bed I decided to have a smoke on the deck. I sat down and looked out to the sky (not high in the sky) and saw these lights. Even though we lived near Luke Airforce base I never heard a noise. I watched these lights and again never thinking of a UFO, I watched them. If it was a UFO it was large, almost as large as the one I saw in Akron. Next morning in the newspaper there was an article on the lights. 

Yes, I believe there are UFO's, if not our government is lying to us on their air craft. I know what I saw, and am not one to make up things, do not need the attention one gets from making up things. I shall never forget what I saw either in Akron. PA or Surprise, Arizona. I am now 76 years old and my neighbor wanted me to report this to you. Took me about six or so months before doing so.

thank you,
