{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529504","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/504/mufon-5529504.json","updb_database_id":5529504}
2 motionless, luminous objects near Jupiter, faded out to nothing

The levels of irony here are tearing me apart. I am a physicist and amateur astronomer also well versed with aircraft. I had just finished teaching a lecture on rocket science and the early history of NASA for my science class. I was supposed to bring my telescope to show the class Jupiter and the moon, but forgot... this precise time is when I would have had the telescope setup and trained in that direction. I walked out of the building to the rear parking lot to go to my car. I looked up at Jupiter and the full moon and saw two other bright objects near Jupiter and immediately knew something was potentially odd. These two objects were not moving and were almost as bright as Jupiter, clearly brighter than any visible stars from my view. The farthest one to the right was as far away from Jupiter as Jupiter was from the moon. The other one was about two moon widths away from Jupiter. A total of about 2-3 moon widths was between the two bright objects. There was also a small Cessna-like prop aircraft nearby in the sky as an excellent reference, its flashing wing lights (blue and red) were clearly visible, along with its silhouette. The buzz of the prop engine was also clearly audible. I watched these two luminous objects for about 20 seconds and thought they might be two airplanes headed right at me with their landing lights on, but they were not moving and the lights were not growing in intensity. Due to their relative closeness to Jupiter I had a perfect reference point to observe any motion and there was none. They did not blink or waver. I began to walk down the steps to the parking lot and they simultaneously began to fade out. If it had been aircraft that began banking, the lights on the front of the wings would have become obvious, as would blinking wing lights and tail lights. These were not visible. It took about 6 seconds for these two objects to dim to the point I could not see them, fading to an almost orangish looking ember. It gave the appearance of some bright spotlight that had been turned off and had a brief residual glow. I am near Maxwell Air Force base there and they do fly F-16's from this base. However, there was no noise which would have been clearly audible given how close they would have to be for their landing lights to be so bright. They dimmed in near perfect unison and may have begun drifting in apparent position (I was still slowly walking down the steps at this point so this may have been an illusion from my motion aka parallax or they actually were moving away). 

The only rational explanation I can come up with would be that two F-16's were afterburning directly away from me with wing and tail-lights out and both cut-out their engines at the same time. This is still highly unlikely as I should have distinctly heard a sound.
