{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287504","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115872","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/504/mufon-5287504.json","updb_database_id":5287504}
Object first thought to be Comet or Meteor approached

Christmas night approx 2013 @ around 1 am 
A group of us had gathered for a christmas party at a friends house.
while we were outside seeing people off I noticed what appeared to be a comet or meteor out over the ocean. It had a tail that seemed to burn blue but in slow motion. as an amateur astronomer is thing just looked wrong. it didn't seem to move across the sky like a meteor should. I summoned all present and we proceeded to watch this object for a few minutes. after a short time the object turn inland and started in our general direction. As it did this the tail began to disappear and only a glowing light remained. At this point we are all saying it must be a helicopter or something deploying flairs ( hickam AFB is not far from the location)  the object continues to head in our direction now seeming to come straight at us.  At this point I start to feel nervous, almost like this thing KNOWS we are aware of it. Like an instinctual primal fear comes over me, meanwhile the object continues to get closer.  after maybe 2 minutes the object is now directly over the area we are standing, maybe 500-1000 feet above us.  Its a bright white light and emits no noise. Convinced that this is not a helicopter I run back inside to grab my phone to photograph it. No sooner had I reached the house and gotten my phone does my friend who is still outside exclaim " its gone"  apparently it just blinked out.

most notable were the tail that burned like blue fire in slow motion, and the fact that even tho this was a truly spooky and remarkable experience none of the witnesses remembered the even until almost 8 years later.  I was having a conversation with another friend who lives off island years later when the topic shifted to UFOS ( something we discuss from time to time) when the memories just kind of came back. I called the guy who's house we were at and he confirmed that Yes indeed it did happen and he also only remembered it because I brought it up. Had I not checked with him I probably would have discounted it as a dream.  

Im not sure what we saw that night. But it wasn't a drone, and it wasn't a Helicopter.
