{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-13 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503504","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55434","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/504/mufon-5503504.json","updb_database_id":5503504}
{cak} Rapidly descending bright red pulsing orb,

Was on back deck of home facing looking west. Thought I was seeing a very large, red meteor falling rapidly from upper atmosphere on slight angle to SW skies over Hwy 101. Went from tiny to huge w/i 6 seconds. It APPEARED to be "crashing" over Hwy 101. By the time it was directly over the tree line it was distinctly a very large (no relative measurement), very bright red, round orb; pulsing with rhythm. It appeared like a solid red glowing 'marble'. As I said, I thought it was crashing because of the speed it was 'falling'. No evidence of a crash though.

I have reported blinks and stuff before so was reluctant to report, fearing Ill be seen as a nut.
My primary emotion was extreme excitement and excruciating frustration because I didn't know what it was and it didn't reappear. It disappeared behind the trees separating me from Hwy 101 & I waited but it not reappear, nor did I glimpse it thru the trees which I would anticipate had it been a craft landing at the Mason Co airport.

I found it hard to return inside the house. When I returned in, the cable TV was tiling. It is continuing to experience interference but subsiding.

Like many I imagine, I have to say my husband is a pilot, I grew up around McChord Fort Lewis military base and seatac airport. I've also seen meteors (some dramatic) and many satellites. There is also an airport north of Shelton so had to think about that. The pulsing I saw was unlike any navigational lights I am used to seeing on flying crafts.

This was bigger and brighter than anything I have ever seen in the sky. The round orb shape was VERY round and ENTIRELY bright, BRIGHT RED. Pulsing VERY BRIGHTLY. 

(It is now 9:30 pm and the cable tv is no longer tiling).

I immediately called my husband who was not here, hoping perhaps he was on hwy 101 returning home and perhaps saw it too. He didn't. 

I am reporting in case someone else saw it and reported it too. I understand the importance of triangulation.
