{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-03 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511504","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3126,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/504/mufon-5511504.json","updb_database_id":5511504}
(GS) Wife & cousin saw 3 orange lights approaching.Got me and another cousin. Witnesed lights come up to us, hovered over 2 triangles.Shown maglight on ship looked charcoal coloer in beam. Rest of ship remained dark. Sped off one after other very fast.

My wife and I was at my cousins house in Elk Creek Kentucky. It was July 3,2011. Warm, beautiful night. The next door neighbor was shooting fireworks off. My wife and cousin went on the front porch to water flowers in hanging baskets. I stayed in the house with my other cousin. My wife opened the door and told us to come outside because they were seeing lights in the sky. I went out and saw three orange lights in the east. They were a fair distance at first. We went off the porch to the front yard. The left and right lights started approaching. The center light stayed. The neighbor was shooting off fireworks as they approached. The left ship had got ahead of the right one. It stopped and waited for it to catch up. They then continued approaching side by side with a little distance between them. This happened in a mountain valley. It was a very trapped feeling. We don't see a lot of sky. I knew they were getting close, but I was to amazed to be scared at the time. They came all the way up to us,hovering very low. It was very plain to see they were black triangles with a yellowish/white light in each corner. They just sat there. I was waiting for something to happen. This was the most intense, unbelievable feeling. I was ready for battle and had a feeling of peace. Very disturbing yet excited. My cousin had one of those huge,long maglights. She shined the light on it. The light beam made the surface turn into a metallic charcoal color. Like a greyish Metal flake. It was amazing because these ships were pitch black. With one on my left, and one on the right and they just sat there. I was starting to fear the maglight was a bad idea. I was looking at the left ship, it lifted straight up, but not very far. Sat and then zipped away instantly. The light trail made it an obvious southwest direction. One on the right sat another 15 seconds did the same as the first but northwest direction. No missing time. One of the cousins who witnessed this died in a freak accident on vacation 15 days later. My father soon after. There were a lot of family deaths afterword. I wondered if it was connected. I have seen these ships on many shows. Exact matches. But we did not see the red light in the center. These were not gigantic. Lost track of the third, just gone.
