{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-18 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525487","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30267","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/487/mufon-5525487.json","updb_database_id":5525487}
Was taking pictures of the sun when flying saucer appears into view

I was taking pictures in my back yard of the Sun. It was 5:30 PM so I was taking pictures toward the West. While I was taking pictures of the sun, I noticed a small object to my left, that was flying around erratically, very unlike an airplane. It also moved very quickly. Darting about this way and that. Even though I first spotted the object to my left, it seemed that the object was moving more or less in the vicinity of the sun. I didn't think that I would be able to capture a picture of it since it was moving around so fast, but decided to continue taking pictures in the general direction of the area in which the object was moving, which was the vicinity of the sun. I don't have any kind of fast-picture taking ability with this camera and was not optimistic that I would actually be able to capture the object, however, after downloading my pictures I noticed that the object does appear in one of the pictures that I took. Looking at the object in the picture, zooming in a little on it, I can see that very distinctive, almost clich1d saucer shape, the same shape that I recognized when I saw the object in real time. I again, did not think it was airplane. I also didn't think it was a bird not only because of its very distinctive saucer shape, but it also appears to be metallic and it was moving around in a very erratic and very high rate of speed. While I was observing the craft, I could also make out that the craft was rotating (I believe counter-clockwise) and I don't know if its my imagination but I think the rotation can actually be discerned from the photograph. Maybe it only seems that way to me since I actually saw the craft rotating in real time. I wish I had had my camera set to a higher resolution. The picture was taken with an Olympus FE 14 mega-pixel Camera. It was set to auto shutter-speed and auto aperture. I didn't have the camera set on 14 mega-pixels, but approximately 8 mega pixels, so that I could use the fine zoom on the camera which is an optical zoom only and does not use a digital zoom. This produces less artifacts in the photograph, which suited my purpose for taking photographs of the sun. At the time that I observed the object I was quite excited, since it appeared to be a flying saucer, it was quite exciting. I only hoped I would be able to get a picture of it, which I wasn't too optimistic. I lost sight of the object after about two minutes when it went zipping away, at a very high rate of speed. I tried to attach the picture and it said it was infected with a virus. That's impossible. I went right from my camera on to my computer. I used photo editor to crop the photo, and will try again to attach the photo.
