{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-05-08 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504487","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/487/mufon-5504487.json","updb_database_id":5504487}
{nd} Event happened March of 1994 after a missle test, was reported on the news as well

The point of my report is to find out more information if any about an event I witnessed through a video tape and partially personally. This event happened in May of 1994, and the reason I know this is A: There was a missile test out of Edwards AFB, and B: I happened to be watching The Stand by Stephen King a mini series on TV that night and was recording it (VHS back then). I got up to look outside at the missile trail, which was green in color. This was observed looking North west on Balboa Island in Newport Beach. I thought nothing of it beyond that and kept watching my show. There was however a news spot during a commercial break with Marc Brown news anchor saying, what were those strange lights in the sky? news at 11. When 11 o'clock rolled around there was no report with pictures, only a statement that a missile test happened. When I saw the lights on the news image and the cloud formation from my recording, I began to think a little more of it. 

Well I ended up hanging out at a friends house on the balboa peninsula one night about a week later and we were discussing the green cloud and he proceeded to tell me how he recorded the event and it was not just a missile test. HE showed me the video and it freaked me out, so much so I got shingles, (yes the old persons chicken pox). It was my senior year in high school and it affected me big time. I know what I witnessed and it looked to me like an honest to god portal or vortex was being created by hovering objects. The guy I knew, "J", video tapped this incident very well and I wish I had a copy to provide, or my The Stand video with the news report. But back to the incident. What I observed on the video were round bright white objects hovering and moving slowly projecting red lasers beams into a cloud that looked to be a green and white plasma of sorts, it seemed to have a splotchy look at the outer fringes of the cloud. Within the cloud there were several bright white lights above a red light. The cloud swirled down into the red light (object). My conclusion at the time as I watched dumbfounded was that it was either a dimensional portal being opened, or a time travel experiment. The entire area of this event was the Los Angeles Basin, it was HUGE. I cannot believe I see nothing about it no matter how hard I search.

I know this all sounds crazy but really, I just want to see if anyone else ever reported this incident and if there are any other recordings out there of it. It has been an itch in the back of my mind for 20 years now, I am 37. I have experienced other events personally, while fleeting, of seeing a ufo at extremely high speeds when I was around 7 with my mother jumping in a z formation in the sky, and also at about 27 yrs observing around the 4th of July in Costa Mesa a silver Orb, quite large, along with a few friends. I have no doubts about what I have seen, I just want to know more as we all do. I hope I can get a response with a link to an archive you may have on the incident or any other info about it you can give would be great.
