{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-24 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492487","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67049","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/487/mufon-5492487.json","updb_database_id":5492487}
{rjl} UFO was hovering, switch directions, and briefly gave chase

My two daughters and I were swimming at my aunt and uncles house in Sperry, OK. It was close to 9:00pm, still having some daylight but starting to get dark. I told the girls it was time to get out and go to their grandma's house. My youngest daughter gets out of the pool, away from the shrubbery, looks up and says, "What is that?" She's young, a little paranoid sometimes, so with me still being in the pool and whatever she was looking at out of my view I dismissed her concern and said that it was probably an airplane. Even more so setting my mind at ease is the fact that there are quite a few wealthy people in the area so its not uncommon to see someone flying an older plane, something she may not recognize. My aunt and uncle had already went inside for the evening, but the girls noticed her grandson left his shoes out by the pool and that my aunt had left her drink outside too. They started knocking on the door to the house because it for some reason was already locked, but no answer. I was still by the pool getting dried off, but thought it was rather strange that no one could hear them knocking and calling for them. Once dried enough to leave, I decided to go help the girls try to get my aunt's and/or uncle's attention. I walked over to the clearing by the door and started knocking and calling for my aunt, but no one answered. They had only went in a couple of minutes before we were getting out of the pool, they couldn't be asleep. I got a rather uneasy feeling, and for whatever reason my daughters question as to what was in the sky came front of mind. I looked up and saw two lights coming from a stationary object, the object itself was disc shaped and dark. I repeated my daughter's question back to both of my girls, "What is that?" At this point I felt like we were being watched and I wanted to leave. I told the girls to put the cup and the shoes they were trying to take inside on the table outside and that we needed to go. I walked back over towards the pool to grab our bag of towels, and when I walked back over to the clearing I felt compelled to look again. So I did, it was much closer than it was before, still just hovering. I noticed that the object was completely silent as well, and for some reason related it somehow to my aunt and uncle not being able to hear us. The girls looked back up in the sky before walking to the car, and also noticed how much closer the object was with its lights seeming to be pointing in our direction and they started becoming frantic. We got to the car and started to drive off, but to our surprise, when we got to the end of the driveway, the object was just above the trees across from the driveway almost as if it knew where we were going and was there waiting on us. It was so close at this point that my heart just sank, it was within 100 feet. To me that confirmed my suspicion that it was somehow after us. In my mind, I felt panicked. Seeing this object on the other side of the street meant that this object switched paths from heading south to facing the north without anyone seeing, hearing, noticing. I mean it's a pretty rural area, but it made me feel even more alone in trying to protect my children from whatever this thing is stalking us, but making its presence known. We turned East onto the rural road and it followed to the right of us. I lost sight of it as I was focusing on driving and trying to hightail it out of there, but the girls could see it. Everyone is panicked now. The youngest was in the backseat and I heard her start crying and then praying. I gave the older of the two my cell phone and told her to call her step dad, he answered, but the call dropped. I turned some Christian music on and started praying with the girls. It either left at that point, or else we just could no longer see it, either way was fine with me as showing itself out in the open seemed pretty confident and aggressive. If its hiding now at least the agression has somewhat simmered down, if its just gone then thank goodness even more so. We got to my parents house and I felt one of the biggest reliefs of my life. Although, I barely slept in the night and noticed every single noise. Strangely, about 10 years ago something very similar happened close to the same area. I would say probably within a 5 to 10 mile parameter. It was July 4th 2005 to be exact, evening time I believe. My ex husband and I were driving, taking the back roads. I believe we were actually on a road just two blocks south of the one from the June 24th incident, just a few miles east. We were driving, and when we came into a clearing, we saw a low flying object just hovering. We both noticed it, and then it silently started moving towards us. He started speeding, and I just kept looking at it. I gave it a glare with the thought in my head, whatever I have to do to protect my kids, I'll do it. Our oldest two were in the backseat and I was pregnant at the time. I don't know if it had anything to do with my thought of no holds barred, but at that it simply started moving away from us.
