{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-24 00:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454487","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107131","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/487/mufon-5454487.json","updb_database_id":5454487}
{rjl} Round pulsating fuzzy edge light with holes in the middle. Looked a little like the ires of an eye.

On the early morning of 03-24-2020 just after midnight I was getting cabin fever from being inside all day. I was up late and went outside to sit in the fresh air. I was looking at the stars for around 30 minutes from my front porch. I stood up and stretched to walk inside and as I looked up almost directly over my head I saw a light that was in the shape of a figure eight coming from over my house from the east. It looked like two eye irises. I thought for a split second it was a reflection in my glasses. As it moved my head around the object continued on a slow path from the east over my house westward. As it moved it went from bright to dim like it was flashing slowly. but it was not getting very bright. It was yellow and orange in color with black holes in the center. I am not sure if they were holes or if it was just a dark center. It was clear as crisp with the outer edges a little fuzzy. When it was dim it was almost invisible. It turned to the North and it slowly faded out as it went north. I was unsure what I saw so I wrote it down as soon as I walked inside. On the evening of March 24, 2020 I decided to research the internet and see if I could find a drawing from past witnesses. I went on the MUFON web page after failing to find any pictures or drawings on the web. On MUFON’s web site I found a video of an object that looked almost identical to what I saw but the video only showed a single round object. I looked at the drawing I made and I now feel that what I saw were two separate objects flying right next to each other like they were linked. The video I found on MUFON was case # 107089 out of Elizabeth CO. from just a couple days before. Because there is now an additional sighting in a short period of time I will try to get out and look up with my camera. Sorry my sketches and hand writing is so bad. I wanted to write it all down fast so I would not forget.
