{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-12 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491487","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68078","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4121,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/487/mufon-5491487.json","updb_database_id":5491487}
{cak} Observed multiple lights above ridgeline. Most white. Some movement, some times, side to side. Colors changed. Then huge white flash at 4am. Sudden with some duration to smaller size.

I viewed this event in two brief moments over the stated timeline. Both while standing in front of my home, facing north, 8-10 miles away from El Mirage dry lake bed and looking over and behind the lake bed at the tops of the Shadow Mountains. The lights were at the very top,spread out left to right what for me was only and inch or so was maybe a mile or more at that distance and height. From my perspective, if the width of all appeared to be just an inch then their individual, round size would be 3/16" average diameters. It's common to see lights on the slopes from camper, their OHV's and campfires but, those are smaller, more pinpoint, typically solitary or paired, spread out over great width from the various campsites and never, on top. Simply non-accessible rocky terrain hundreds of feet up a steep slope, without trails. And having lived here for 18 years at this home I've never seen lights on top, ever. 

So the first sighting was around 2am when I took the dog out. I noticed the lights immediately. Even a bit groggy and confused I knew there were too many, in a straight line and too high up the slope. Over the next few minutes I observed 3 to at max 8 or 9 lights glowing larger than normal with mostly clean white light. Some faded out, others appeared. A couple never moved while the others gently moved horizontally. Sometimes moving a little and stopping and staying. Other times moving off and returning. From my great distance all changes seemed gentle and smooth - without purpose. Their size all about the same until I noticed some faint blues. No more than two,somewhat smaller, maybe behind the others. The same for a single reddish/orange, to the right or the blues with empty space and a white or two in between. That's the only times I observed any depth to the scene. 

At 4am I had to leave and I woke my friend about 3:45 and again took the dog out. I was surprised to see them still there. I rushed my friend to come see and he agreed - different/out of place. We were talking and observing for about a minute and suddenly the single white light farthest west exploded brilliantly in size. Instantly 5 or 6 times in diameter, just as bright with pure white light. Huge, in inch in observable height to me but several hundred feet there. Over the next few seconds it shrank a bit and faded out. When that happened 1/3 of its diameter was below and in front of the ridge line. Watched a couple minutes more but no more flashes and had to leave. My last two thoughts as we left... Are there others on the opposite slope above Shadow Mountain Village? And, the colored ones remind me a little of Marfa, TX.

Last night, my friend had gone home and again around 2am I took the dog out a couple of times before the dawn. Neither man or beast saw anything out of the norm. No lights on the ridge. I'm sure the dog will be happy to go out again so I'll keep looking. That flash was bigger than any light I've ever seen. I decided to report this observation via MUFON after having found no mention of anyone else observing thru popular social media, news media and Sheriff/Fire logs. That's how I ended up writing this, I checked MUFON logs (first time on their site) to see if someone else had observed and reported. No luck and so since my dog can't wright it fell on me. Is there anybody out there?
