{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-14 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495487","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/487/mufon-5495487.json","updb_database_id":5495487}
{nd} Way too many to say here.

Viewed many human like people and numerous craft of many different sizes. Some of the occupants came into our house but they were more curious than anything. I kept hearing people in our cellar and went to investigate. When I did, to my surprise, there were males, females, children, older male and female counterparts which I assumed are parents of the male and females of the Groups. I observed them outside in the back yard which goes into a field. Those people seemed to rise up and down our pine trees in our yard. In order to board the big crafts, they would rise up the pine tree which was 50 or more feet in size, like as if they were wearing and anti gravity device. In order to get into our home, they seemed to have some way of physically manipulating our windows locks and to raise up the windows without handling them. They seemed to be friendly but were cautious about revealing themselves to me. It took time for that to happen and when it did I met an unusual looking male occupant. When they spoke they talked at a very low level, now if I remember their lips weren't moving.

I have been talking with a man from MUFON in Manchester, CT by the name of STEVE, but I don't remember his last name and lost his number and contact info when my computer crashed. I need to get a hold of him and he needs to gather all this information. I CANNOT TYPE ALL OF IT, and there are problems with the aliens. They seem to think I had not looked after one of the children who died according to one of the grieving aliens. Its a LONG STORY and MUFON needs to gather this information before the come and get me!!! I'M FAIRLY ALARMED AT THE PROSPECT. I WILL EXPLAIN ALL WHEN MUFON CONTACT ME...PLEASE HURRY...I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG I HAVE...THIS IS ALL TRUE TO BEST OF KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE WITH THEM. 

I could not get any photos as they would come and go quickly, and besides the camera on my phone would drive them away...
