{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-25 15:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94013","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3285,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/673/mufon-5466673.json","updb_database_id":5466673}
{jpg} Video taping/sun/clouds seen fact object go by reviewed iPad seen incredibly fast object go by up in the sky

Recording the sun and clouds in the afternoon while sun tanning on deck when some thing flew overhead and made me focus and and then gone, so after 20 minutes of recording I decided to go inside and review the recording on my iPad Air. Realizing that I was now looking for and object that went by at incredible speed and by shear luck after sectioning off 30 seconds at a time reviewing and removing not deleting for hours and hours ... then I found it ... I have seen many ufos from 1 incredibly massive 1 to a huge blue violet white orb ship fly right out into space and gone .. but this object I got on tape and how its the fastest thing in atmosphere I could ever imagine flying ... the tape was 20 minutes long and the object goes by in .42 seconds and roughly by my estimate on distance size and time traveled 3+ miles. That equaled roughly over 16k mph ... I got up to 13 different still shots and few where it1s just gone ... and reappears .. defiantly edges round discolored field around it unity in design and colors and conformed shape , absolutely no noise but made me look. Under super slow motion my device glitches out before it appears for .7 second and blinks out then reveres inverted and jumps goes back to recording .. this did it on numerous programs like windows media/VLC/apple quicktime etc. when it happened I was relaxed focusing and I felt instantly as though something was thrown overhead but gone. But felt kinda obsessed to know what it was ... unlike a dragonfly or a wasp or humming bird or finches those are quick and I1ve seen and filmed all the animals in my region as well as diving birds and hawks .. this was different ... solid and fast ... like after it happened I was charged to know what it was ? Enjoy the video don1t blink ... or it1s gone .. review as slow as you can it1s at the 52.27 mark behind the tree directly west and goes by into the sky toward south by the time it reaches 53. Seconds ... it was flying way above the low flying jets coming out of SeaTac airport about 3 miles away and a little bit lower altitude of to white commercial jest that spray chemical trails that are polluting toxins in the air for harp/science and we get some fighter jets like blue angels and military jets heading to the many coastal military bases in puget sound area... all those are slow ... enjoy.
