{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-01 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/673/mufon-5518673.json","updb_database_id":5518673}
my back yard, May1,2012, was communicated to me where they would come, two tears ago. didnt know when until minutes before. i was ready for this contact

I was in my back yard filming the moon, getting ready for the largest moon of the year, which was still a few days away. It was May 1, 2012 and I first just noticed a flicker near the moon that only lasted a moment. I was sure they were out and about that night and near my house. My thoughts beckoned them a little closer but not too close and I got two separate videos. I could hear it coming, it sounded like a jet, that is flying at a high altitude, but far away, the sound seemed strange,(There is always a lot of air traffic over my house and I am very familiar with various common aircraft, by sight and sound). It came steadily over the treetops toward my back yard and stopped just for a moment over a large tree near the woods behind my house. It was the very spot I had envisioned the triangle craft would show itself to me. //I had an encounter a few years ago a hundred miles away, with a huge triangle craft, which seemed to follow the path I was taking home from work,(over 30 min drive).\\ This one was not even close in size but was very fast and speed away at a quick pace as my camera got a lock on it. It seemed to have multiple sets of lights, each in triangle formations. It speed off, over the treetops in the same direction it was headed in and seemed to amplify its color significantly, glowing like fire. Several minutes later as I was still filming, I noticed blinking lights, in a triangle formation. It was over my house, behind me, reflecting on my vehicle. My Dog was acting very jumpy at first and then very calm and docile. I have to admit, I only try to draw good things to me, positive things but I was very nervous. My heart was racing and I was a little afraid. I want to believe the triangle light- beings are some of the good ones. As we all know with all things(like people), there are good and bad.
