{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-08 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2302,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/673/mufon-5509673.json","updb_database_id":5509673}
(GS) sighted object above me, no sound, heading east, then noticed airliner about to pass over object, object disappeared

I was pulling into my mother drive way, it was dark and the stars were very bright that night. In Denver the nights are never as bright as they are in Denver so I always like to look up and see the stars while in Lamar.
As I drove the car into the drive way, I shut off the car and got out. The first thing I did was look up at all the stars, Right off I noticed a very bright light slowly heading east toward the horizon, It was odd cause I didn't see any blinking lights that a plane would have, I heard no noise at all. I was mesmerized by the object cause it was silent and heading very fast toward the east. Then I also noticed a Air liner approaching from the NE at a very high altitude, I new it was a plane cause I could see the blinking lights in it. I noticed that the airlines was about to pass right over the bright object and as I was looking at the object, it just disappeared. Like it turned off the light. The object had to be less than a mile about me, cause the plane was at least 25,000 ft and the plane was barely visible, yet the object appeared close and well underneath the airliner. I could hear the engines of the plane at that height, and yet I heard nothing from the object. 
The object was life sailing in the sky, smooth, silent and in a straight line
going very fast. I was in the US Navy and have seen fighters, helicopters and blimps. This object was neither of them. After the object disappeared I continued to watch the sky, even after the airliner was out of sight, the object never illuminated again.
It was the st strangest thing I have ever saw.........
