{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-12-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3452,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/673/mufon-5485673.json","updb_database_id":5485673}
{rjl} I had a close encounter of the third kind in the presence of two other individuals. There was missing time. Unusual behavior by friends. Possible abduction. The light. So white. So bright. Yet you could look at it. Like lasers but rays of light.

We as a group were moved to travel 20 miles to a remote location familiar to each of us. Why we went there. Why we went out of the way of our original destination. I feel like we were led there. As we parked on a remote road to enjoy some beer and good bud. We saw it. A bright object hovering over a house in the distance. Occupants of the house yelling at it. It begins to move. I notice another similar object. We are being "scanned". I can feel it. As both crafts move behind us we realize. This is unusual. No sound. Low speed bright changing in intensity. Light. Like the sun. But smaller. We start the van. Missing time. Next thing I remember we are traveling down a road a mile away from original location. We are being followed. Guided. There were 4-5 objects at different distances. The light. As it passed thru the trees created a laser effect. Broad fields of light with great intensity. As we are led out of the area. The object comes closer. 35 ft away. 35 feet up. Size of two vans. A half sphere. As me and my friend observed. Windows began to open like there were layers to the craft. Like eye lids kind of. As the outer layer moved it revealed windows. One at a time. The fourth window revealed a head. Like greys. It looked at us. They were so close. It was so real. We witnessed the same thing. In disbelief we searched for reason. Helicopter? No noise. The face. At that moment another craft appeared on the horizon. Many lights I said. Oh crap. It's the mother ship. It was an airplane. 737. Southwest. As it flew over. I remember thinking. The noise. We could here it long before it passed over head. But these other objects. No noise. At all. Complete silence not even a hum. We left the area in a state of shock. Rationalizing what we had seen. They were looking for something out there. When I told my mother. She stated. Maybe they were looking for something. How did she know what I was thinking. She went on to say. Maybe they are looking for something here that we have in great abundance that to them is sacred. Then it dawned on me. Crystals. There are many limestone caves that produce enormous crystals some the size of small cars. Having done some research I know now the significance. Quartz crystal. It takes centuries to produce. It requires curtain elements and ideal environments to produce. I had a close encounter of the third kind. I feel strongly that one of my friends was abducted. Her behavior. The fear. She crawled under the bench seat in my friends work van. In her good clothes. She crawled under the seat and would not come out til we got a safe distance away.
