{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-18 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/673/mufon-5517673.json","updb_database_id":5517673}
chakras contact with ufos

Hello
	My name is Lauris and I'm 27 years old. I am from Riga, Latvia. I would like to share with you my unique experience with aliens which occurred on February, 2012. It all started when I was 6 years old. I saw a UFO at the height of trees. It was completely black, moving object, who flied over me without making any sound. There were many paranormal activities in my neighborhood. I don't know why, but every time when I remember that ship.I have tears in my eyes, and I feel that there is some kind of contact left. In the year 2012, I accidentally found out about Ukrainian professor Albert Ignatenko who works in the field of cosmoeniopsychology and by using his technique with the ball, I surprisingly managed to connect to a unique intergalactic channel through one of the chakras (possibly the third eye). In short it was like in Albert's video when he taught how to activate programs in your own body by using golden pink ball with mounted fiery triangle that has 10 flowers in the middle of it. By using this technique I wished to open a channel with that galaxy, star, planet, civilization from the place where I saw the UFO. I told that I wish to open a channel in the third eye. A moment later, with great surprise, I started to observe the fire which pulled out a hole in my forehead, and later unexplained ride began (like in the American roller coasters) until I reached the destination. Telepathically I started to observe many objects, like similar things to drill, saw, needle. I could move and operate every object by using only my mind. The thing I remember the best is the machine with the needle with which I operated ineptly and in result stitched my head and neck. Believe it or not but it is all happening at the cellular level and all information flowed through chakras, including the small chakras in palms. I also saw many creatures similar to fish, turkey with glasses, and so on. At first I ineptly operated by myself, but then I, as it turned out, could telepathically contact an operator. When I contacted an operator, she helped me to do everything that I wanted. She carried out different activities with prana and also created many small bodies. During full body scan, she offered many problem solutions like straightening my back, scar removal, sight correction, and so on. The thing I remember the best is, when she made a new larynx for me, by using completely nothing. She made it in 5 minutes. And because my eleventh chakra was blocked I asked her to make a new one. She asks me from where I come? I answer, planet Earth. She asks me where it is? I think, and respond: The Milky Way galaxy, Solar System, planet Earth and name the continents: America, Europe, Asia, Australia. Operator thought for about 5 seconds and said - Yes, we know. In the first day I started to experiment with different codes that I have seen as graphic pictures and by looking at them they installed in my body. I have installed in me some kind of incomprehensible codes and began to act like an animal. I could do 100 pushups, my pace completely changed, and it felt like I have a tail. By looking at the wall, I telepathically began to see two creatures. One was a big werewolf but the other looked like an eyeball with hands and legs. In the same day I made a request that I want to meet and after a moment, in front of my eyes, appeared a question mark and a creature that looked like a human. I understood that they will fly back to me. Believe it or not, but at the same night I went out and I saw a big UFO who was sparkling like an airplane, but instead of moving it stood still. When I went home a smaller object passed by me, and I understood, that it wants me to come with him. I didn't do it because it was dark and cold outside. One day later in front of my room1s window I saw and object that landed over the trees and that looked like a shining crystal. She stood on top of the opposite building and waited for me. Unfortunately I lost the signal but still something left. I knew that they were still waiting for me. Unfortunately I did not manage to meet aliens because of the many reasons that prevented me from meeting them. If you do not believe in me, I am ready to be checked with a lie detector.I am looking for some help to reopen signal. Thank you, respectfully, Lauris. 

Things you could do with this chakra connection (personal experience) 
Renew any organ and create a new one (They created a new larynx for me in just 5 minutes)
Renew all internal organs. 
To correct bone defects, like crooked back.
Dispose of excess weight
To correct vision defects
Transcode the brain and nervous system
Activate and install codes
Visual Telepathically communicate with extraterrestrial civilizations
