{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-01 21:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68905","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/673/mufon-5490673.json","updb_database_id":5490673}
{nd} large collection of amber lights about 1-2 miles away. Traveling same speed and direction, covering approx. 4-5 miles Eastbound on a moonlit night.

A friend and I exited her backyard through a gate in her block fence. as we exited the gate facing South we immediately noticed a large number of amber lights in the sky South of us. i pulled out my phone, an iPhone 6, and tried to capture video as we walked quickly down a 400 yard alley Southbound. the lights were traveling in the same direction and didn't appear to change their position relative to each other as they moved East. I witnessed the famous phoenix lights in the late nineties and again in spring 2001, and these lights were the same color and seemed to be about the same altitude. This altitude i would guess is somewhere in the range of 800-1200 feet. they seem to be the same color as the amber colored lights that light freeways, but moving through the sky. as we watched and I kept trying to film them, they moved east and seemed to decrease in number, although i could not see any single light actually blink out. there was a bright moon in the eastern sky and some high thin clouds, and a slight breeze was blowing. as I watched they kept moving downrange toward the east until I could not see them anymore. i have combed the internet for any news and even called tempe police to ask if they had received any calls about the lights the preceding evening, but the dispatcher i spoke to, a female, said that she had been on shift the night before between 9 and 10 o'clock and had heard nothing about them. while filming i said out loud that since they were flying right over Tempe, they would probably be all over the news and youTube. I called my 18 year old daughter and asked her if she had seen the lights a few minutes later. She stated via text that she had been driving and saw them, and had immediately thought of the movie Darkest Hour, which was strange because the same thing had run through my mind. When i asked her how many lights she had seen she said...i don't know. like a hundred or something. i will include my video file but it is in my opinion a very poor record of what happened. i am sending it in the hopes that it can be enhanced somehow.
