{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-05-10 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523097","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32889","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3293,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/097/mufon-5523097.json","updb_database_id":5523097}
i don1t speak english very well, but i want talk with about my expirience.

I came dryving and observing the sky, when suddenly, i saw a very fast movement of stars that had seemed to join it to one another greater and to disappear in the Sky. 
After a time I was very fearful, therefore when coming back of the School, always late of the night, it felt that it had something in the Sky, and the direction that I looked at by an gray flying disco. I do not know the one that distance, but its format was well visible. A time to the house way, had a collision of cars.I stopped and I thought, "they are there on observing". It was interesting well because I took the head out the car it are of the car to observe well and there it was, on the top of the collided cars.
But, most fearful it was when coming back certain day toward house, come of one supper, for a different way. I came for a street that gave almost in front of the building that it liveed and what I saw was impressive. I was not satisfied myself with the size of the disco, was very low e was almost of the size of the building. I thought "my God it to catch it goes me, it helps, it helps my God". I was going in direction to asking me to the building if nobody was seeing that one in the Sky, but the street was empty and falls a fine drizzle. When arriving it had that to capsize the right to park the car in a house to the side of the building, and in front of house it had a full bar of young men talking of the side of inside, everything very visible because the two doors of iron always were total open, there I thought, as they are not seeing, is enormous. I started to pray of head low so that they did not catch me, but was with a little more than courage for the open bar. I opened the gate, I kept the car, open the door of the building to the side where he liveed and I entered despaired asking if my brother already had fond of the School, and my parents had said that yes and because of so desperation. 
It said that it had an enormous disco on of the building. We leave all in the yard but we did not see nothing. I was made an impression because in the Sky it had stars? We leave in the street, the bar already was closed and nobody saw more nothing. The difficulty in having an experience thus is that never we forget, and currently with as much programming on the subject, I was thinking will be that I was abduction? It had never thought about this possibility. During many years it tried not to think, to forget the subject, and in fact I forgot much thing. I do not remember if this was the last vision or if she was one of them intercalated in the others. Agrade1o muito a voc1s da Mufon que foram t1o atenciosos em responder
