{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487097","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/097/mufon-5487097.json","updb_database_id":5487097}
{cak} 15 objects in a triangle formation plus two objects on two of the sides

I was leaving my job at about 7:30pm to meet a friend at a bar off of Moorpark rd and thousand oaks blvd called the tipsy goat. I arrived and was there for about an hour and a half before my friend decided not to show up. I had then made plans to meet a friend across town the opposite direction to play pool at a local dive bar called pj's pub. I finally left the tipsy goat at approximately 9:00pm. I drove onto moorpark rd to head my way to the pj's pub on the way there I needed to get gas for my car ,which is old and the gage's don't work so I need to estimate my gas when to fill up.I knew it was about time to, but planned on getting gas after the pj's pub. On my way down moorpark rd I had my radio on listening to 95.5 KLOS radio station. All of a sudden my radio shuts off completely. It didn't phase me because then I thought my car was going to die which was unfortunate, but it happens sometimes when I'm short on gas, but surprisingly my car was still on and functioning which was unusual. At this time I noticed my oil gage was moving quickly and this threw me off because they don't work as far as my gages go for my car. I then decided to pull over to a convenient gas station off moorpark rd and janss rd to put in gas. Afterwards I carried onto moorpark rd to head to the pub. I was then coming up to the thousand oaks high school which has a football field and bright lights. I always notice these lights because they are bright and right off the main road moorpark. As I was driving up passing the high school the lights were on, but then I noticed a new set of lights BRIGHT". I took a double take because these lights were in the sky and there were about 15 objects hovering over between city of moorpark and thousand oaks. I then pulled my car in between the thousand oaks high school and recreation center. With my keys still in the ignition I jumped out of my car and ran onto the grass of the park next to the recreation center to take a good look at what I was witnessing. These lights were very large and they were in a formation of a triangle with two more objects on two of the sides of this formation. It was unbelievable, I looked around for other witnesses, but no one but me. Dogs were barking and going crazy around the neighbor hood. I was so freaked I called my father and told him to come quick and witness what I was seeing he then was on his way with my uncle from out of town. Mind you when I had called my dad I told him i was completely sober and hadn't had any drinks. He knew I was telling the truth by the way I spoke because I was freaking out. As he was on his way I noticed a plane flying closer to the formation of objects in the sky. This plane was moving more faster then a normal plane, I can only assume this was a jet. As it got close enough each of the 15 objects starting to dim off their lights and there were the only two objects remaining that were on the sides of this formation, these two objects starting moving towards the city of moorpark. When my father arrived I explained what I just witnessed and we decided to drive toward the direction the 2 objects were moving to. At this time he nor my uncle were able to witness the remaining objects, which is why we drove towards the direction they moved toward. We then were passed the intersection of moorpark rd and olson rd and pulled over into a neighbor hood to see if we can see anything in the sky, but they were gone. After our talk my father and uncle headed back home. But then I noticed something else in the sky something completely different, this object was a lot lower in elevation and was red and not stable. My dad called me and noticed the same object on his way back home, It looked like it had a flame in it and was wavy" it ascended higher into the atmosphere or which then looked like it burnt out". My dad understood that this was completely different from the objects I had witnessed, which were higher in elevation and extremely larger in size plus the brightness of light coming off each object. He then just went home and I stayed to do some more investigating. I then noticed another object ascending into the sky very low in elevation same as what my dad and I had witnessed red and flame inside which was odd. As i drove around the neighbor hoods close to these events I came across these 2 bags on the street . I pulled over and picked one up and it was a bag people would use to light a candle or torch to float this into the sky for events or celebrations. I was very confused, and disturbed because the first objects i had seen were HUGE and high as a plane in elevation and were stable in a perfect formation and had total control of them selves. Today I have this bag of proof of somebody trying to throw witnesses off from the real things out there. From this day forward I know what I saw and it wasnt a bag with some torch in it.Something turned off my radio in my car and I just know the feeling when something isn't normal.

thank you
