{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-07 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453097","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/097/mufon-5453097.json","updb_database_id":5453097}
2 Illuminated UFOs estimated to have been near Camp David, Maryland (in Nov 2016)

Shortly after sunset on the day before the 2016 presidential election, when there was still the afterglow/twilight from the sunset, I saw 2 constant "lights" hovering just above the trees in the distance, near where the Sun had just set. About 5 minutes after I saw the 2 hovering "lights", 4 fighter jets began to fly toward the area from 4 different directions in the sky. When 1 of the 4 jets got close enough to the hovering "lights", the "lights" descended below the top of the trees. But as soon as the jets passed through and continued out of the area, the "lights" were suddenly back in their original hovering positions. Shortly after that, 1 of the 2 "lights" simply wasn't there anymore, but the other "light" remained until the sky was nearly dark, at which point that remaining "light" went "off", but then I could see that the light had been illuminating the entire craft! It was then that I realized that I was NOT seeing a normal aircraft, for all normal aircraft turn their lights ON when the sky grows dark! However, it was then that I could see the relative size of the "darkened" craft compared to the size of the fighter jets. 

During the event, the jets were far enough away from my perspective that I could only clearly see the vapor trails as they flew - the jets themselves seemed like the relative size of a period made on paper by a pencil. HOWEVER, the "darkened" craft (from my perspective as I fully extended my arm in front of me) was the relative size of my pinky nail! Also, from my perspective, I was able to gauge the relative speed of the 4 jets in comparison to the "darkened" craft before all crafts flew out of the area. Whereas the jets took about 5 minutes to reach the area of the hovering "lights", and 5 minutes more to leave that area, the "darkened" craft flew away MUCH faster, leaving the area (and out of my view) within 5-10 seconds! For the brief time it had gone into "dark mode", its general appearance reminded me of a gray rock, NOT having a perfect oval shape. As it flew away, it blended into the night sky. The entire event took approximately 20-minutes from the time I first began watching it. 

One of my friends and I later estimated that the 2 hovering "lights" were likely in the region of Camp David near Thurmont, Maryland (or Site R which is near there, but that is closer to Fairfield Pennsylvania), based on the direction I was looking and the relative size of the fighter jets from my perspective. To this day, I have not seen or heard anyone else report the same event.
