{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-07-12 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547097","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9627,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/097/mufon-5547097.json","updb_database_id":5547097}
Hovering Shiny and Bright UFO hovers over mountain at camp columbus seen by about 7 girls

I went to Camp Columbus near Waterton National Park in Alberta Canada when I was about 14 - 15 years old. I remember one day sitting out side the camp in the field with a few girls in a circle. I can recall there were about 5 of us sitting together talking about the normal things girls talk about at that age, namely boys, school, sports and how we were liking camp. At the end of the field there was 2 or 3 girls we were not friends with at the camp that were also hanging out talking. As we talked I noticed one of the girls sort of getting distracted in the conversation and she was looking past the girl directly across from her up at the mountain...but we kept on talking and her eyes seemed mezmorized. Finally she seemed to get a bit nervous but not scared and was intrigued and we all kind of wondered what was wrong with her. Then she said "Hey guys what do you think that is?" and pointing in the direction of the mountain in front of her. There was a river in front of the mountain and it stood a long ways up from where we were sitting, the camp cabin was slightly to the right of where we were sitting. When I looked up I saw nothing for a second just the mountain but then sure enough looking back to see if we were in the direction of her finger, this thing came up from behind the mountain and it was this very large shiny but some how not blinding. It looked the color and had the metallic shine of mercury and was in the shape of a perfect sphere and was much bigger then a plane or helicopter, I would guesstimate it was 4-5 times the size of a helicopter. It looked as though it was very made of a very strong yet light and quick material so not like metal. We were all shocked but for some reason we were not scared. I think we were all in shock and one of the girls joked and said something about " Don't worry its just a flying metal spoon". It did look a lot like this it was like if you took a metal spoon and turned it up side down and glued it to another right side up, the only difference was that it appeared seemless, like a smooth line in the center as though it was completely fabricated from one piece of material and it cast a shadow sometimes over the mountain but then would quickly disappear behind the mountain as well but only for a few seconds before reappearing. Oh and it was completely silent.

We laughed and one of the girls started to finish the story she was telling before the girl interrupted about this phenomenon...sounds crazy but it honestly seemed like it controlled our brains because I can't believe I reacted that way when I think about it, it was that or so shocking our brains couldn't seem to process what we were seeing. So as this girl started talking about 1 minute in the girl said again "K seriously you guys what is that". It was hovering up and down in great heights in a matter of split seconds, and then sometimes slower, it appeared to me almost as though it was attempting to land on the mountain or spying on us. We starred at it for a minute and then I said   " You guys we have got to get everyone and show them this or they aren't going to believe this". I then looked around and realized there were the other girls we weren't friends with at the end of the field... I could see them looking in the same direction. I yelled to them " Hey are you girls looking at that thing too?" They yelled back "Yah, What is that?" I said "I have no idea, its definetly not a plane". They agreed and said " What should we do?" I started getting frantic because I could not believe what I was seeing and I knew no one was going to believe us but felt relieved these girls we weren't friends with were seeing it to, because these girls were the smart, goodie goodies of the camp and would never make something like this up but I could see the counsellors not believing me because I was kind of a trouble maker in that I liked having fun and goofing around. My best friend at the time of this was in the cabin helping get dinner ready with the counsellors because she had sprained her ankle the day before so she could barely walk and didn't want to walk out to sit with us. All the girls kept watching it and then saying " Omg what should we do?" I said we have to get everyone out here to see this, .All the girls were getting a little scared and nervous at this point and so I told them to stay together and I would go get everyone cause I was a fast runner. I ran to the camp which was maybe a 30 second run about 1/3 of a total block away so not too far. I ran in the kitchen frantic yelling for everyone to get outside...my friend was sitting down and I told her to get up and tried to pick her up and told her she needed to come see this there was a UFO or something outside. Once the counsellors all learned what I was trying to say they tried to dismiss me, all but 1, I said no no you have to come see this, trust me I would not make this up, there are about 10 of us that saw it and they are all out there watching it. They were taking their time so I left them and ran back out, the girls said it was still there and the counsellors and other girls from camp were quick to follow. They came out and said " K what is going on, where?". All of us girls said "Right there" and at the same time pointed. At the moment I started to point at it, it went behind the mountain almost looking as though it disappeared into thin air. We were all shocked but expected it to come back up as it had so we waited, but nothing it was gone. We all swore that it would come back but it didn't. I hoped the counsellors and my friend especially had seen it but they said they saw nothing and instead all but my friend and one counsellor started accusing me of lying and making things up. Then the other girls who it was known we were not friends with came up and defended me saying " No its the truth we saw it to, swear to god, we saw a UFO" They askedif we had pics and then we realized most of us had cameras sitting right in our laps or in our pockets but it was like I was completely unaware of it when I saw the object, again something I would not normally do, so I think this was due to shock or some kind of control over us that not one of us thought to take a picture. Of course most of the girls that didn't see it wanted to know all the details so we told them. Then some cried as they were scared they were going to be abducted, others were excited it definitely sparked the flame in the camp. The head counsellor pulled me aside and told me she was thinking of sending me home because I had caused all this trouble and fabricated this big lie that now had all these girls scared to sleep. I swore to her I was not lying and that there was more than me that saw it and even girls we weren't friends with that never in their life would tell a lie. She told me she didn't know what to believe but to stop talking about it or I would be sent home. I shut up after that and even though I was a little nervous and unsure of what I saw I didn't want to get sent home so I shut up and tried to calm the girls. The next afternoon around 2 pm we were split into groups and I am sure that all of us that claimed to have seen the UFO the day before were forced to stay back at camp while the others went kayaking on the river below the mountain. Everything was quiet for a few minutes and all of a sudden all these girls and grown adult counsellors came running full tilt into the cabins yelling...we asked what all the chaos was about and the girls started yelling they saw the UFO too. The counsellor that had threatened to send me home came up and said it was true they saw them to and apologized for not believing me, they described seeing the same thing as us above the mountain and by the river but about 7 of them and they sounded smaller then the one we had seen. We weren't sure if they were joking or not with us, in a way making fun of us but everyone seemed truely frightened and genuine. I cannot remember if my friend went but I don't think she did, i do think that one or two of the girls that saw it the day before did see it though because I can recall someone saying they were similar but much smaller then the one we saw.

To this day I can't grasp what I saw, it appeared to be of material I have never seen, in a shape and size I have never seen, at a speed I have never ever seen again to this day. I know for a fact I saw it and unfortunately I never kept in touch with the other girls that saw it, but I often think it would be neat to meet with them and discuss what it was we saw then as young teens now as adults. I am sure I have this written somewhere in a diary and it may provide more info then I can recall. I never didn't not believe but I never did believe either before I saw what I saw that summer day, but I know that I definetly saw something there and am wondering if anyone else has seen something similar there too.
