{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494097","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65391","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/097/mufon-5494097.json","updb_database_id":5494097}
{cak} there are two groups here, collecting energy that will be wasted, as the Devils Graveyards Triangles, made with aluminum alloy, built into the Earth, acting as a brake system are putting here brakes on. I communicate with one daily. .

there are two groups here, one group is alligator type. the group I communicate with are human like wearing an astronaunt?power ranger typ suit...white by day, black by night. they are collecting energy which will be wasted when Earth puts her brakes on, which she is starting to do due to the Devils Gravesyards Triangles, built into the Earth, made with aliminum alloy, which she is doing now. I am a 6 mth lone investigater of their hoome bases. after being exposed, I can hear when they are near and see them, foggy, cloud silouette up close, and clear from afar. they hide behind treelines and cloudlines. I have developed an eye for their abduction sites. I feel I was shown this, as God is alsi here and very REAK, to be able to help prevent abductions, to help lead people around them, or to help learn more about them. they are far far more advabced than us. I communicate daily with one being, the leader, of the other group, they can take forms in animals and the crafts can take forms of other buildings. they mostly do fields and cow pastures. i have a lengthly story . they get here thru prisms, dimensions, shapes, solar and lunar energy, mind power, water, electricity, and a form of very advanced magnifying glass. You have to be smart enough to understand the scientific part of it, such as time travel is possible, to believe the unoproven, other life, and also, the religious part of it, God is not a ghostly, imaniginary being..He is very real. A being living somewhere else who can offer eternal life thru solar energy. please get in contact with me. I have tons of information that can be very helpful...I can communicate, as they are still here, I think they will be here til at least Jult. I have been given upcoming dates. maybe things can be ptrvented. I have some very mindblowing info that is too personal to mention here. i am very serious, no drugs, no drinking, for real. true to the bone. please contact me. the one I communicate with has entered my home.
