{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474097","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86244","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/097/mufon-5474097.json","updb_database_id":5474097}
{rjl} Large bright light in the sky, followed by a non commercial military type plane

My friend and I were driving on Highway 70 from Cleveland back to Indiana after a roller derby tournament. I looked up and saw a bright ball of light in the sky. It was the brightest object in the sky. We discussed what it could be. It was much too large and close to be a star. It was about the size, color, and shape of an oncoming headlight. However the area that were were driving in was very flat and this object was very much in the sky.
It just looked like a ball of light. It did not look like a plane at all.

At first it was stationary. We didn't think much about it. Then, coming into view at our left a plane came into view. It was obvious that this was not a commercial plane. It looked like a small military type plane. It was dark-colored. The ball of light then started to match the pace of the plane.It seemed like the plane was chasing the ball of light. Both moved in a stationary line. From our left to our right, then out of view over some trees. As the plane and object moved to the right, it was at an angle where it was coming closer to us and lower in the sky. That is where I got a good look at the plane. I could tell that it was smaller and darker than a commercial plane.

The photos are of course terrible. They were taken using an iPhone 7 by my friend in the passenger seat as we were driving down the highway.

The light at the top left is the plane, the one at the bottom right is the ball of light. What is strange is that in the photo, the ball of light, kind of looks like what we saw, it was just a bright ball of light. The plane very much looked like a plane in real life, but when photographed, just looks like a ball of light.

To establish some credibility, both my friend and I hold advanced degrees and do not engage in illegal drugs.
