{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493194","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/194/mufon-5493194.json","updb_database_id":5493194}
{nd} have been watching them since 1995, want to see what i see?

been watching these lights since 1995, every clear night I am out there watching them. if its winter I do not watch them. only nice clear nights, some of the things above need to allow you to check several boxes. like direction they came from.
I have been trying to get someone to come and investigate these lights for many years now.so far no one has shown any interest at all. 

1995 was my first sighting was in a small town called goree texas. my brother and I was out sitting on the tailgate of his truck we both noticed these lights about the same time.. looked like two stars one behind the other. no blinking lights. we watched them for a couple of minutes then they disappeared,poof gone. we both looked at each other in awww. so a week or 2 later I was outside just after the sun went down stars were just starting to come out. I noticed another light like the ones we saw earlier. so I stood outside for a couple of hours and seen well over 20 of these lights. some are in out atmosphere and some look as though they are way out in space. most you will see from the north to south and vise versa, the most ever seen coming from the east is 3, most of the time it's just 2 but every now and then I see 3. you never ever see them come from the east. most are going very slow, lights get bright and dim this may happen all the way across the sky from n-s-s-n once in a while I see one doing a very high rate of speed. one I seen had to be doing 4-5k miles an hour. crossed the entire sky in about 3 minutes or less. 
the most I have ever seen is 36 in one night. some night they are very few. usually 10-20. you will only see them from about dusk just after the stars start coming out until (last night was 11:16) was the last one. then weeee hours of the morning about 1hr 45 minutes to 2 hours before daylight. after 11 or so you do not see them any more until the weee hrs of the morning. I have seen a few sit stationary in one spot a light blinks every 32-3 minutes. the lowest one I have seen might have been 500 feet in the air give or take. it was on the forth of july and it was NOT a fire work.
I have shown these lights to a few friends. they to are unsure what they are. 
I see it this way, if I see say 30 or so in the sky over my area just how many are around the entire globe. THEY ARE HERE!! 
if anyone other than mufon want to see these I can show you how to spot them, if you do not know what you are looking for you will just say oh that's a plane, WRONG!!!
i'm not allowed to give my contact info on here or I would . I want the world to know they are out there what ever they are!!
YOU JUST HAVE TO COME AND LET ME SHOW YOU MUFON!!!! SERIOUSLY!!!
