{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-10 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549194","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4554,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/194/mufon-5549194.json","updb_database_id":5549194}
Brown rectangular large object hovering and flying with a white ball-shaped object suspended in front of the rectangle. Un-aerodynamic object, tried to follow but it flew off too fast.

My fiancee and I were driving along the beach on East Cliff Drive in Santa Cruz (Pleasure Point) southbound. Very clear sunny day; the same day that flights were grounded because of the terrorist interception at Heathrow Airport. I saw the object and stared at it hovering in the sky. It was so strange because it was a very peculiar shape; not at all the type of thing that you would expect to fly, let alone hover in place. Also the craft/object had a white ball-shaped object that was suspended about 20 yards directly in front of the rectangle. It appeared as if it were part of the object (due to the way it stayed exactly the same distance in front of the rectangle, no matter how fast it moved or changed direction, yet there was no visible physical connection between the 2 objects).

I asked my fiancee to look at the UFO with me while we drove. I opened my passenger side window and got my torso out of the car and pointed, trying to get others to look at it as well. We neglected to pull over so we could get closer to it and figure out what the hell it was. It was so out of the ordinary. It moved similar to the way a helicopter would move, yet there were no blades or vaportrails, or visible propulsion on the UFO. In terms of distance it was approximately 1/2 mile away from us, up in the air (hard to tell how high, but definitely low, the way a recreational single engine plane would cruise the coast). It hovered for a minute or two, then took off towards San Jose (east). It was traveling at a deceptively high speed, to the point where we could not keep it in sight as we attempted to follow it from the ground. The object looked like the same size as a B-52 bomber-type, but again had no wings of any type, and really just looked like a huge flying cardboard box, with shelves all over it and the strange white ball in front of it. 

I have never seen anything like that in my life. Both my fiancee and I have near-perfect vision, and were of perfect state of mind before seeing the object. What makes this whole event so strange was that as we were speeding through Capitola trying to keep the object in sight (we lost it very quick after it took off), I looked up to my right and saw the weirdest thing: a low-flying pitch black helicopter that neither of us could even hear, flying fast towards where the UFO was hovering above the coast. The helicopter was close enough to see that it had absolutely no markings or lights, or anything identifiable. It was definitely military looking, almost like an attack helicopter, but it hardly made any noise. 

This event made me very upset, because it was almost as if everybody were oblivious to what was going on in the sky. If I hadn't have looked where I looked when I did, I wouldn't even have seen the helicopter, but I caught it perfectly. It was clearly moving very fast towards where the UFO had been, but almost as if it didn't know that the UFO had taken off less than a minute before. I got pretty worked up, and again upset, because clearly nobody around us, pedestrian or otherwise, even looked up or noticed what was going on. I honestly don't know why anyone who had seen it didn't drop everything and stare at the sky.

When we arrived at our office, which was in the same direction as the object, I ran in and called the Watsonville Airport. I talked to somebody at the airport who told me they had seen nothing strange and knew nothing of what I was speaking about. I called the newspaper, I called the news, and they all said I was the only person to call it in!

I have always believed that there is intelligent life in the universe, but this is the only time I have ever seen anything. I even tried to call Moffet Field, the FAA, etc., but I had no luck getting any answers.
