{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507194","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51519","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/194/mufon-5507194.json","updb_database_id":5507194}
{nd} 2 bluish lights coming straight, then spiraling up and down several times

I am a scientist. MD with a specialty. I had never seen anyhting like this beforr! I was in my lanai which faces east talking on the phone, when I noticed 2 lights far in the distance which initially looked like 2 planes going to Tampa airport, but caught my attention because they seemed too close to each other. Being a logical person, I decided they were probably at different altitudes and distances from me, so they probably were not really close to each other. Nevertheless these lights seemed to be the same size, white/bluish in color, with no blinking or change whatsoever in the characteristics of the lights as they came closer to me, except of course they were growing bigger. Far in the distance towards the NE there was a plane flying, and I could clearly see smaller, blinking lights. The 2 bluish lights came to a point approx. 3 to 6 miles from where I was, and all of a sudden started circling each other. Thats when I realized they were really close to each other! Again, I thought "maybe theyre helicopters". But I didn't see a beam of light... and the lights never changed even though they were circling each other... so the light was not on the front of the craft, it was all around it! Then they started spiraling up and down while still going around each other, until they got lost behind the tree line, even though I could still see the lights intermitently through the branches. They went back up (and down) flying in the same pattern 3 more times, then they finally disappeared behind the tree line. I tried to record a video first with my cellphone, then with a video camera, but the lights were not that bright... just pleasantly bright, and in the middle of a pitch black sky my cameras were not able to find the lights!!! Im so sorry about it! The more I think about it the more I compare what I saw with anything that could seem logical or "earthly", but there is no human aircraft that could have had this kind of light or flight pattern.
