{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-03 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286194","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/194/mufon-5286194.json","updb_database_id":5286194}
I had a sighting first that looked like stars moving around sending smaller ones out. then one came a few yards away from me.

I live very remotely off of the grid in North River Washington. My house and property are located differently than my mailing address. I have been seeing what look like stars at a very high altitude that flash and spit put smaller light objects. these smaller star-like objects move in different paths. they will jump around like excited Adams. Then one will quickly descend from what looks like the upper atmosphere to within 20-50 ft from me. It has a steady prominent red light on what seems to be the front and a green light about a foot or two behind the red. It is about 3- 4ft and has no distinct shape. It moved across the sky from right to left at the top of the trees, then descended towards the ground just out of sight. I flashed my flashlight at it. at first, it seemed to slow from a jogging pace to walking, and then it turned or rotated a few degrees and flashed about 6-8 lights at me. The strobed lights were whitish blue-green. It made no noise and seemed like it was analyzing me. Shortly after it went out of sight. I could hear from its direction a howl or cry-like sound. it sounded like many different things (not coming from just one source). The noise was like a mix of a pack of coyotes and great owls. I grew up out in the country and have never heard anything like it before. It was very eerie. Another thing was my pets acted very strangely. They were all scared, shaking. my pit bull who normally is a fearless brick head wouldn't go outside for anything. Later on in the night I woke up and looked out my bedroom window at the sky and almost instantly saw the red light of whatever it was only traveling at a high altitude maybe 10-15,00 ft. and going from south to north. I also didn't mention that when they first came it was after practicing meditation of reverse remote viewing. They appeared after only a few minutes of doing this. I imagined the earth, then zoomed in to the northwest us, then grays harbor, property and house. When I first started to see these at the high altitude. I would see flashes of light in the field in front of my house then shortly after is when the first orblike set of lights showed up. they were across the field from me. Not long after seeing it go behind the trees is when it appeared outside of my bedroom window. My wife and I feel like we are being watched by something. It is a bit unnerving. Any advice on what this may be or what I should do in the future would be welcomed. another thing I forgot to mention was that we (my wife)saw an all black helicopter earlier in the day
