Case No. 1787 09062022

Date: January 29, 2015.

Approximate Time: 13:15 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: M. M. B., 35 years old.

Description: The informant reported having photographed what he considered an
anomaly in flight at 13:15 hours on January 29, 2015 from the Queulat National
Park, in the Aysén Region.

What was reported was described as a white, circular object, with no information
on its size.

The user added that there was little or no wind and that it was not very windy.
heat like to wear a t-shirt and shorts, without using a windbreaker. He did not see
nothing at the moment of taking the photograph and he only noticed the presence
it showed something abnormal when a third party reviewed the images.
He finalized his report testifying that (sic): “In January 2015, I made a trip
to Patagonia, specifically in the Aysén Region. I traveled through several
locations, one of them was the Queulat National Park, where I took several
photos in the sector. During the trip, I sent the photos to my father and he said...
He noticed an anomaly in one of them. When I captured the image, I didn't see
No rare things at the location, I only contemplated the beautiful landscape. Attached is the image.
with the anomaly, it looks like a drone, but I neither saw nor heard a drone and in that
The sightings were rare during that era, and I understand that using them is prohibited.
"parks"
Of all the photographs associated with the case, only one exists with any
flying object, as shown in the following Figure 1.
Figure 1. What is reported is marked with a red arrow.
The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 44° 28’ 02’’ South Latitude and 72° 32’ 39’’ West Longitude. (Figure 2)

Figure 2

The four images that supported the report were perused with computer programs, confirming they were not digitally altered. Examination of the information contained in their files confirmed they were captured using the main camera of a Samsung Galaxy S3 cell phone model.
Mini (GT-I8190L). The only shot in which the reported object appears was achieved
with the camera automatically set to the maximum aperture (F2.6) and a shutter
speed of 1/987 seconds.

Its focus was defined by a weighted average centered on the scene and was set to
infinity. This, coupled with the fact that the object was not perceived despite flying
in front of the user, led to the conclusion that it was small and passed close to the
camera. This led to the hypothesis of being faced with a biological stimulus, because
That the opinion of entomologists, who are external advisors to the SEFAA, was requested.

The specialists indicated that, according to their experiences, what was captured did not correspond to an insect, but rather to the deformed and blurred silhouette of a bird in flight.

Images: The case was studied with four photographs received in original files. Of these, the only one that showed the reported object is shown in Figure 1 above.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report and the results of the studies
Based on the geographic, forensic, photographic, and the determinations made by the specialized advisors consulted, it was concluded that what was photographed corresponds to a bird in flight. Due to the blurred and distorted silhouette, its species could not be definitively classified.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
