{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-26 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115342","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5288028.json","updb_database_id":5288028}
shimmery yellow/grey(silver?) oblong shape

We were recreationally viewing planes landing at sky harbor airport . The landing path was from an eastern approach, so we were mostly looking east .  However, at some point,  I gazed south toward South Mountain (the range south of the airport ) . 

I immediately noticed a fuzzy/shimmery somewhat oblong seeming orb or vessel that appeared to hover over or near the mountain, somewhat to the south west . It almost seemed like it was trying to “blend in “ to the sky but was slightly failing at camouflage. In some ways it looked like it was almost manifesting into this world. Hard to describe. Haven’t ever seen anything like it , despite spending occasional free time watching planes approach and land at the airport. 

I didn’t say anything about it (I think I was taken aback and in awe ) but after about 15 -30 seconds, looked down to find my phone to take a picture of it .  In the moment of looking down , my family member said “What is that !?! That was weird !”  I looked up to find the orb (or whatever it was) had disappeared.  My family member told me they saw “something “ briefly appear and travel east , but then abruptly disappear.  They had a difficult time describing what it looked like. 

They pointed to a spot in the horizon that was farther east than where I had seen it .

There were no clouds. It was a still, dry and warm day . There was some air pollution to the south and I sort of wondered if it was either trying to blend into the haze or the haze was just distorting its color and exact form.  To me , the object seemed much larger than a plane. When I saw it, it was completely unmoving as it appeared to hover or just “exist” briefly in the sky. 

I only found this website recently. I wish I had been able to report it last summer and to take a picture before it disappeared .
