{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-02 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5453028.json","updb_database_id":5453028}
Witnessed over a dozen lights follow the same path in the sky from north to south - one after another and disappeared at the same point in the sky

My family was outside on the deck talking. We are all spread out on the family deck out back of the home. It was a gorgeous night and stars could bee seen across all of the sky without any city lights distorting the sky. I had seen flashes across the sky coming from the east and moving to the west. Usually, when you see a shooting star, they leave a trail, but these flashes were bright flashes that disappeared almost as fast as they appeared.

I began watching the sky and we were talking about not having to see airplane contrails and how nothing was flyings in the air, except a medifilight helicopter that we saw. I was facing due north and saw a light moving very high in the sky-I'd say many miles above the earth. The light was star-like and did not move at a fast speed. It just moved slowly across the sky for many miles and when it reached a point that was about 10-11 o'clock high, the light disappeared. I looked back at the path that the light had traveled and saw another light traveling along the same flight path. It too disappeared when it reached the d=same point in the sky as the light before it, had disappeared.

I told the rest of my family, and all five of us begins watching yet another light travel the same flight path. Then we could see another behind it and even another behind that one. You could see 3 lights lined up to travel the same path. I pointed out to everyone that it was similar to what it looks like when jets are lining up to land at an airport at night.

We noticed that the sky, at the post where the lights disappeared, looked darker than the sky around it and that you could not see stars through the dense darkness. We asked if these lights could be some sort of craft landing on a bigger"mother" ship. 

IN all, we watched over a dozen lightsd/crafts follow the same flight path and all of the lights disappeared in the same spot-with that dark spot moving slightly. The lights adjusted the flight path to match the dark spot.

We then saw a bright flash move from the east to the west from the exact area, where the lights disappeared into the dark area. The flash was brilliant and crossed the sky very fast. The other four family members said that they had never seen anything like this. I had seen a similar incidence in a the same town and area 42 years prior. In that case, the lights flew a=t different angles and made zig zag movements that are physically impossible with our current public knowledge of air craft capability.

I did try to video the lights, but the lights were too faint to be seen in the video.
