{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-27 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5496028.json","updb_database_id":5496028}
{cak} 2 solid red sationary lights in the sky

I was on my way to work on the night of August 27, 2014 around 10:15Pm. I was having a conversation on the phone with a friend. I came to the stop sign on Parker street and Hampden Road. I was traveling in a southern direction toward Connecticut when I noticed through the trees south of the little cemetery on the corner 1 red light in the sky in a southeast direction from me. I didn't think anything of it at that point in time because the area has airplanes that fly to Bradley airport. I always have a curiosity when I see lights in the sky. I keep watching till I see it blink or it does something else. So with this being said I kept an eye on it. I told my friend on the phone that I saw a red light in the sky. As I drove down that road there is a clearing there. In the clearing sits a field to pick Strawberries at. I figured that would be a nice spot to get a good look at this red light and see it blink or something. I noticed another red light through the trees as I approached this said field. I told my friend at that point "No Way!" When I hit the field I witnessed directly to my east now just above the tree line 2 solid red lights just hovering there. I slowed to a stop. There was no other traffic at that time. I put the phone down and stuck my head out the window to see if I could hear any noise. I could not hear anything. I know it wasn't moving. I told my friend what I was seeing they were in aw. I started to drive and I got an idea to try and get a photo. I got one put not clear at all. But when I was stopped I had a great view of them. They were low in the sky and each light was maybe Baseball size. If you took a dollar bill and a folded over a 1/4th of it that was about the distance between the lights. It very well kind have a had 3 lights but I never saw one. In the Picture it looks like 2 smaller lights. Those are stars. I only got one red light.
