{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-21 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5516028.json","updb_database_id":5516028}
{nd} Two UFOs hovering side by side then the first one landed while the other stayed hovering in the air above the first.

1- I was at home so I went to bed around 10:30 P.M and I usually fall alseep listening to the television so I feel asleep for about thirty minutes then the television went off by itself. I thought it was weird at first so then I started hearing noises like a huming sound so I looked out my window but didn't see anything so I thought I was just hearing stuff so I went back to sleep. 

2- The first time I noticed anything was around 11:12 P.M. when my bedroom door opened and I could hear something walking beside me and standing beside me and of course I had my eyes closed so I didn't open them until I started hearing something in my mind saying, "Dont be affraid. We no harm.". So thats when I started to really freak out so I opened my eyes and I could barely see two dark figures, one standing beside me on my right and the second in front of me. So I closed my eyes hoping it was a dream but then things got very real. I could feel being lifted up and being brought out back where I could see a small oval shaped craft in my backyard and another triangle craft hovering right above it just few feet higher. 

3- I thought the object was an actual UFO the first time I saw it of course. It was oval in shape, had about ten windows on the front of it, the color of it was dark grey and the second craft [triangle craft] was black with small diamond shaped windows around it. 

4- Like I stated in the 3rd paragraph, the first object was oval in shape, ten windows on the front side and grey. The triangle UFO was complete black with tiny diamond windows around it. I thought it was weird that the oval craft landed and the triangle craft hovered right above it. 

5- My god, I could feel something for sure. I was like, terrified. On a scale of 1-10, 1 being not so scared and 10 being terrified, Id have to go with 15. Once I was aboard the oval craft the only thing on my mind was, "How was I going to get out. . or am I ever going to be released...". So once I was aboard the craft it seemed just calm, I was placed on a silver table while about three beings came by me looking at me then talking. As for me, I don't know alien language so I have no idea what they were saying. Then one of the aliens came next to me and showed me this blue light then I blacked out. So I guess I was out for about twenty minutes because I awoke on the table while one of the aliens took my hand and had me step off the table and walk around. I looked all around the craft and it was just walls and rooms and windows. Nothing very interesting but I did get released about ten minutes later. 

6- After being aboard the craft the suppose "leader" of the aliens, came beside me and showed me off the craft. I could hear him talking saying like, "Were sorry we terrified you. These are my students for a complete experiment. We will be back soon so do not panic.". So of course I didn't know what he meant when he said, we will be back soon so don't panic. So he showed me to the back door of my house and opened it while I stepped inside and looked back outside while the leader walked back inside the craft and took off in less then 15 seconds. Thats about it.

-Note- The first picture of my drawing is the picture of the two UFOs and the alien who took me aboard the craft. The second picture I found to be looking like the exact leader of the aliens who I saw.-
