{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-04 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111300","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5292028.json","updb_database_id":5292028}
Looked like tracer fire with no trail and bright white not yellow

Friday night 4th September I witnessed technology we do not know about. Whether it is alien or some new tech, it is out there. I saw it tonight at 20:05:30 to 20:06:10. This is how it unfolded. Playing Fortnight with my son the game called Creative; we were teaming against some other boys. Tina walks into the lounge and points out that the camera is showing a car in front of the farm entrance gate. We have had a few nasty situations recently and I have been trying to improve on the vision for the area to align with a more successful outcome than Tick abuse and theft. The Nature conservations sign had been vandalized and we built a new frame for it today and mounted it with tar poles .Built a really west coast type sign for them and put it at the entrance point created for a horse trail. Sometimes they will transport stolen goods from the farms in bakkies. I stop playing and put my boots on in such a rush I don’t tie my shoelaces. Unbuckle the clip on my knife and head towards the front gate. I arrive there moments later to find that it two chaps Nature conservation doing patrols. I greet them and ask if they had seen the repaired sign, and tell them that we were making them a little table and chairs out of stone on our servitude to give them a place to eat their lunch etc. etc. They tell me they have not seen it, and I offer to show them. I move towards the back of the bakkie and stand in front of the sign to show them. I look up and see above the sign in the distance there are white lights moving in a straight line. Like dead straight. They are not coming from the ground but appear to be cutting through the atmosphere appearing out of the sky and disappearing back into it a few stars further. Then I thought to myself, am I really seeing this, what the hell could that be. Then I realized it was bright lights flying through the air in a straight line and there were many of them. Little bright lights like a small led white lite. Very white very small and distant and about 50 to a hundred moved through my line of sight in the time I observed them, and they were shunting. It is possible to record an airplane coming from that side when it first appears just over the hill, and can only really pick it up with maximum zoom when it has travelled some time from that point. These lights were shunting, the little time it took to move that distance was insane. It was like really fast. A few days ago a military fighter jet flew past the farm, and that was fast, it was really cool, loved watching it. But this made that look like a sports car in a rocket race designed by Tesla’s finest. They were moving at ridiculous speeds. I knew I was watching something nobody sees and I shouted out to the rangers, can you see this, can you see this shit! They were still in the car, or at least the driver was , as I was on his side of the vehicle and could not see the other side as they have a tarpaulin canopy that is a little higher than my head. He is still in the car and puts the lights on, so I shout to him “no!, switch them off they are harder to see”, (I was standing right near them and they were a bit blinding. I think in hindsight they probably thought I was excited about the sign board or something, but to be fair nobody gets that bloody excited about a sign board.) Long story short, I was the only one that saw it. But see it I did, and there is hope. It does not resemble anything I have seen occur naturally as in Nature not much moves in straight lines, there is always some curve somewhere. These little white bright lights, that were a considerable distance in the sky, were moving in a straight line with somewhat irregular distances between them, but they moved at such a pace that it was hard to see such detail. Like white lines on a road will become closer together the faster you travel. I have caught the event on one of the farm security cameras, but it is hard to see as it is very grainy, but good enough to see me pointing out and asking them to switch the lights of. This was something I have never seen and I doubt will see again
