{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3093,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5460028.json","updb_database_id":5460028}
Three lights moving independent of each other at extreme speed, high altitude and making unimaginably quick directional changes.

I was camping with my family along with my wife’s parents and her brother’s family at Glennifer Lake/Dickson Dam (west of Innisfail, AB). A few of us were sitting around the camp fire socializing quite late one night. My brother in-law, my son and I decided to go for a walk down to the beach. We left the camp and walked through a flat open area and then through a bit of bush which led to the beach area. The very second we stepped onto the beach I noticed two bright lights at very high altitude (I would have guessed upper stratosphere) moving directly at each other. I have seen satellites before and for a second thought perhaps that is what I was seeing however they were much brighter and literally drew my attention almost straight up. Immediately I said “Wow look at that” and pointed up. The others looked up and at that second as the lights almost converged one of them did what appeared to be close to a 90 degree turn while the other continued a straight course. I was shocked. My son said “Look, there’s another one” and pointed off to the left where we saw another light moving straight along the first two lights paths. It began making an arcing turn that was very abrupt but not nearly as aggressive as the first turn observed. This light faded out quite quickly during the turn and then disappeared. We were unable to find either of the first two lights after that. The whole incident lasted maybe 10-12 seconds.

I’m not a trained observer however I have always been an aviation enthusiast and have a pretty good understanding of g-force, achievable speeds and the current turn capabilities of manned military and civilian aircraft. What I saw in terms of maneuvers is in my opinion utterly impossible for any publicly known aircraft to achieve, especially if piloted by a living person. 

This event caused several unique reactions. Both my son and I were intrigued and spent some time looking for more lights. My brother in-law however refused to look up again and said something like “I don’t care what’s up there, I’ve got enough to worry about down here” or something similar. He was visually upset in my opinion. Upon waking the next morning I looked across the trailer and saw my son laying there looking at me. I said “Did we see what I think we saw last night?”. He said something like “Yep, we sure did dad”.
