{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5506028.json","updb_database_id":5506028}
Bright moving star like object that brightened, faded, and reappeared numerous times, and would change direction, sometimes drastically.

It was July 14th 2013, I was walking back home after having dinner with my parents at their house and wanted to get back quickly so I could get online to talk to my girlfriend. I always walk the same route when going from my parents to home as it cuts across a lot of the town and makes for a quick walk home. Its also quite high up and there are clear areas along the route where you can see out across the town, the harbor and even the whole bay itself.
On this night it was a lovely crystal clear sky. In some places along my route there is very little lighting and in some cases no street lights at all leaving the road in complete darkness, allowing one a completely clear view of the sky and all the stars, something that is rarely achievable in the town with all the bright light.
Being a bit of an amateur astronomer since I was a kid I welcomed any chance I could get to see a brilliant clear sky with little light around and so took what chances I had to gaze up as I walked.
I reached another dark stretch of road and had a clear view to the South West across the whole bay, I stopped a moment to pull out my phone to select some music on the music player as I had been listening to some on my way back as was my usual routine. I noted the time was 2230 and had been walking about 10-15 minutes and put the phone away. It was at that moment that I looked up at the clear sky again in a Southern direction and noticed a single bright star. Even now I don't know why I looked up then or what made me notice it, but I did. I stared at it a moment and suddenly realized it was moving at a slow pace in a North West direction.
I immediately identified it wasnt an airplane and thought that maybe is was a satellite. Amazingly as this came to mind the object suddenly increased in brightness almost like it flared up with a white light, and just as quickly faded into nothing all while moving still.
I was astounded at first and thought that maybe it wasnt a satellite but maybe a meteor or slow moving shooting star and it had burned up, despite its white light.
A few moments of looking on it reappeared a small distance away from where it had vanished, only it was back to its original form and now moving up higher across the night sky and towards me, heading North East. It then got even more bizarre!
As I continued to watch it travel in a straight line, waiting to see if it would vanish again, it suddenly performed a strange a seemingly random, yet also impossible, maneuver in various directions before finishing at the exact point it had started the maneuver and continued along its North Eastern direction once more. The maneuver only took a split second and when it happened the light left a quickly dissipating trail behind it, like someone holding a single light in front of you in a blacked out room and moving about quickly in your eyesight, the path burned temporarily in your eyes. I could see still see the bizarre moment in my own eyes for a few seconds after.
As it continued heading North East it eventually came right overhead, suddenly brightened again, and faded into nothing. It was gone for a little while longer this time and thought it was gone for good.
It eventually reappeared a short distance away from where it vanished, but was no longer traveling in a straight line but in more of a curved path that gradually turned toward the North.
I pulled out my phone, turned off the music player as quick as I could and started the camera function. I tried a few times to snap some pictures and even started recording, desperately hoping I would catch something I could show to someone. As I would find out though the lack of light was no good for the camera phone and it captured nothing but black, and no enhancing on computer would fix that.
As it followed this path it brightened and faded two more times, the final time though it faded much more slowly as it began to vanish over the horizon.
As soon as it was over I checked my phone and noted it had been only five minutes. A sudden feeling of uneasiness and urgency came over me, I suddenly felt very uncomfortable and nervous and immediately made tracks straight back home as fast as I could. As much as I had been in awe and intrigued in what I had been watching I now just had the urgent feeling to get inside, I didn't like being outside no more and contently found myself looking at the sky like I was checking to see if it had come back or if anything else was up there.
I quickly brushed it out of my mind the next day, but when ever I think about it I just get this odd feeling I cant explain that chills me. I guess I would like to get to the bottom of it and see if there is an explanation for it or not.
