{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-01 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282028","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/028/mufon-5282028.json","updb_database_id":5282028}
3 Chevrons in Abbotsford May 1 2021 among 9 other sightings listed below. Number 8.

I am a bit hazy on the dates of the first few, but will do my best to narrow them down. 
I would gladly testify in any court that the items described below were seen with my own eyes as described and detailed to the best of my ability. 
 *All were in Abbotsford BC Canada.

Sighting number 1, was that of a round very pale greenish cloud that traveled north to south across a clear sky approximately 10:30 pm. 
About a quarter at arms length. Summer of 96 or 97. We were standing on the East side of Gladwin Road at Ag-Rec Park. I said nothing to the friends that I was with, 
as it was kind of a shock to my system and I was standing 
several feet from them at the time. I didn't want to take my eyes off it and describing what I had seen seemed like a bad idea somehow. 

Number 2,.. The same cloud/smoke-ring guy again. I'm pretty sure that it was heading west but unsure of the time and date other than not long after the first. 1996 or 1997.
Other than it also being at night. It was a cloudy evening and I noticed that it was more visible between but disappeared into or over the clouds. 
No tails or sound on any of the items that I am about to describe by the way. A couple of photos of cloud guy have shown up online recently and are unusual enough for me to 
recognize in a lineup of any number. Like a smoke ring with bits of cloud inside, traveling in straight lines and out of sight in 5 to 7 seconds. 
No lights, no tail or trail. High in altitude by my estimation and about a quarter at arms length in size. 

Number 3 was midsummer.. (I think 1997) in the back yard with my wife on a warm evening around 11pm. Oak Ave. She said "what the F#%@ is that?" 
At around 45 degrees up to the west heading over us to the east, was a flat looking mass of light that made no sound and had no tail, with a fuzzy yellow-orange 
color with a more reddish-orange interior taking up about half the total area of the thing. Was considerably larger than a beach-ball at arms length. Huge or 
very low. My eyes were wide open and did not have to squint. A very soft fuzzy light. Couldn't tell if there was a ship attached to this light. I didn't 
notice if the yard was lit up as I didn't want to take my eyes off it. I held onto the rail up the stairs, so that I could look straight up and turn without losing 
my balance while keeping my eyes on it, but was also a little freaked out and half expected to get sucked up into it, burned by fireball of some kind, or squished by a crashing plane engine, 
It continued at the same slow and steady speed and went out of sight. Seemed like a very low altitude and was surprised not to hear about it in the news the next day. 
My wife remembers the event time direction and approximate date as well as I do, but does NOT remember any color, the speed or size. I have no explanation 
for this, as we were both looking at the same thing and were about 4 feet apart from each other at the time. 
In my opinion it's most glaring or outstanding qualities. Lasted about 5 seconds.

Number 4 was on a clear, warm, summer afternoon ('97, '98 or '99 ??) around 1pm. I was with 2 friends on a short local hike to a lookout spot of Mckee Peak in 
Abbotsford. I spotted in my binoculars a chrome rugby ball shaped object pinned in the sky over the Harrison/Agassiz area. No lights or windows. It did not move 
at all, for what I remember as about 20 to 30 seconds. When I then looked for a couple of seconds at my friends to say, "Get the "F" up here and look at this thing". 
When I looked back, it was gone. *I had the end of a branch in my binoculars view also, so was able to determine that there was zero movement.  
It was rounder on the ends than a rugby ball but still the closest thing I would use to describe the shape. Reflecting the mountains and valley with the very top blending into the blue sky. 
Very warbly from the rising heat and would estimate it as around twice as large as a football stadium. Big.

Number 5 was on a clear evening but can't remember the date other than close to or in 2017. Victoria Street. To the south about 45 degrees up, was a warbling reddish 
brown cloud that I couldn't make sense of, or quite focus my eyes on. About a quarter at arms length in size. I watched it for about 15 seconds when 5 to 7 items came 
shooting out of the center of it and looked to be racing to the north. Like very bright satellites. They moved slightly side to side but none passed any other. 
Very fast (3 or 4 seconds to travel over my house and out of sight). I've seen Starlink and this was not that. As bright as Venus, no trails left behind and all moved together as a 
group but also independently of each other. Looked like a race. 

Number 6 was around 10pm between November 16th to 25th. 2018 on McKenzie Road. A medium to dark grey boomerang went overhead to the west disappearing in about 3 seconds into the low clouds. 
I could only see the leading edge and some bottom presumably due to our towns light pollution. No fuselage, no sound or lights and about 
5-6 inches at arms length was visible. Couldn't see the ends or trailing edge but looked like an upside down hang-glider/boomerang.
 
Number 7 was on the night of the huge full moon in march of last year (2021) also on McKenzie Road. I saw a well lit pair of cloud guys traveling overhead side by 
side north or north by north west. At a seemingly lower altitude than the other sighting of "Cloud guy". They were a bit brighter than before however, 
I assume because of the moon. Same guy, but had a buddy. Not solid crafts that I could see, but rather a pair of the same as described earlier. 
Round clouds moving at a constant rate with no trail, holding their shapes and crossing the sky in I'd guess about 7 to 10 seconds from horizon to horizon. 
My sighting this time was about 4 seconds.

 Number 8 was a medium-gray boomerang flying overhead from behind me as I looked to the west. May 1st. 2021 on McKenzie Road. It was going north or north by north-west. 10:20 pm. About 4 inches at arms length. 
No lights, trial or sound. A few seconds later another almost black one looking to be at the same high altitude and while about the same size was harder to spot against the clear night sky. It was going south 
towards low cloud cover and as I watched I could see the full boomerang outline. Whether it was a shadow or whatever I don't know, but it didn't change in size 
that I could tell, so maybe at the same height as the clouds. As I was watching it fade into the clouds, I noticed another going in the same direction but a bit to 
one side. Again, against the dark part of the sky. I assume my eyes were more adjusted at this point, because I could make out what I first thought was a light 
from static charge on parts of the leading edge. However this lighter gray or white areas seemed to be permanent. Like a peeling paint job, 
or splattered paint. Same dark and obvious boomerang shape as it followed the other into the clouds to the south. All were chevron, sharp-cornered boomerang/Sergeant stripe in angle.

Number 9 While sitting on the back deck on August 11, 2021 on McKenzie Road with my adult son at 11:40pm. I saw what looked like the cardboard from a roll of paper towel 
with a very slight bend. Not at all boomerang, just bent a little. Was white with the ends being obscured by what looked like fluttering black sails which then blended 
into the black sky. About 2 inches at arms length. Going South. We went inside after a few minutes of discussion, where we both drew the exact same thing. 
Down to the fluttering ends.

Number 10 Sunday September 12th around 9 or 10pm on McKenzie Road. Cloud guy again.(Same size and description as before) he/she was to the east and rising as it headed north. 
I went in to get my wife right away as  I've seen plenty for myself, but it had gone by the time we got back outside.
