{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-26 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3213,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5454393.json","updb_database_id":5454393}
{rjl} White triangle with 2 lights in front of object.

It was approx 2010 when I noticed a clear dark sky with the moon out and above was a bright planet so I decided to photograph it looked like it would be a nice picture, I took 2 shots within 10 seconds of each other then on the 3rd photo I saw something came down fast then stopped very high it just sat there what appeared to be a misty triangle with 2 bright lights, then after a took the picture whatever it was shot straight up faster than anything I ever saw completely out of sight. After I took the picture I did capture the image and when I enlarged it you can clearly see to front lights and a misty outline of the object that appeared to be a triangle shape or a shape similar to a saucer shape, however it was too high to tell exactly which shape it was. The thing made no noise at all the whole event lasted no more that 30 to 45 seconds. I never really believed that I would ever see one of these twice in my life. The first time when i was coming home from Vietnam aboard a ship USS Cleveland about 0100 hrs when a huge round shaped object floated above us about 1200 feet a few lights on it when it shot down a light right down on us then as it passed us the light continued down on the ocean when all of a sudden it shot straight up then flew out of sight in about a speed that was too fast to know. I was a Marine coming home from Vietnam myself and 2 sailors saw this the next morning the Capitan of the ship along with the XO asked us if we saw anything last night we told him and he said for national security we are to say nothing including when we were discharged from the military otherwise we could or would go to prison, we had to sign documents acknowledging this. Anyway I had pretty much dismissed this over the years until last night when I saw something that resembled what I saw 50 years ago. I have the photos of what I say last night. Could be something or maybe nothing however it was sure strange.
