{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80707","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5479393.json","updb_database_id":5479393}
Abt,14 ufos.main ufo silent orange glowing ball.other cigar vertical shape black things came out bottom.boomerang in triangular formation appears to come in atmosphere then bk out. Glowing ball watched us all night 7 hours. Moved in strange ways then di,

Me and my two friends were hanging out in the fields behind where we lived in Whitburn (have since moved) when we thought the police helicopter was flying over as they often did, so we panicked and started hiding but then I realised there was no noise, then I noticed the orange yellow glow and then noticed it had stopped not far from us, we were at Edge of field, ufo was in middle. Fast forward it had been silently hovering there a few hours, I was taught ufos weren't real and I'd just left school so never thought about going closer to inspect after, was too scared to go under craft. I did want to run home to grab the video camera but I thought it would be a waste of time and that when I got back it would've gone boy was I wrong, so massive regret still to this day. Anyway so we carried on just hanging out and trying to figure out what it was because it sure wasn't a plane or helicopter and living under the flight path of both, I know!! Then later on in the night as you could just see the sky turning from black to dark blue we noticed another ufo to our rights, this one was a vertical cigar shape and was decending vertically silently then stopped and two black things came out the bottom kind of on a slant like landing legs except it was way up in the sky, then they went back inside and it started moving up then stop, then up then stop then I looked away for a minute n it Was gone. So I swore I wouldn't miss this main one just infront of us. Then again to our left really high up, was a boomerang shaped one it looked like it came in through the atmosphere then behind it two boomerang then behind them three, then behind four then five. But they were visible for seconds, they appeared to come into the atmosphere then straight back out. So then we watched this orange glowing one because now it was getting light but the sun hadn't rose (Whitburn is a coastal village) the sky's were clear blue not a cloud in sight, so then this main one slowly started moving, up, back, stop, up back stop then it got about 100ft above the field and this huge random cloud floated infront of it and slowly passed, and when it did pass, the ufo was gone. It didn't fly up over, sideways or under the cloud it just vanished. Then the cloud broke up and no other clouds were about. The next night at my home I was searching the night sky hoping to see it again when I seen something else. I thought it was a star at first, but then it started zig zagging all over the sky then the most amazing thing happened I seen it go to what looked like another star and speed around it so this ufo started getting really bright and the star dimmed until it disappeared then the ufo shot off and disappeard. Then I've seen other star like ufos zipping all over the sky. My two friends were in denial and frightened to speak or think of it, but ever since I've watched ancient aliens and your hanger 1 and everything else and will teach my son the truth. Of course no one believed me except my dad who said he also seen ufos growing up in Whitburn and my aunty was chased by one on the high Road, a long dark Road leading out of Whitburn. Whitburn has beach and oceans at the front and farms and fields at at back, and not much Street pollution, then main towns and cities either side. It's a unique beautiful place in tyneside. My family still live there. Unfortunately I haven't seen any ufos in years. Well except the ones that came to my flat a few years ago but don't think I should go into detail with that. Oh and we did try and record the night on my friends phone but camera phones had just come out and quality wasn't good, plus the phone wouldn't work properly until the main ufo had gone. Thanks for listening.x
