{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-04-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3919,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5492393.json","updb_database_id":5492393}
{dr}I explained this below regarding the UFO

I was 17 yrs old and was in my bedroom upstairs, my sister Mary was sleeping in my bed she was 11 yrs old. I couldn't sleep I had my curtains open and was looking out towards the electrical poles ie radio station that was there at the time. I noticed something in the sky and kept looking as something was shooting like rays at the poles. While I was still looking all of a sudden it shot it self in a split second on top the Hillcreek Elementary School in Santee California. It was triangular with lights on the bottom. Everyone in the house had already gone to bed and was already sleeping. All of a sudden I heard something downstairs it started walking up the stairs I knew it wasnt my family I grabbed the chair under the desk and put it under the door knob on the door. I went back to window as I looked at the clock it was 11pm the next time I looked at it 20 min had gone by. The chair was back under the desk and the door was wide open the ship had gone. I never knew what happened but the next day after school I came home and went outside when one of the young girls who I babysat for came up to me with a drawing she did. She wanted to show it to me I looked at it and was totally shocked since I thought I had been dreaming. It didnt stop there I was walking home from school one day and I turned around noticed a car was following me, I thought this was strange. Since the car was going really slow and there were 4 men in it with black suits. I became very nervous they never got out but followed me all the way to my house. I went to the front door opened it and went outside. I went to the garage and pushed the button to open the garage but the car had gone. I never knew what happened but never thought about it for a while. I dont remember the night but while I was sleeping I heard a voice to wake up. I woke up to find a man who stood so tall his head almost touched the ceiling he was wearing a gold suit with a gold circle medallion on his neck and some type of chain. He said that sometime in the future something was going to happen that would kill milions of people. He then waved his hand over my face and showed me a vision where it looked like a nuclear war had happened people were burnt all over their bodies. Some people were up against fences and on the ground. Time went by many other things happened but what is more astonishing is that my son was working at Payless Shoe Source in Lakeside California when my daughter who was I believe around 8 or 10 at the time I forgot but she was in the back the store had closed my son had checked the whole store to make sure everyone had left. She said she was tired so he left her in the back doors had been locked. My son and I were cleaning the store when all of a sudden my daughter came running scared to death. She said a man came up to her he was wearing a gold suit and a gold medallion he told her that he was giving her an address to go to. He stated that when the time came she and her mother and brother (I and my son) would go to this address and that she would remember the address when it was time. He then told her that they would bring the boys (my grandsons) to the address. I have now been getting many signs that something serious is about to happen but dont know who to talk to about it.
