{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-13 20:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2980,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5491393.json","updb_database_id":5491393}
{cak} 3000 sf saucer with white sequential lights on underside hovered for about 4 minutes. Was 5 ft above telephone pole. We waved and jumped under it. It took off, turned south, and made no noise when hovering or taking off. 2 secs - size of pin

I have an excellent memory especially when it comes to this incident. I have replayed it in my mind for the past 40 years and remember it as if it was yesterday. I tell the same, consistent story each time to anyone who will listen, so it is always fresh in my mind. 

Brother was 12, 10(me), and 8 sister. 1975.  Rural area. Dusk outside...evening was just beginning around 8pm.  Brother came rushing into home shouting about a UFO outside. We hesitated thinking he was pulling our leg for about 3 minutes. Then, we ran outside and across the street to an empty field where we saw IT.... We began jumping and shouting below it. It hovered with NO NOISE just about 5 foot above a telephone pole. You could sense a mass above you - this was not projection of any kind.  It was about 3000 square foot round and the underside had white lights that went around in sequence. It looked just like the old game Simon from that time period, but with more lights. It was round just like your cliche saucer, but it was thicker than I had heard in stories. It was just thick/tall enough that a man would have about 5 to 10 inches headroom if he was standing up. I could not see the surface since it was dark outside, the object was above me, and the lights obscured any view of the object except a solid, dark outline. It hovered for about a minute, and we jumped and carried on under it the whole time. Then, it turned south and within about two seconds, it went from 3000 sq foot to a pin head with NO SOUND. I did hear the faint sound of wind slice, but no propellers, no jets, no flame, no cloud, nothing!! At the time, I didn't realize how important what I saw was and it was just stored into my memory for years. I talked to my sister in our thirties and she remembered it too and continually says to me, "What was that we saw?" None of us had active imaginations, and this was definitely no figment of our imaginations. We had a very normal childhood with no drama, etc... Just a regular family life. I have grown to believe most persons speaking on UFO's and those speaking about ghosts. I have to, otherwise, I couldn't believe myself!
