{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-21 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5498393.json","updb_database_id":5498393}
A bright red star which I started staring towards. After 5 seconds it blinked and it was gone. I was still staring at it and asked my friend to look as well. After a couple of seconds it came back and we were staring at it again. And thensuddenly vanished

I was with my friend on the rooftop of my 2 storey house. We had come back after drinking beer and eating dinner. And just to clarify we weren't drunk or anything cause I had drove back and it was just a couple of beers anyway. 
So we were sitting on the rooftop, just talking about our days in school and how our college life was going on. We sat there for a good 40 mins talking about random stuff and reminiscing about our childhood and how amazing that time was. Let's name my friend "JOHN" cause he isn't aware of my decision to report this.
Anyway so John starts telling me about how a few days back when he got drunk at his girlfriend's house and went outside to pee on a tree(for some stupid reason), he saw a reddish object flying in the air which first ascended and then descended and he was going about how cool that was. And I was thinking to myself what the hell's he's talking about and was just amused. After a couple of minutes I was just staring towards my right and looking towards a 'Red Star'. My friend was looking somewhere else at that moment. 
So I was looking at this star and thinking about his stupid story and how amusing it was. (The star wasn't very high like the other star, but it was HIGH ENOUGH in the sky to NOT be some man made 'light bulb'.) So I stared at it for a couple of seconds and suddenly it blinked and there was darkness over there. So I asked my friend to look and after a couple of seconds it came back. This time both of us were staring at it and it stayed 'on' for like 5-6 seconds and this time it went 'off' in a very dramatic way. I can't explain the feeling but this time it went off in a way which said it won't come back on again. And that's what exactly happened. We stayed over there for 10-15 mins looking towards it. It didn't come back. 
Also i'm not sure but the star was there all the while before it blinked, cause I might have looked towards it but not paying a lot of attention to it.

Also i'm not saying that was a UFO or something. It was something strange so I decided to report it. Also there were no clouds over there which could have obstructed it's view. It couldn't be a tower or man made light cause it was too high. It couldn't be an airplane cause the light wasn't moving. IT WAS STATIONARY FOR TOO LONG TO BE AN AIRPLANE OR SATTELITE.
