{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-18 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5495393.json","updb_database_id":5495393}
{cak} 2 UFOs: Pulsating Orb (red/orange/yellow/white), LARGE Triangle dark w pulsating lights, blocked stars behind

I was driving from my home in Kerrytown toward a pharmacy on S. Industrial Parkway. While driving down S. State Street toward Eisenhower Parkway at roughly 10:25pm Eastern, I noticed in my periphery to the West (looking left) a redish-orange circle above the roofs of the houses on the left side of the street just as I was approaching the traffic light at Stimson Street. At first I thought it might be a helicopter, since there is a good bit of that type of traffic to UofM Hospital.

When I made it to the traffic light, it had just turned red, so I rolled my window down and tried to find the object and to listen to see if I could hear the normal loud medical chopper, but could not at that time nor hear anything related. I turned left onto Stimson toward Industrial, and as I reached the light at the Stimson & Industrial Intersection, I again spotted the object in the sky clearly beyond, but above the old Kroger building, and it was now moving South.

I turned right onto Industrial Parkway, heading South toward Eisenhower Parkway, and continued to track the orb the whole way, again, with no sound from the object. Throughout this time, it was no longer a solid color but more of a plasma-type effect, transitioning from red to orange to yellow to white, and mixing in between. It's aerial path also seemed to be a bit erratic at this point as it seemed to decend/acend in jagged movements. At this point I was fumbling trying to get my phone to take a video or pictures, but was unable to do so due to driving in an attempt to stay with the object. 

As we approached Woodbury Gardens Apartments, I lost sight of the orb due to a bit of traffic on the road requiring my attention. I decided to turn left onto Astor Avenue heading West to see if I could relocate it. I drove a short way down Astor, until I came to Woodbury Park. As I stopped, I spotted the orb to the north, just as it entered into the bottom of a very large, very dark triangle-shaped object that I hadn't seen prior to this. 

The triangle-shaped object's surface was extremely dark, such that I was able to make out any detail of the surface of it. There were, however, 3 flashing white lights that followed a repeating sequence in the shape of a triangle. 

The lights were moving from the North toward the South, and seemed to be approximately 2-3 miles away. I shut my car off at this point and exited the vehicle to look and again try to snap a photo or video. I also noticed there were people walking in the neighborhood and I asked if they had seen the lights, which they hadn't until I pointed them out.

The large triangle-shaped object moved smoothly, continuously, with the lights continuing to flash in the same sequence across the sky from north to south at a brisk clip. Unfortunately, it was brisk enough to have moved beyond the large trees in Woodbury Park and prevent me from getting a photo. 

I glanced at the clock and it was now just after 10:31pm. I attempted to drive to the south to see if I could find the large triangle-shaped object again, but was unsuccessful. I stopped to jot down a quick drawing of a map of both object sightings and of the objects, and to give MUFON a call at that time. After returning home I checked playback of flight radar data for the time in question and no flights where in the vicinity at the time either.
