{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-08 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5489393.json","updb_database_id":5489393}
{nd} Orb materialized inside house, listened to singing, exited by traveling through wall and up the hill

I was alone and up late singing songs, seated, and playing guitar in an upstairs bedroom. I was in a looking at lyrics on sheet music and noticed for about half of a song that a glowing white orb about the size of a softball had materialized inside the house 2 feet in front of me to the right about 3 feet off the ground and it was listening to the music, not moving at all. I kept two playing 2 more verses and moved my attention to it, as it hovered like someone standing there listening. I wanted to touch it or see if it would move so I stopped playing. Just then it start moving about a foot a second to my left and went 12 feet across the room and right through the wall. I ran to the window and watched it accelerate up the hill about 5 feet off the ground into the woods and out of sight. 

It was not raining or lightening. It was not scary or threatening. It was an observation entity gathering information/experiences and not capable of having passengers. It seemed to have a spiritual nature in addition to the physical presence. 

Two days later I was in the the small town nearby talking to other locals - and they do appear in other houses. One person described firsthand seeing one very similar to my experience, at night and mentioned that also another family members has see them also more frequently.  I later learned these people are current and prior neighbors less than 1 mile from the house.  

Talking to the prior owner of the house, on two occasions they would receive an early morning phone calls with no one speaking on the other end on days when close family members or friends would pass away. One visitor staying at the house mentioned in the morning that they had a dream of a couple tall greys-type beings wearing some type of uniform/religious vestige, visiting them at night, standing there just observing them, then traveling through the wall as they leave - the observer was not able to move and remained in dream type state during the visitation.  

The orb has only appeared to me the one time.
