{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-04 14:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113964","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5289393.json","updb_database_id":5289393}
Stationary then moving Star Like Object in broad daylight

After observing two hawks circling in the sky, I noticed a star in the sky... Which was odd because it was nearly three in the afternoon. It was bright and consistent. I observed it for at least a minute from my office window when I decided to ask my coworker if she saw it too. As soon as she got up to take a look, it stopped being bright. Then as she looked away it flashed up again and I told her to look again. Then another coworker came interested in the commotion. At this point the object would flash on and off randomly for varying intervals. After about a minute, both of my coworkers finally saw it, stationary, in the sky, occasionally bright like a star, and then invisible. One coworker claimed it was a grey object. After loosing interest and assuming it was some weird planet or perhaps a floating balloon a child lost, I went back to my desk and looked out of my office window. Then I noticed the object had changed position slightly. After this point I got up to look from the outside again and I couldn't find it. After searching a bit I saw another object in the sky with a trail (these are common, I assume their planes? What some people would call chem-trails). Then I found the star-like object again, only it had moved further East. Now the object was visibly moving, dropping altitude and in an eastward direction. It continued to flash on and off at random intervals, eventually disappearing for good. That's pretty much it, but I've never seen anything like it. If anyone has information on what this might be, I'd love to hear it.
