{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-23 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5506393.json","updb_database_id":5506393}
harmless event

I was at work doing a night shift as im in the security buisness, I was out doing my rounds on a patrol, I hered some un usual noises coming from trees and bushes I went over to check it out where I thought it was teenagers messing about. There was some flashy lights going on and off in mid air which freaked me out a little, it was an object that appeared then dissapeared then re appeared like it was invisible, hard to describe really. I tried touching the object but it was like touching fin air so I couldnt touch nothing. The object was in a shape of a disc and there was a glowing patern on the object, I reckonised the pattern from somewhere before then after the event happened it occured to me the pattern was the orions belt. I just knew this object was not from our planet, I didn't see any alien type people, I was hearing unusual noises like a type of language where I assume something was trying to communicate with me. I see something fuzzy images on this object it looked like frequency from somewhere ure see on are tvs, they looked like pre recordings of images of nuclear bombs going off, then go to another images of armys going to war with countrys, nuclear power stations, forests burning, images of cars in busy citys. Happened for about 30 seconds. This event affected my mobile phone/cell phone. This object didn't seem to have landed on ground surface because of the way it took off in a blink of an eye and gave off a great burst of heat. I think this event was trying to tell me something I don't know, maybe a warning I don't know. But after this experiance I now know in my head we are not alone. And the goverment should stop trying to hide stuff like this. The people have a right to know this is our planet our home. They can try and hide stuff, but people like us/public we see it all aswell. Our planet is a big place. I thought I should share my experiance on this site because I don't know who to tell.
