{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-25 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96460","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/393/mufon-5464393.json","updb_database_id":5464393}
{rjl} I have seen this Orb of yellowish whitish light before three times in total. The first time is was observed dimming and being solid from st. anthony to Idaho Falls for over 30 mins before dissapearing. The most recent time was this last July.

1. I was on the west side of Idaho Falls, at my house. My husband and I were standing outside smoking a cigarette for about 15 mins then talking till we had been standing outside looking at the sky for 30 mins or so total. It was night time about 1030pm on a Sunday. 

2. I have seen this low object that looks like the size of a planet and is not ISS (I have checked) before. Three times total now. In the East Idaho Area. So when I saw it in the sky (as big as a planet) I automatically noticed it. Then when it started dimming, disappearing and reappearing I really noticed it!

3. I check to see what planets are in the sky daily and my first thought was that it was a planet because it was the same size as Mars if not bigger. It seemed closer than Mars too. It was low in the sky but not too low. 

4. It was completely stationary, that is why I thought it was a planet. It was bright, a yellowish white color. It was bright and stationary for 15 mins before it started dimming and would disappear for a few minutes before it would brighten up and be a solid light again.
You can find the video on The BoHo Bus youtube channel. Its about 3 minutes of this huge planet like orb in the sky being solid, then dimming and disappearing completely. 

5. My feeling were of excitement and Awe. I have seen what I thought were aliens before on different occasions so it wasn't frightening. With this situation in particular we have viewed this phenomena before so it was even more exciting because the two incidents took place 5 years apart. My reaction was to record it because technology has gotten better on the phones over 5 years. Sure enough the quality was better as far as the video I took goes. Any wiggling in the video is my hand shaking and not the object. It
