{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-13 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5499329.json","updb_database_id":5499329}
{cak} Saw one formation of and two pairs of Orange Balls of Lights

My mother and I were watching TV with our balcony door open about a foot wide. I noticed the lights first flying up from behind the roof of the apartment building across the street from our balcony to the south. I caught movement out of the corner of my eye, they were very bright and demanded attention. I didn't really know what they could be because they were much larger and brighter than aircraft lights. There were about 6-7 lights in an upside down 'Check' formation. They were flying at a steady pace from the south, heading north. They were bright orange, with no strobing white, red, or green lights like on most aircraft. There was no discernible sound either, and we can normally hear planes and helicopters flying overhead all the time, even if we can't see them. So to see something this bright and close with no sound was strange. Directly behind the check formation came two more lights, not following each other, buy not exactly side by side either. And then finally one last pair closer together. They all traveled the same speed, the same direction, and with no sound. They looked very bright in the night sky, brighter than headlights even. They disappeared behind a large tree next to our balcony and I was unable to get outside to catch them out our front door. The videos are admittedly poor, shot through our screen door, with an ipad. The second is slightly better though. I wasn't fast enough to catch the initial formation though, just the two pairs that followed.
We really couldn't believe what we had seen, I've always believed in the potential for alien life but have remained pragmatic about it, if I've seen something silver in the sky I just assume it's a plane I can't quite make out clearly. But these lights I just can't explain. Didn't look like search lights from helicopters, didn't look like aircraft lights, or meteors. I honestly can't explain it.
