{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-29 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5525329.json","updb_database_id":5525329}
star-like objects south of Kennesaw, seemed to maybe be hovering over the Atlanta area.

So my roommate and girlfriend went out for a cigarette and started looking at stars around 9 pm. I noticed one that was unusual. At first I thought it might be a planet within sight, although I don't really keep track of planetary movement, I know that sometimes Mars and Venus are visible, and can appear red and blue. This starlike object seemed to be rapidly pulsing or strobing, mostly white, but I also noticed very distinct pulses of red and blue. It was happening extremely fast, the distinction of colors was very difficult if you weren't watching intensely but the strobing effect was very obvious in general when compared to visible stars in other directions. We came back in and started googling, searching for similar reports or an explantion. After about an hour or two, we went out to see if it was still there. In the same direction, we noticed more of these "stars" blinking in the same fashion. It seemed like there were anywhere from 7-10 + of them of varying brightness, although they all displayed the same strobing characteristics. My gf noted that some of them seemed to move, even if only slightly. I can't say for sure that I noticed this, but I can definitely not say for sure that they didn't. I can't say that there was any more significant movement than the normal slow path of celestial objects during the course of the evening. It was difficult at times to see all of them with them being faint, and some streetlight interference. Being the skeptic that I am, I can only assume that it may have something to do with smog and general air pollution in the air over Atlanta (south of my location) causing a visual effect. I naturally want to find a scientific explanation here but until I do, I thought this was significant enough to post. Most noteworthy for me, was the brilliant color. The red and blue were exactly the "red" and "blue" from a crayola crayon box. I am 100% sure that these were not planes. Living near several airports over the last years, I have seen more than my fair share of planes, helicopters, and even military aircraft. As of the time of report. The objects have not disappeared. I will continue to look for them on clear evenings in the same direction(south of Marietta / Kennesaw).
