{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2202,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5517329.json","updb_database_id":5517329}
(gs) just saw amber colored lights appear right in front of me

I was in myrtle beach around the 3rd of November, 2011, staying in a beach front hotel top floor. Approxyiamately around 10:00pm I was sitting in the balcony having a beer and listening to the ocean sounds of night when suddenly maybe 100 foot away an amber colored light appeared out of no where. It stayed on for maybe five seconds then turn off then back on and off sort of like flashing effect. This lasted probably another 10 seconds then it shut off completely. A few seconds later another amber light appeared just to the left of the first and did the same pattern. The lights were parallel to the beach as if signaling something further south. What transfixed my mind is that I cud see sum detail around the lights as the flashed on and off. it seemed to be mechanical similar to the type of lights u see in studios for photographic and filming lights, the kind that have shutters or lighting supports on all four sides. To me at first I was thinking how could something this big appear out of no where and total silence? And how did they get it up there, maybe 75 feet off the surface of the water, and how did they keep it so stationary? Not once did I think it was a UFO because it hadnt hit me yet to realize it. And of course I didn't think ,about my cell phone camera until it was gone. Actually I didn't look into this at all until a friend told me south Carolina had many amber light sightings around that time.maybe when I cudnt hear anything due to the ocean? It was close enough for me to hear something. But just silence
