{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-06 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38947","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5518329.json","updb_database_id":5518329}
5 white orb like UFOS witnessed over the course of 3 hours from 9 PM to 12 AM.

I was outside letting my pet toad catch bugs off of the porch at my boyfriends house on the east side of Des Moines around 9:00 PM and I look up in the sky and see this white ball of light flying through the sky. It didn't have the blinking FAA lights like airplanes and helicopters do. Its flight pattern was zigzagging around slowly and the flight movement looked nothing Ive ever seen before. It didn't fly like a plane. It was hovering around. My boyfriend grabbed some binoculars and looked at it and confirmed there was no other lights on the UFO. It was just one large, solid white orb floating around. It went behind a group of trees and disappeared. The sky was very clear. No clouds in sight. It was very close to us so it was very large and easy to view.
I thought it was another plane at first until I realized it was just one giant, white ball of light with no blinking lights. The more and more I thought about it, I realized that Ive never seen anything like that fly around before in my life. Ive seen several helicopters, satellites, and airplanes flying in the night sky before. It resembled nothing like those. We then proceeded to stay outside for three hours (9 PM-12 AM) skywatching and we eventually saw four more during the time we were outside. 
They were very high up in the sky to the point where they just looked like a small star (white ball of light) but they were moving in the same way that the first UFO we saw did. There was also an abnormally large amount of planes flying through the sky during that time as well, so we were definitely able to compare and confirm what we were seeing wasnt any known, logical aircraft. 
The second of the UFOs we saw was stationary for a few minutes (just a white, hovering dot in the sky) and then it started moving across the sky in a straight line until it eventually flew out of our viewpoint. It was very high up in the sky. We thought it was a star at first until we realized that it started moving. 
The third and fourth UFOs we saw were extremely high up in the sky as well, higher than any planes could go. They were very hard to see because they were so far away. They were zigzagging across the sky until they were out of view.
The fifth and final UFO we saw was came to a close distance to us like the first one so it appeared as a large white orb of light. It was going in a straight line across the sky and then all of a sudden, it proceeded to start making a descent in the sky towards the ground. As it was descending, the UFO started to shine brighter. It stopped and remained stationary for one second then it started ascending again to the altitude in the sky where it originally was and the brightness went away. The UFO then proceeded to continue on its straight flightpath until it was out of view. 
By that time, it was 12 AM and we were getting tired so we went back inside. We did not film the UFOs because we do not have a high enough quality of camera to capture them. However, I did some searching on Youtube and was able to find two videos that resembled what we saw exactly.
The links to the videos are here:

[Links moved to FI section/cms/tg]

I believe there are intelligent, extraterrestrial life forms because of the nearly infinite vastness of the universe, and the equally vast possibilities for diverse life forms. It is nearly a mathematical certainty that somewhere there is some other intelligent life form. It is also extremely arrogant and ignorant to believe we are the only intelligent ones. However, I never thought that I would witness it first hand. I am only 22 years old and hopefully, I will be able to witness more in my lifetime. It truly was an exciting and enlightening experience.
