{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-17 01:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5491329.json","updb_database_id":5491329}
{cak} Lighted (vehicle?) seen traveling SW to NE at great speed in a straight line, no jet sound, far too fast for jet, NOT a satellite.

Was standing in my driveway, night vision returned, admiring the spectacle of the Galaxy, which is clearly seen on a moonless night. I hoped to spot a meteor or even a satellite passing overhead. A sudden movement of light appeared, traveling at tremendous speed from my right (SW) across the sky at approximately 70 degrees elevation,heading to the NE. I was stunned by it's speed but immediately recognized that it was NOT a meteor (too dim and unvarying in it's light, which was sort of dim, and NOT a satellite (moving FAR too fast). It's path was arrow straight, unvaried, and disappeared behind that stupid redwood in the back yard, not reappearing on the other side. The angle of my view would prevent that. The object was too dim to be a meteor and, more importantly,seemed to be more than just one light. It happened very quickly (maybe only three seconds, if that) but my impression was of a triangle of three dim, sort of muted lights. There was no noise whatever. I waited for the delayed noise of a VERY high-flying jet but there was none. IT was, of course, impossible to tell it's altitude but my impression was that it was miles overhead, which made it's apparent speed all that much more remarkable. My feelings? Awe! My reactions? WOW, I thought, that ain't us! We don't have anything that can do that! Raced to tell my wife but she was engrossed in her (inane) TV program. My heart was racing.. but my visual recollection is very clear (am an artist). The object disappeared from sight as it passed the stupid (big!)redwood tree. My impression? NOT a meteor. NOT a satellite or the ISS, NOT a fantasy (am sober) and DEFINITELY NOT my imagination. What the hell WAS that thing?
