{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2928,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5486329.json","updb_database_id":5486329}
{dr}I was on street by my car. I heard loud noise I thought was low flying jet approaching very quickly. I got extremely loud as it passed over head, had to cover ears. I saw nothing and could not believe it. Roomate heard it at house, saw nothing.

Lincoln Park, Mi. Richmond street between Dix and Fort St. It was in the afternoon sometime when I had walked out to my car parked on the street in front of the house. I heard what I thought was a jet flying low coming from the east. Air traffic is not unusual as I lived near Detroit Metropolitan Airport. This noise got very loud very quickly and seemed to be heading right for me. It also seemed like it was following the exact street path. I was both frightened and intrigued. I was scared something might fall out of the sky on me, but had no time to react and run or hide. As the noise peaked overhead, it was almost unbearably loud and sounded like an engine of some sort, rumbling. I covered my ears. I felt the vibration. It blew the treetops as it passed and I could not believe that I DIDN'T see anything. It continued west away from the Detroit River, but the sound faded in volume and duration much more quickly than when it built up and approached, almost sounding like it was ascending rapidly. I stood, bewildered and searched the sky for something, anything, that would explain the sound. I then looked at the house and noticed my roommate in the open window. We both were quiet for a moment, looking at each other in amazement. Finally, I asked him if he "saw" that, he said yes, and then I corrected myself and asked if he heard it. He confirmed. He said he did not actually see anything either. I looked up and down the street for anyone else who may have experienced what we did. I saw no one, (which I thought was weird because this was a really, really, loud noise)and things seemed normal. I shook it off explaining it away to myself as an airplane, and got in my car and went about my day. There were no reports on the news to my knowledge of any airplanes having difficulty at Metro airport that day. It felt like something different. It has always bothered me. The sound alone made me think this should have been something huge I could see. It almost seemed like whatever was there was invisible or cloaked. The trees moving with the noise made me think so.
