{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-06 09:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27256","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5528329.json","updb_database_id":5528329}
dark, elongated/vertical, unidentifiable floating object in clear morning sky

I saw something odd in the sky this morning (Thurs. Jan. 6, 2011) and just wanted to report it 1 it was possibly some type of weather or other balloon but not like anything I've seen before so ...just for the record! I was driving on Silas Creek Parkway in Winston-Salem around 9:15 am and as I slowed at the intersection of Silas and Peter's Creek and was turning to the right onto Peter's Creek, I looked up to see something "floating" fairly high in sky to my left, in a south easterly direction. What caught my eye was that it was very dark against the light blue morning sky, and elongated, vertical, strangely shaped - nothing like a "regular" flyaway helium balloon, banner, or any recognizable aircraft or bird -I almost hate to say but it reminded me of those "flying humanoid" things I've seen on TV! I lost sight of it as I drove up to my bank on Peter's Creek Parkway, but as I was sitting at the teller window I caught sight of it again, high over the tree line to my right, and I asked the teller if she could see it also, and asked her opinion of what it might be? She said she could, and called another teller to come over and she also saw it, but all of us were frankly puzzled as to the object's identification or purpose. Just about that time, a flock of birds crossed overhead in the opposite direction, and I half-heartedly joked "well, at least I hope birds don't start dropping out of the sky like the news has been reporting all over the globe!" 

I was wondering if the national weather service had a balloon up there at the time or if anyone else had reported seeing the object, or if it was large enough to be caught on radar? I would have thought it might be a collapsed balloon, except it seemed to keep moving at the same altitude or even higher, it certainly wasn't coming downward 1 but moving very slowly, almost seemed to be standing still at times - much slower than runaway balloons normally seem to travel in the atmosphere, it seemed to deliberately continue in the same direction the entire time - not moving erratically but very steadily. Honestly the best description I could give is, it looked rather like a hefty man suspended in the air - as if dangling from some invisible plane! Except it had to be bigger than a person, because it was so visible at that height. So all told, whatever it was, was in sight for at least 20 minutes and I could have probably sighted it longer, except I had to get to work at that point and could not continue to track it.
