{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65149","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5494329.json","updb_database_id":5494329}
{dr}saw 2 horizontal large, silent cylinders in clear sky close totally stationary

I was in my yard, about ten am, walking north toward my garden. Something attracted my attention from above and to the north. I looked up and saw first two cylinders, silvery color, metallic appearance... they seemed to be attached at first by some kind of arced tube or cord, one slightly above and beyond the other. Then I only saw one object.I can't imagine why, but I was just looking at one object. It was a perfect cylinder about fifteen to twenty times as long as its diameter. Shiny like spun metal. I think I saw something like rivets on the side facing me. It bore no markings that I could see. I could not see the ends of it, just perfect cylinder like a saw cut log.

I am ashamed to admit that I was completely flustered by the experience. Made no notes. Took no pictures. When I saw what I thought were maybe rivets along the cylinder, my mind said "military" and I immediately turned and walked back into the house without looking back. I'm about thirty air miles from a very serious air force base where we are told they fly killer drones from. I don't know anything about that. I don't know what these things were, or even their size... I was facing two thirty to forty foot pine trees that are 45 feet apart and I was about sixty feet from them. The objects were above and beyond those trees. I went back later after reading some ufo experience recountings and held my hands out to where I remembered seeing the ends of the object. According to my geometry, If it was only five hundred feet away from those trees, it was more than a hundred feet long. I could hear the silence of it. I don't even know exactly what I mean by that, but there was no evidence of any propulsion mechanism but that thing hung perfectly still. I was so shocked that if it drifted some, I don't think I would have noticed.

The irony is that I have wanted to see something like this and I just turned and walked away from it in shock. I didn't tell my wife for several days and I just told our land partners yesterday. They suggested I have a moral obligation to file this report. I hope it doesn't cause me any problems.
