{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-05 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288329","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/329/mufon-5288329.json","updb_database_id":5288329}
Episode Confirmation “Hunted by UFOs”

In 1995 my grandparents drove to Tuscaloosa from Birmingham, AL to pick me up to spend the weekend with them. It was night time, and I noticed a solid white light/orb following our same path/speed. At times it wouldn’t move at all, just stopped mid air, a few times it looked like it was either circling something or wobbling in the air, then it would continue on its same Northern bound path. We were on i59 North. It was moving behind trees, no flashing/pulsating when the trees werent blocking it’s view. I remember my grandmother saying “We’ll get a better look at it when we get off on the i359 exit, we’ll drive right under what ever it is.” Once we turned onto the exit, it had disappeared.

I remember seeing a slight flash and it shoot up in the air a little and disappear as we were turning onto the exit. My grandparents didn’t see that part when I told them. They were still looking for it.

The sighting was confirmed when my grandmother went to work Monday morning when she was talking to a coworker, the subject came up. Her coworker saw it too (they lived in the Hoover area), she was told that it was wobbling above their house and they ran and got a video camera to shoot a video. A little while after they started videoing there was a flash of light and it shot up in the air. When they went inside to play the video back, the video was only black sky with their voices talking about the object. The object itself wasn’t recorded at all. 

When my grandmother told me this, it had confirmed what I saw (flash then disappearance), but also confirmed to my grandparents that they had actually seen the object as well.

I had forgotten all about that particular experience until I saw an episode of Hangar 1 “Hunted by UFOs.” There are too many similarities from what I saw and what was reported on in the episode. This was my first sighting. I’ve had one more vivid sighting when I was in afghanistan.
