{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1975-02-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"mlyxm","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181113,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
witness saw an oddly structured craft and noticed fish jumping out of the waterAnimal Reaction Feature:

The sighting:

The night was described as cold (26 degrees),
clear, and
with a full moon. [verified that moon
was waning gibbous, 99% of the disc illuminated; moon rose at 7:28 PM
and set
the next morning at 7:37 AM (U.S. Naval Observatory)—JW].

At 2 AM, G. awoke and saw a structured object
estimated to
50 feet wide and 35 feet high and composed of uprights and cross pieces
4 to 6
inches in width. It seemed black in
color, and had no body lights. The full
moon did not reflect off of it. The object was hovering about 10 feet
away and
about 4 feet off the ground. As G. put
on his glasses, he noted it was moving about 1 mile/hour to the north
and then
east. He heard no sound from the object
but, as noted, there may have been sound that G. could not detect.

When G.’s friends emerged due to his rapping the
top of the
camper, they could not see the object although G., who had been
tracking, it
could still see it.

At 3:05 AM G. was awaken by a bright light on his
face and a
prickly, tingle feeling. He put on his
glasses and saw an object estimated to be 40-50 feet in diameter that
was
tilted at a 20-30 degree angle and had a curved upper structure. Initially light was coming from a slit in
the top portion, but the slit closed, opened, the light dimmed, and
went
out. The object itself was dark and
clear again the sky. The object began
moving. When directly overhead, he saw
a number of holes with lighted circumferences around the outer edge. Again, fish were jumping and poles were
vibrating against the boat during this second event. As others came out
in
response to G.’s rapping on the roof, the object had disappeared into
the
distance.

No sound was reported
Physical effect of fiberglass fishing rods tapping or vibrating
against
the beached boat was reported in both events.
Physiological effect of a prickly, tingly feeling was reported
in second
event.

The A.P.R.O. Bulletin

Our
next case involves
one of the most unusual objects which we have encountered in 27 years
of
examining UFO reports. At 2 a.m. on
February 26, 1975, Mr. G, 45, a cement mason from Phoenix Arizona, was
asleep
on top of a camper which was parked on the bank of the San Carlos
Reservoir,
which is located on the Indian reservation of the same name in
Southeastern
Arizona. Mr. G’s two companions were
asleep inside of the camper and he was bedded down with sleeping bag
and
electric blanket on top of the camper because there was an
alcohol-burning
heater in the camper which aggravated his respiratory trouble. The temperature was approximately 26
degrees, the sky was clear and there was a full moon.
For
no apparent
reason, at 2 a.m., Mr. G. woke up. He
immediately saw a strange structured object (see his sketch
accompanying this
article) hovering about 10 feet away from the camper, four feet off the
ground. It consisted of a number of
uprights and cross members from 4 to 6 inches in width and the whole
thing
covered an area of about 50 feet wide and possibly 35 feet high. The further edge of the thing was at about
the edge of the reservoir and the whole thing was moving away toward
the north
at about one mile per hour. Mr. G.
reached for and put on his glasses for a better look. The object was
still
moving but had begun moving in an easterly direction.
The
object made
no noise but Mr. G. has a 35% loss of hearing in both high and low
frequencies
so there may have been sound which he was unable to detect. Mr. G. banged on the top of the camper to
alert his companions, who took some time in getting out.
The object continued moving, but headed
north again instead of east and was out over the reservoir and headed
toward a
marshy area where another camper was parked about ¾ mile away. It was almost at the location of the camper
when the other men came out but they didn’t see it, probably because
their eyes
had not adjusted, whereas Mr. G. had had it in sight continually. Also, the object, which was black, did not
reflect the moon’s light and was not very visible by [to] them.
During
the
presence of the object, Mr. G noted that some fiberglass fishing poles
were
tapping against their fishing boat which was beached a short distance
from the
camper. Also, fish were jumping out of
the water in an area 100 feet north and 100 feet south of their
location, and
within 50 feet of the shore. The men
checked the lines on the poles but there were no fish on them and they
could
not account for the vibration which caused the tapping.
Mr. G. later theorized that it may have been
a combination of the sound made by the jumping fish and the vibrating
poles
which woke him initially.
G.
finally went
back to sleep. The episode had lasted
approximately 15 minutes. He woke up
again at 3:05 with a bright light full on his face, shining through the
blanket
which he had pulled up over his face to block out the moonlight and
keep him
warm. He grabbed his watch, put on his
glasses, and checked the time. He felt
a prickly, tingly feeling and was shocked at first.
Uncovering his head, he located the source of the light-- off to his right “at about 2 o’clock” was an
object approximately 40-50 feet in diameter and tilted at a 20-30
degree
angle. It had a curved upper structure
and the light was coming from a top portion.
The light source was a sort of slit which closed, then opened,
became
dim, and then went out. The object
itself was dark and plainly seen against the night sky.
At this time, G. was rapping on the camper
again to wake his companions. The
object began moving, and when directly overhead he could see a number
of holes
with lighted circumferences arranged around the outer edge. He didn’t count them, and kept beating on
the camper to awake the others. Before
the others gained access to the outside, the object had disappeared in
the
distance. However, the fish had been
jumping and the poles vibrating all during this sighting, also.
Mr.
G., when
interviewed by APRO Director Mr. Lorenzen, was determined to go back
with
photographic equipment hoping to get confirmation of what he had seen. At this writing, we have heard no further
news from him and assume that his vigil was unrewarded.
Although
the second case [this case] is only a single witness report, we feel
that Mr.
G. is a sincere and honest man and he certainly was determined to tell
someone
about his strange experience. He drove
all the way from Phoenix to Tucson (a round trip of 240 miles) just to
report
what he had seen.
