{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-02-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67099","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2172,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5492438.json","updb_database_id":5492438}
bright light

I'm now 68 yrs old this happened when I was in college and I was around 18 yrs old at the time. I was visiting cousins in the countryside and were returning home around 1:00 am. It was a clear starlit night without a single cloud in the sky. For some reason I looked up as we got out of the car. I saw what I first thought were contrails left by an aircraft, except that they were not in a straight line as you would expect. Instead it was all close in the form of a misshaped heart. We kept looking at it for some reason glued to the sight when I noticed like a pin spot of light at one end of that contrail, all of a sudden it started to get brighter and brighter to the point that the starlit sky became blue like during daylight and no stars were visible, I don't know how long this lasted but we remained glued to the event until the light started to slowly diminished and I could not see the light source and the stars returned. It was at this time that we looked at each other and dashed inside as all the dogs in the area started howling at once. I could not tell you with any certainty how long this event took place as we were mesmerized throughout the event.
By the way, a few years later my mother and sister saw a disk shaped object fly from the roof of their condominium to their eye level very close to them, and started moving towards them until my sister started screaming then it moved away slowly. Neighbors came out and saw it also, I was away in the military at the time and was not a witness. My sister saw figures on the windows on the side of the object.
