{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-09 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2926,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5490438.json","updb_database_id":5490438}
{cak} Looked up into the sky after walking outside on 32nd avenue 22st south (approx). in fargo ND and I saw a star like light/object slowly move in a straight line upwards getting dimmer in the SW sky. It appeared to be a star at first.

I just walked outside an Ice cream store off the intersection of 32nd avenue 22nd street south in south Fargo ND. Took a bite of ice cream than casually looked up into the southern night sky. I saw at first what appeared to be two bright close stars. Both appeared stationary for about 3 seconds as I first was observing the "stars". Then the "star" on the object started moving very slowly in a straight line away from the other star at and upward and slightly more to the SW sky. At first I thought it was a airplane at cruising altitude, but on closer observation there were no signature green/red blinking lights, and no observed jet sound, which I always here for planes that high on calm nights like this one. I thought of the possibility of it being a satellite, but that would not make sense because it was stationery for a good 2-3 seconds in respect to the other bright start to its right. The interesting thing is the object slowly got dimmer and dimmer until it vanished as it traveled along its straight path. I considered the possibly of it being a shooting star, but this was not a good description because it moved way slower than a shooting star, and it did not have a characteristics flash/emission/glow as a shooting star, plus the object/star was stationary for a good 2-3 seconds when i first saw it. I have seen many shooting stars before, and trust me, this was not one. Thus I failed to identify what it was, not a star, plane, shooting star, nor a satellite, most likely was not a weather balloon either. At the time of the sighting, it was a gorgeous calm clear sky summer evening. There was a plane in the southern direction on the horizon on mid-approach from the south into hector international airport at the time of the my sighting. 
Total length of observation of the star like object was 8-10 seconds from first seeing it stationary to it disappearing as it "faded out"

Also I was driving by the airport this afternoon and saw an F-15 or F-18 grey jet fighter at the jet center, which was a very unusual thing to see for how many times i been around there.
