{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-02-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5527438.json","updb_database_id":5527438}
followed by metalic disk- ran but it paced us-then took off like a shot

Well I'm going to try to tell you about what I saw. My family lived in Amarillo Texas at the time. I was 14 years old. My friend *(Named deleted--CMS/sg)(can't remember her last name) and I were going to a birthday slumber party ( the birthday girls name was *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) and I remember her birthday was around Lincolns or Washington's birthday-don't know why I remember that) We put our pj's in our pillows and carried them over our shoulder. The park was on the next block-these were pretty long blocks. *(Name deleted) mother was picking us up at the park. I remember it still being daylight at this time. We were walking down the sidewalk towards the park when we heard a low humming sound behind us. We turned around and there was nothing there. we continued toward the park. I saw an old woman or man ( can't remember which) standing inside their door just sort of frozen looking- I said to *(Name deleted)" Look at that old zombie," and we laughed and continued walking. We heard the low humming sound again. We turned around ( I expected to see a car or something coming down the road,but there was nothing.We walked on just a few steps when there it was again! That low humming sound- I stomped my foot and turned around saying "What is that!" When BAM! It was right there! Above and behind us. I got really excited and started shouting- "It's a UFO! It's a UFO! Do you see it? Now this is where things slowed down-I picked my foot up off the ground to take a step towards it and at the exact same time (I mean exactly like the same thought at the same time like one thing-can't explain it good...) The UFO swooped towards me! I did a backwards lean and said "Whoa!" then things slowed down more(like slow motion) I felt someone yanking on my arm and yelling RUN! I turned my head to see *(Name deleted) face. She was scared- I mean pee in your pants afraid! I wasn't afraid until I saw her face. We ran on towards the park because we were closer to it than my home where we started.When we were running I would keep looking back and the UFO was pacing us- no slower- no faster- staying exactly with us. We got to the park and got under a tree. I could see it through the limbs. I stepped out from the tree to see it and all of a sudden it was like it got sucked up by a vacuum- Blink and it was gone! Then I felt strange like time was getting normal again. I noticed lights sweeping around and behind me. It was *(Name deleted) and her Mom coming around the corner in their car. It seemed strange to me the brightness of the headlights. Well I told them all about it very excitedly. *(Name deleted) didn't want to talk about it, that made me mad. I told everyone about it for weeks and weeks. My friends told me to stop talking about it. My family did not want to here it anymore. My Mom told me I was being silly.Well I never did stop talking about it. As for the description- it was metallic- disc shaped- running lights around it- something was sticking out of the bottom of it. It was about 20 -30 feet across.
