{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-16 19:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48990","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5509438.json","updb_database_id":5509438}
A star that started to move and Hover over my car. Pretoria Gauteng South Africa July 2013

There was Three incidents that happened in the past two weeks of July 2013 that i felt i had to report. 

The first being around 8:20pm on Monday evening, we were on our way to a Indoor hockey game and this star in the distance that was unusually bright. The star started getting bigger and closer, at first we thought it was a helicopter or a plane, as it got closer we noticed that it had four sides to it, and it was flying in a Diamond motion. The two sides had big bright white lights that stayed on permanently, the front had a flashing red light and the back had a more dull orange light that was permanently on. This thing hovered slower than a plane or helicopter at the low altitude of a helicopter, but with out any kind of noise or effort. it just glided over the car and over the houses, my friend and i watched this until we could no longer see this, from driving. Unfortunately we could not get any photos as my smart phone could not pick up anything.

anyways..

The very next night this "early star", as bright as the moon yet as low as the clouds stayed station in one position from around 6pm until sometime late, it was no longer visible in the sky the next night. 

Now exactly two week later That Bright light appeared even brighter than the last, in the same position as before. This time we noticed this "light" around 5:45pm on the 16th July and monitored it, for about an Hour and a bit it stayed in the same position, then it started to slowly hover above Pretoria east towards Hatfield Town Region. then it completely disappeared. 

It seems to be happening all over the world, people are just to fixated to their technology indoors, "look at the sky" !!!
