{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-16 21:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5548438.json","updb_database_id":5548438}
Orange amber ball of light and TONS of military jets and something crashed!!!!!!!!!!!

I had my camcorder out and had driven to Jackson Morrow Park to watch for the orange balls of light. I had seen them again yesterday and the weather was such that I thought tonight might be a good night to see them again. I am DETERMINED to get these bastards on video tape! I KNOW I will.. Anyway, I get to the park and shut off the lights and my car. The sun has just gone down. I sat there for about 20 minutes and got bored so I called my friend Tim, in Florida. I think we were on the phone for about 10 minutes when the OBOL showed up in the northwestern sky. It was about 45 degrees from the horizon and it was REALLY bright! it was HUGE. Like a baby aspirin at arms length. It was a yellowish amber orange color. And very sparkly. I grabbed for the camcorder and the bastard vanished. Just quickly grew smaller and then vanished. And there was NOTHING where it had been. No craft or anything. There was enough moonlight that I could have seen a big craft but there was nothing. This is what sometimes happens so I got the camcorder up for more. They usually start to pop in, one by one till 2 or 3 or more appear and then they pop out the same way. Well, this one was the only one. No more came. Something was up. Within a few minutes the sky was ABSOLUTELY filled with what I called "fireflies". They were small jet aircraft. I could hear them. They were flying in double "V" formations and they were all over the sky where the light has just been. I watched as they made several sweeps of the area. 3 or 4 would break formation and swing back around toward the south and then make a tight turn back to the north. They did not have their red and green wing lights on but they did have on their strobes, so I could follow them, but it made it harder. That "firefly" effect was crazy! They were EVERYWHERE! Damn, more started showing up and I had a hard time counting them or keeping track of all of them! The sky was crawling with aircraft! UNBELIEVABLE!!!! After a few minutes they broke away and started moving to the north in small groups. WHAT A SHOW THIS WAS!!! While this was going on, I called Glenn Means, in Peru. I had him on the phone telling him what I was seeing so you can ask him about the freaked out tone in my voice! I had a weird feeling about what I was seeing. Like something was wrong. Something was up. Something BIG. For the record, I was sitting in the parking lot at Jackson Morrow, the lot by the volley ball nets. I was facing the west and scanning the sky from north to south.. I was just west of US 31 at Center Road. (300S)

After the jets left and it seemed as if there wasn't going to be any more OBOL tonight, I took my cameras and went home. Once I arrived, I stood outside for a few minutes, camera in hand, watching. Waiting for something I could feel in the air. At about 10:10 PM I finally gave up and came in. I got my jammies on and went into my office to work.

At precisely 10:24 PM there was a tremendous explosion outside my window. The window shook, my chair shook, my monitor shook, and it sounded like something fell on my roof and then off. (I need to go outside and see if there is anything or anybody laying in my yard!) I thought I had seen a flash of light out the window in my office that faces southwest. It all happened so fast I can't remember if I saw the flash before or after the explosion. I jumped up and ran in to the bedroom and woke Dave up screaming, "something is wrong, something is wrong!" I had the hair standing up all over my body. I still do! About 5 minutes later my son, Casey, called me. He is at the cab company in town. He says, "Mom, are you guys okay?" I said, "yeah, why?" And he proceeds to tell me that a plane has crashed close to our house! I jumped up and ran into the bedroom to tell Dave and then I called Glen back. I ran outside to see if I can smell anything or see anything. I can't do either. I DO hear dogs howling and barking like mad again.

So I go back inside and up to my office to flip on the TV because it's 11 PM now and the news is coming on. First off the bat is a BREAKING NEWS: Explosion in Tipton County at the Howard/Tipton County line! They had a caller from Kokomo on the phone. She said that someone reported seeing 2 bright flashes of light and then the explosion happened. And the report said there was MUCH debris strewn about the area. NOW they've come back on and said the FAA in Indianapolis reports NO MISSING PLANES!

I am here to tell you right now, that explosion has something to do with the military and that bright amber orange light I saw tonight. I SAW the LIGHT! I SAW the JETS SCRAMBLE AND SWEEP THE AREA AFTER THE LIGHT DISAPPEARED. I HAVE A STRONG FEELING THOSE MILITARY JETS AND THAT BRIGHT LIGHT HAVE SOMETHING TO DO WITH THIS CRASH. I WITNESSED SOMETHING TONIGHT. I have been thinking about skywatching all day today. I knew I was going out tonight and I had a strong feeling I was going to see something but I didn't think it was gonna be like this! I tell you there were at least 10 military jets sweeping that area after the light appeared and they were flying without their wing lights on. Something was up and I HAVE NO DOUBT this crash is related to what I saw
