{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-24 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5549438.json","updb_database_id":5549438}
V-shaped object flying slowly at low altitude almost silently towards McDill AFB

I was in our backyard looking southward at the stars in the clear sky after huricane Wilma when I saw what appeared to a dark (charcoalist) and completely unlit triangular shaped object moving slowly away and to the south at a relatively low altitude (approximately 1,000 to 2,500 feet).

As I focused on the object and my eyes better adjusted, I sensed that the edges of the object, which seemed to be almost sharp and thin, tended to blend in and out with the background sky, although I could still follow the object because of the way it distinctively blocked out stars in th e background.

My eyes adjusted fairly quickly to the low light of the sky and stars, and I could determine better that the shape was more like a "V" but with the arms of the "V" slightly wider than the character "V" but not quick appearing to be a 90 degree angle. Viewed as a "V" and not a triangle, I got some impression that the legs of the "V" where connected to make the "V" a triangle (no center opening), but this area seemed to blend in and out with the background stars.

The bottom surface was almost flat, but with a series of ring-like protrusions running along the "legs" of the "V" shape and pointing downward. Each ring was approximately 75% of the width of the "leg" and seemed to protrude significantly and appear very dimensional. There were approximately 4 to 6 equally spaced rings along each "leg" starting at the end of each "leg" and each centered within the width of the "leg." There were no other distinguishable details on the bottom.

As I watched for 30-40 seconds, I became more and more aware of a medium-low frequency hum and slight whoosh sound directly from the object as it moved away from me. The evenly balanced (harmonically) sound was remarkable quiet and consistant, not increasing or decreasing, during the entire viewing. As I focused my eyes on the object, the sound was easier to hear as if I was able to focus on the sound source.

The general direction of flight seemed to be towards McDill Air Force Base, but a little more east of it. The object never changed direction and remained at a unexpectedly slow speed. At no time did I feel I could identify the object. 

I did consider what what others could consider it to be and tried to think through a comparison. In comparing to a B-2 Stealth Bomber, I determined that the trailing edge seemed straight across (not zig-zagged) and the angle of the "V" less (70-80 degrees versus 90 or so for a B-2). It also seemed longer than a B-2 and moved at a much slower speed than a B-2 even on landing approach. After careful inspection of pictures of the underside of a B-2, I am clear that the object was not a B-2 and, in particular, the rings I observed on the bottom of the object bear no resemblence to a B-2 whatsoever.

After 40 seconds or so, I was still able to see the object blocking out the sky and stars behind it, but the details of the rings on the bottom were not as noticable and the sound was fading away.

I called for me wife just inside the back door to come out and look. I stopped looking at the object for less than 5 consecutive seconds while directing her to come out, but by the time she came out (less than 10 seconds), I could still (but barely) see the black outline against the stars but I could no longer hear any sounds; she never saw or heard it. After about 50-60 seconds I could no longer see it, although based on the direction and speed it did not pass over a horizon to me or behind buildings or obstructions.

Recap/Notes:

I first noticed the object because of the way it appeared so black/gray against the stars and it's relatively low speed comparatively. The rings on the bottom were particularly unusual and unlike any aircraft I have ever seen or read about. While I studied the rings for 5-10 seconds, I became very aware of the very low, hum/whoosh sound coming from it. The complete absense of interior or exterior lights or lumination or reflections was also noteworthy.

Every comparison I tried to make to known aircraft I dismissed instantly as particularly different, not just "not quite the same."

Overall, I'm feeling somewhat concerned about this observation and its implications, which is probably why I'm making this filing. I have an engineering background, have been an aviation enthusiast for a long time, and am a keen and detailed observer. Although I would prefer to have this object turn out to be a B-2, the only possible aircraft I am aware of it was similar to, it is NOT like the B-2 or ANY aircraft I know about produced or even just developed since the late 30's around the world.
