{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-20 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5481438.json","updb_database_id":5481438}
{rjl} Following Rt32 northbound, went right over my head. I got out of the car and watched it.

We used to live up on a hill about 5 miles (as the crow flies) from where I live now. We used to sit on the back patio and watch a UFO (just like this one) play on the horizon, to the south, over the city of Athol, Mass. It would dance around for hours and hours without landing, it would strobe and roil all kinds of right colors, get extremely bright, get extremely dim, shoot across the sky over the Brattleboro, VT area, then return to its favored place over Athol. Then one day, it just sort of stopped being there all the time. We were basically capable of watching it anytime we wanted from about dusk-onward for the entire summer of 2013, though. It became commonplace, as crazy as that sounds. And then it wasn't there anymore, or at least definitely not regularly.

Since those days, I've actually moved in the very direction of Athol, Mass, still within the state of NH, about 2 miles off the border with Mass. Our road, rt.32, is actually called "Athol rd". Follow it, and you will be in Athol in about 15 minutes.

Tonight I was coming home from work at about 10pm when I turned left onto rt.32 from rt.119. Instantly, a little ball of fire hovering in the sky caught my attention directly ahead, toward Athol. I immediately became suspect, but also wanted to make sure it wasn't a hovering flare that someone might have shot off, or something.

The fire was much more dull than a flare; it cast no light on anything. As I moved south toward it, I realized it was moving toward me. I made very sure that it had no blinking "FAA"-type lights. As soon as I was content that it did not, I stopped the car and killed the engine and lights right in the middle of the road (it's ok, we're extremely rural). I fumbled for my phone and tried to get it unlocked so I could take video, but I failed to do so in time.

The object was exactly the same thing we used to see dancing on the horizon over Athol, but now it was passing directly over my head in the pitch darkness. I would estimate that it was no more than 400 feet in altitude, seemed to be following rt.32 north toward Keene, roughly, and was maybe the size of a subcompact car. It was moving...probably about 35-45mph, land speed. When we used to watch it moving between Athol and VT, though, it would dart very quickly, covering 30-40 miles in just a couple of seconds. It can really move when it wants to. Tonight though, it was just very subdued, slow, moving willfully but not fast at all.

I was able to get a really good look at it, as it went right over my head. It was pretty much formless. It looks like a splotch of hot-pink fire, with hues of orange, and subdued/dulled flashes of blue and green. It was perfectly soundless; dead silent.

I rolled down the road hoping to find my friends at their campfire pit, where they surely would have seen it cross over their property. They were indeed sitting at their campfire pit, but they had no fire going and were facing in the wrong direction. It passed literally about 300 feet behind them only a minute or two before, and they didn't even hear it. I think it should be noted that this is also the only time I've ever come here to find them facing in the direction they opted to face this night. Any other night, and they would've been facing in the direction of the object.
