{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-08-14 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288438","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/438/mufon-5288438.json","updb_database_id":5288438}
Observed a large black triangle shaped object hovering over the Pee Dee river in close proximity tp the electrical Dam.

Observed a large black triangle-shaped object hovering over the Pee Dee River in close proximity to the electrical Dam. I observed the object hovering, then began slowly drifting to the West eventually overflying my position continuing in a western trajectory. When the craft overflew my position, I estimated it to be an extremely large craft estimate size of 300 ft. I and my cousin both observed an unusually bright light that appeared to be hovering over the dam near the Pee Dee River. My cousin asked me what did I think it was? I told him that it was probably an airplane heading in our direction which made it appear to be hovering. Then we both noticed that the object appeared to be stationary in the air. I then told him that it was probably a helicopter in a hover over the dam. We proceeded traveling East on Hwy 73. The closer I got the object, it appeared to something other than a helicopter. That part of Hwy 73 East is in a very rural, quiet area, If the object we were observing were a helicopter, we should have been close enough to hear noise from rotor wash...yet we heard nothing. I being a person of logic, then attributed the craft to be a blimp of some sort, but couldn't find a reason for a blimp to be hovering over the dam. At that time I decided to pull over to satisfy my curiosity and to try to determine what it was that we were observing. As soon as I pulled over, the bright light at the front of the object went out. It was obvious to me that we had been spotted by a person or something inside of the object; I was of the opinion that the occupants of the object were deliberately trying to hide from us. When I exited my car, I saw the dark underbelly of the object. it was huge. I could tell due to iy blocking out the stars above. I vaguely recall other people who pulled over to observe it too. The funny thing is that I do not recall talking to them about what we all saw. I do not have any recall of what happed the rest of that night. I am somewhat afraid to find out, but I feel that jt must be done. Can you help me to find out?
