{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-04-10 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478059","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/059/mufon-5478059.json","updb_database_id":5478059}
{cak} Clouds on horizon lit up blue and in less than a second traveled about 50 miles and a brilliant blue UFO emerged in the clear sky about 1 mile in front of my car, hessitated and took off in a 30 degree angle over Lake Tahoe.

I was driving toward Carson City, on Spooner Hwy. from Lake Tahoe, NV about 9 PM around Spring or Early Summer 1992 in my convertible with the top down when at about 10 O'Clock on the horizon (estimated distance of 50 miles or more when the clouds lit up a bright blue and very swiftly an object traveled to about 1 O'Clock in front me, emerged from the clouds into a star lit sky about 1 mile or so in front of my open air convertible while I was driving about 50 MPH. The object had 2 or 3 egg shaped observatories and glowed from what appeared to be windows a "very brilliant plasma-blue". It seemed that I was able to see creatures manning the controls as if hovered in front of my car. It was the bluest color I had ever experienced in my life. The object stopped silently, hesitated briefly (hovered) about 1 to 2 seconds and took off at an incredible speed at a 30 degree directional change (silently) over the mountain toward Lake Tahoe. 

I never bothered to report it as I had no cell phone at the time and my first thought was: "Why would the government be flying secret military aircraft over Carson City at 9:00 PM for everyone to see." Then I thought, "I believe I saw a UFO or a Time Machine traveling through our dimension".

I have only told close friends and acquaintances of my encounter with this object. It looked to me as very "unworldly" and akin to or closely resembling objects that were depicted in Hollywood movies such as "Close Encounters of the Third Kind".

I know that this information is long overdue to report but thought it might be of interest to MUFON. 

I truly believe that the universe is so vast that there is undoubtedly life throughout the universe and that we are being visited, monitored, explored and have been for thousands of years. Seeing is believing...!
