{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-04-18 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486059","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3079,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/059/mufon-5486059.json","updb_database_id":5486059}
{nd} Unusal object low in the sky and traveling very slow

This is a refiling of what I saw sveral years ago. My original filing was not accepted b/c the site wasn't taking new UFO reports at that time. My first report was very long and detailed. Now years later, I wish to refile my sighting simply b/c I can not stop thinking about what I saw that morning. Quickly, I was working as an inventory manager for USATA TMDE near Letterkenny Army Depot outside of Chambersburg Pa. I was the first at our duty station as usual that morning 0445. Since most gov't operations run on coffee, that was what I did first, plug in the pot to preheat it. There is a small window near that area facing east and it was at that time I noticed a light to the NE. Maybe not unusual since Harrisburg International Airport is in that general direction. It takes 6 minutes for the coffe pot to heat up enough to brew coffee. So I went to my office to check email etc. After about 6 minutes, I returned to the break area to make coffee. While the coffee was brewing to noticed the light I saw earlier appeared to have moved maybe a click or two toward what to me looked due west. Takes about 2 minutes for the pot to fill and I grabbed a cup and walked outside smoking area to get a better look at the lights. I could tell it was moving but very slow and slow to the ground but still maybe 25 Km (clicks)out. I watched it for maybe 25-30 minutes before I started to get a little freaked out by what I was seeing. It was coming slowly toward our Bldg low in the sky and absolutely no sound. The 3 lights flashed off and on in no order and in no change of bightness. At that point, I decide I go get my camera from my truck hoping to get some pictures. The thing just kept coming low and slow. Hoping to get a good prespective of size, I took the first picture as it past next to the bldg 50yds to due north. As it flew over that bldg, maybe 1-2 clicks out it sped up 2X climb and banked sharply to the north. It then leveled off maybe 2-3X the original height slowed down and continued to fly back in a general north to north east path. The whole sighting was over 45 moinutes in duration. I did pull the SD card from the camera but sadly the camera is a piece of junk and the pictures were not clear at all.I have been around a lot of aircraft. I have worked on Patriot and Hawk ADA systems, and have held a high security level access. Honestly this "thing" does not fit any known aircraft in my opinion.
