{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-04-09 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485059","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/059/mufon-5485059.json","updb_database_id":5485059}
{rjlObject was first seen coming from the direction of the airport. As it got closer a bright light appeared looking straight ahead of the craft in the direcdtion of travel. Then the light pivioted downward and took off so fast towards lookout mountain.

A friend and I were walking to my house to work on go-carts. We lived in a neighborhood called, Stewart Heights in Chattanooga, Tennessee. As he and I walked up the hill on Social Circle and the intersection of Lockwood Drive we could view the airport off in the distance on this very clear evening. What we throught was a small aircraft coming in our direction as we stood on to of the hill on the roadway, a beam of light could be viewed by both of us and it continued in our direction when the light pivioted down as if focused on the ground. Both of us realized there was no noise and I should note, that was not the typical path for aircraft taking off or landing. My friend took off runnning as we saw it pass by us overhead about 500 feet,heading west and then made a very sharp left hand turn over Lookout Mountain. My friend ran home, I ran home screaming as I entered the house to my folks. I guess they thought I lost my mind. The next day we had to take our dog to the vet and the receptionist stated just how clear the night was and that there were several reports of a UFO over Lookout Mountain that evening. My dad looked down at me and just had this big grin on his face.
There was no one to report things like this to to my knowledge back in the mid to late 60's and of course, friends of ours laughed at us. To this day I am reluctant to talk about the event, but I know in my heart it is true and did happen to me and my friend. That friend of mine moved later to North Carolina and I know he probably remembers it just like I do to this day.
I wished that someone would take a look at the area I described herein as you can now do on the internet so you can see firt handedly what we saw then and the travel the craft made back then.
Standing on that roadway the airport is east, passing overhead it traveled west and then made the hard left turn.
