{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-01 22:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492059","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/059/mufon-5492059.json","updb_database_id":5492059}
{jpg} Bright green orb ascended and hovered several mins during electrical storm. Some kind of natural phenomena?

At home. My house is near the top of one of the highest hills for miles, with views over a wide area. 

Just before 11pm I Took the dogs out for their last wee and noticed extremely bright lightning. No thunder (that I could hear) very warm night after one of the hottest days here for a long time. The electrical storm made the news.

I took the dogs back inside and returned to the garden to watch the lightning. I was trying to catch it on film and texting friends.

Whilst filming I noticed a vivid, bright green ball of light near the ground SW of me. Bear in mind I'm higher than the surrounding area so I was looking slightly down on it. I'd estimate it to be somewhere near the top of the hill, across the valley I look across to. 

I didn't see where it came from but as I watched it was slowly ascending. The light was unwavering, not pulsating or flashing. It was like a green traffic light. 

I turned to film it rise, but it's hard to make out as I was only using my iPhone. You can see it's moving in the video.

I then took a few pictures, some zoomed in. Again, they're not very good.

I called my girlfriend, who watched it with me for less than a minute. I carried on filming the lightning, still watching it out of the corner of my eye, when suddenly it vanished.

There were no clouds between us and you can see from the video it's between me and the storm.

Throughout, there was no noise. There was no thunder and it was fairly quiet. It was not a helicopter.

Hard to tell size as it was just a light. Duration is difficult to say as I didn't check, but minutes rather than seconds. I'd estimate 5 minutes.

I posted a pic on Instagram and someone down the road (who was also posting lightning pics) checked theirs and various objects show up in their pictures. I'm not sure if this is the same, but the direction and time is the same. 

I presume this is a natural phenomena as it occurred during a storm, but the storm was a few miles away. I'm aware of the other possibilities but I'm stumped. I just wish I'd had a better camera on me.
