{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495059","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/059/mufon-5495059.json","updb_database_id":5495059}
{dr}low altitude red lights

I first reported this event on Dec. 16 2014. I thought I received a confirmation that you received it but wanted to report some additional info and I can not find an email confirming that you received my report so I will start over.

Sometime in Feb. of 2014 I was camped in my RV in Owl Canyon just north of Barstow. I was sitting at the front windshield watching the stars when the first light came into view over the ridge to the SW. The RV was facing south so the lights were moving directly in front of me toward the NE. The lights continued to appear one after the other until all of them were in view. To my left was another ridge. When the first light reached a point about half way between the ridges I began to hear a faint but clear whirring sound. The first thing to come to mind was the sound I have heard from a blimp. Within a few seconds and as the string of lights grew longer I thought it might be an ultralight craft pulling the lights with a tether. I discarded that because there was absolutely no wavering to the lights as they remained in a straight line and maintained position related to each other. The dots blow show the position of the lights.

              .  
  NE      .  .  .   .  .      SW
             .

They were moving right to left and maintaining the relationship to each other as shown above. The lights were all red and the last light to the right also had a blinking red light. I could not see a structure, only lights. Since first reporting this I have done some research on Owl Canyon and it is about 2000 ft between the 2 ridges. The formation covered the whole distance so this would mean the lights were about 400 ft apart from one another. I watched this for about 5 minutes so the speed must have been around 5 mph. I estimate the altitude at 300 ft. The lights appeared to be perfect squares somewhere around 12 ft x 12 ft. As the last light reached the ridge on the left then they all turned bright white except the last one which remained red. After a few seconds they all simply disappeared. At first I could not believe what I was seeing but over time the more I think about this I am convinced the lights were attached to each other in a rigid structure. I know what I saw, I just don't know what it was. One other thing, after looking at a map, I see that Edwards AFB is directly to the SW of my position at the time.
