{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482059","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/059/mufon-5482059.json","updb_database_id":5482059}
{jpg} My son noticed 2 lights under a black triangle hovering still above him while sitting on the back porch of house on night august 2007 - he took 6 flip phone pix and it asceded straight up until not visible

My son and (and my daughter was in the house may also have seen it) was sitting on the back porch of our house in Melville LI in (late?) August 2007 at night (after sundown - it was dark). He happened to notice 2 bright bluish lights hovering above him as he sat. He believes the lights were under a triangular object. But it was black and hard to see. It was still and probably 100 or more feet up. He decided to take out his flip phone and take pictures. He took 6 pictures in all but mainly you can only see the two lights. I tried to enhance them but with not much luck. But I am attaching them anyway. The last two pictures are the ones that are smaller as it is ascending straight up and out of sight. Normally during the day small aircraft are allowed to fly over our area but not at night. I called the Farmingdale airport to report a craft may have been flying in a restricted area/time and asked them if they had anything on radar. They said that they had not seen anything on radar (we are only about 3 miles from the airport). I tried to enhance them at one point for more detail. It was so long ago I don't even know if these are the enhanced ones or copies of the originals (the dates on the file are from Nov 2007 and are not the original times from August so they are at least copies). These look to me more like the original un-enhanced images because I remember when I enhanced them digitally it seemed a triangular shape became fairly evident. But here are the images. I was in the process of reporting a few (past) sightings of my own (for the record) so I thought I might as well throw this in! You may have better enhancement techniques. The first 4 pictures are of a similar view / distance (pix 1 thru 4) so you may be able to get something by overlaying the images etc....  best luck - I put down that there were two witnesses because my daughter was in the house and I think my son called her out to see it and I seem to remember she also saw it. This whole thing lasted only a few minutes.
