{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-11 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5513791.json","updb_database_id":5513791}
(GS) Two softball sized spheres passing vehicle traveling north two feet from the ground in roadside ditch

I was a passenger in my son in-laws pickup traveling north on Grand Forks Co Rd 17 (also known as Hwy 81) approaching 8th Ave NE. To the left (west) of us was Interstate I29. I glanced over towards the interstate and observed two round objects close to the ground traveling very fast (speed of a bullet?) northbound. These objects were approximately 300 - 400 feet from us but still between us and I29. The objects left a trail much like a tracer (prior military) but the trail pulsated, the color of those objects appeared blue. Thinking that what I saw was just lights reflecting off the vehicles windshield I faced forward just as two more round objects traveling north the same speed as the previous objects passed the pickup on our right (east) in the ditch about two feet off the ground. These objects appeared to be softball sized and had a green color to them. Like the previous orbs they left a trail like a tracer but were pulsating. The objects were traveling in the ditch next to the road.

During the sighting I had a sense of disbelief, am I really seeing this? We both had a few seconds of silence until I stated that I had seen the lights and its trail. My son in-law stated "thank God you saw it too". I felt that I had seen something significant, that I could not explain. I searched the skies for signs of an aircraft but did not see any. There were no vehicles approaching us on the road and the vehicle following us was about a mile behind us

My son in-law commented on the green lights wondering if someone was shooting at us (hes prior military too). We both agreed that tracers did not pulsate. He did not see the previous blue orbs. I looked at the time on the vehicles radio and it was 5:30PM. The objects were visable for a good 3-4 seconds but as they sped away they became of course smaller and harder to see until they disappeared altogether.
