{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3837,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5493791.json","updb_database_id":5493791}
{rjl} Driving to Pacifica Beach, shooting pictures of sea scape thru car windows.

My wife and I were visiting her sister and husband in San Mateo , California Jan.29th thru Feb.4th 2015. On Saturday morning, Jan.31, we headed to a beach in Pacifica ? , due west of San Francisco, to enjoy the
warm weather they were experiencing, and to go to the only TACO BELL, located on a beach in the U.S.A..
 We left San Manteo about 10:30am, and took a route that traveled the hills and valleys towards the Pacific coast. I sat shotgun with my brother in law, and our wifes in the back seat of his Honda. We had the windows rolled up so the wind wouldn't blow back on the ladies, and I had my camera in hand to take pictures of the hilltops and coastline as we traveled to the beach.
 I have a Canon EOS-60D camera, and shot random pics of landscapes and point of interests through the winshield and my side glass. As we got on the highway that was along the coast, and was heading down a long and steep highway towards Pacifica, I shot numerous pictures of the rugged hillside and ocean vistas. I focused mostly on the shoreline that was approx. 1/4 mile away from us, as we decended towards the bottom of the large hilltop.
 I occasionally looked at the lcd screen to see some of the pics were worthy of keeping, because of the occasional car or pole getting into some pics. We spent the day and returned, and reviewed the pictures on the lcd screen, until we returned home and I put them on my PC at home.
 I was editing the pictures with Corels Paintshop Pro 7, for color correcting, cropping, etc., When I came to the beach pictures taken from the car. I did have some bothersome reflections on some, but when I zoomed in to look at what I thought was a plane, or sharp reflection, to me it
looks like a white disc or cigar shape object. I searched the other pictures of this outing, and found others with various images near the same location on each frame, except a couple where it has moved to the north away from a hilltop. Also zooming in, there seems to be a field of energy disturbing the area around the object, like heat off a highway, or a bullet passing through the air when viewed from a scope.
 I am not ruling anything out, just wanted to get opinions of others to see if this was a craft, or reflection. Notice the sequence of the image numbers in which the order they were taken. 
 Also notice the distortion of the leading edges of the object that, they seem to re-shape in some of the pictures. 
I showed these to family and friends and they think something was there
and I should submit them to somebody for scrunity.
