{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5527791.json","updb_database_id":5527791}
Driving home and saw a star- like light out the window. It had a 70 degee halo on the top. Blue,white yellow,red, and green random lights.

I was on my way home from a bar in Hamelton with my wife. We have about a 2 mile drive home. We live about 1/2 mile away from lake michigan, and 1/3rd mile away from a hospital, so we see airplanes and hellicopters all the time. I noticed a bright star out my car window.I thought my window was making a weird glare on the top part of the "star". I rolled the window down a bit to check and the arc of light was still there. At first I thought it might be the atmosphere making a halo on the star. I watched it get brighter and bigger. I started to think it was a plane getting closer,but then I realized the color wasn't right.Maybe a hellocopter. As it got closer I could see it blinking blue,green,white,and red(kinda orange}.By now it looked like two stars on top of each other with a multi-colored,fainter,wider,band of lights inbetween them.By now I didn't think this was a regular occurence.It was about a mile away and was travelling south about the same speed as a plane.I was thinking "naw couldn't be.....but I see it ".At that moment I saw another object about 1/2 mile behind it.It looked the same as the first one but it was diferent shades of orange in color.It was heading east and then south behind the first object.I was really excited by now and kept telling my wife,"I can't wait to get home to look at it better". I was hoping we could still see it by then.
   We pulled into the driveway and I lept out of the car to see.I hoped I wasn't just nutts.I wasn't. 
   I saw both objects slow down.The first traveled slowly s.e.about another mile.The orange one ascended about twice it's distace from the ground.They seemed to have stopped.I looked around and saw a total of 5 objects appered to be spread out from east to west in the sky.I had to do a reallity check.I really started to think I might be losing my marbles.These objects looked like doubble stacked stars but were brighter,with faint bands of colors inbetween.3 were like the first one ,and the other two were orangish.To anyone who was just glancing they wouldn't even notice. I wouldn't even believe it if I didn't see them flying so close.All of them seemed to be stationary....at first look.I could see small maneuvers side to side and up and down .I still couldn't beleive myself,"I must be loosin it,there just stars,....but Icould see them flying,...I thought they were planes,.are they stars?,stars don't travel and change direction,..no,...I know I saw these things ".I was in awe at what I witnessed but I know if I ever tell anyone they will tottaly think i'm crazy.
   I kept going ouside to verify to myself that it is real. The orange one stayed put.I could see the regular stars had moved.The first object drifted to about 10 mi. s.e in 8 min(about 4 in.to my point of veiw).All others stayed put exept for small maneuvers.Stratus clouds were blowing in and I could see the first object was still visible below the clouds very clearly.
   I probably would've never reported this but my curiosity got the best of me .I wondered if anyone else saw something too today.When I looked up your site i saw a report close to the day,same state,and it looked to be very simmaler in description.May be connected.
