{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-21 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71868","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5487791.json","updb_database_id":5487791}
seen a bright orb in the eastern sky when i noticed the light being abnormal it stopped and changed direction rapidly

This sighting happened on the night of Oct. 21st 2015 at 8:50pm central standard time (Saskatchewan), My Mrs. and I where at friends place on the deck outside. I had been looking up into the eastern sky as I normally spend a lot of time looking into the night sky when we are out and about, when I had noticed there was a light moving at a rapid speed. I thought nothing of it, thinking it may be a satellite, small white light moving east. then all of a sudden as I had thought of the light being something other then a satellite it had stopped. I had got the attention of my Mrs. and our friend, and pointed out the light. it then turned 90 degrees moving south to south west rapidly, I had noticed color changes in the light when it started moving south greens and blue with a possible violet color in the mix as well but staying mostly silverish in color . as the object had moved rapidly to the south, south west when I thought about it being a UFO it had stopped again and moved in a circular motion then darted east then north then west then moved south in the sky and suddenly disappeared, thus proving it was not any sort of airplane, bird, helicopter ect. The object seemed to move and change when I directed my thoughts to it. saying to myself in my head. what are you? are you a UFO? what are you doing or looking for? can we communicate to each other? are all questions I had asked in my head but where directed to the light. I was feeling a sort of awe, I was not shocked I was not scared I felt happy, I wanted to try communicate more with it. being in the city was a downfall though. I am quite aware of air traffic over our city and this was not of normal aircraft that you would find in our area.
