{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3984,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5546791.json","updb_database_id":5546791}
Viewing boomerang from below but immediately found myself in bed with blue beam 3 pulses to the neck/shoulder area as I "woke up"

I experienced visitations regularly as a 4 to 5 year old child, with few experiences after that, I am now 31 years old.

Seems like things were always in a dream-like state from bed but I was amazed to read about certain things years later as a teenager to discover that other people had similar experiences. When I was a young child I had no exposure to anything that would plant certain concepts in my mind, especially to the detail of what I remember.

Anyways moving on to recently...

I was watching a boomerang shaped thing from below, like I was looking up at it. (this was in a dream?) something landed on a runway while this thing hovered. There was a distant vacuum cleaner/microwave sound coming from it.
then it was like I saw another craft coming in for a landing, but an object on the ground rolled out for it to connect to. Then it was pulled along the runway and I saw some type of guard person turn around and look at me. I immediately opened my eyes and was in bed, but I still heard the sound. Immediately after I opened my eyes there was some kind of blue beam about the diameter of a large honeydew melon that pulsed at my neck/shoulder region 3 times in about a 2 second instance. I could feel it, not painful, but was tingly and I know I was awake at that point. I looked at the clock and it was 3:15 am.

I laid awake on bed awake for a couple of hours before going back to sleep.

I looked at the ceiling the next day but didn't see anything unusual.

This was unique and unlike any of my previous experiences from years ago which were all similar, but even though it apparently was a dream, I was awake when the beam thing happened, no doubt in my mind at all.
I am a high level IT engineer of sound mind with a happy family. I don't know what this was but it happened, and I know there is something going on. 

3 days ago my 4 year old woke me up at 3:33 am crying and very scared, complaining that he had a nightmare about a scary man who took him into space. This bothers me because I am a Christian and I am trying to understand the nature and source of these experiences. I never really had a "good vibe" from my experiences. 
I have never reported anything to anyone before outside of certain close friends and family. anyways hope this helps somehow.

When I was a child, it always started with an array of vertical light bars moving across the wall in front of me, followed by feeling like I was sliding out of myself and floating to the ceiling. There were things around my bed doing something to my body. I have one faint memory of being submerged in a tank full of green liquid with black hose things everywhere, and other people too. One other memory that stands out is a bunch of little white guys sort of floating and sliding around in what seems like a huge very brightly lit shopping mall. They all had big black eyes just like in the typical descriptions. There were a lot of them. I was about 4 or 5.

The rest of those types of experiences consisted of feeling paralyzed after "sliding out of myself" and feeling very afraid, and feeling strange pressures on my legs or hips just before waking up. I would also always have a blood pool on my pillow and sheets as my nose would be bleeding profusely.
