{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72900","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5486791.json","updb_database_id":5486791}
Star-like UFO changed color into intensive red and then shot into space

First of all I am no native english speaker. Please excuse my mistakes.

In august 2006 (date unknown, but it was a friday) on a very warm and clear night I went out to play billard (pool) with my best friend in my town. At that time we were underaged, and had to leave at 0pm and were not allowed to drink any kind of alcohol.

Around midnight we went outside and my friend spotted an young hedgehog crossing the street, so he decided to help him, even though there is only very little traffic. 
Without any reason I felt strange, as if something would happen or something is "watching me". In that moment I spotted an clear white star-like light (size of a star) flying over the forest (Hardtwald Karlsruhe) which is 5 km far away from my position where I had the sightings. 

In that particular forest there is the Campus North of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, which was the in the past a nuclear research facility, containing the first german nuclear reactor. Now in 2015 there is still a huge storage containing approx 60.000 container filled with "low to middle"-radioactive materials. On that location there was the reprocessing plant and nowadays there a still 180kg Plutonium stored. 
at the cmapus north you can find a 200m high "weather-tower", which I was not in my sight. From the position where I had the sighting it was impossible to see that tower.

As I am very interested in airplanes all of my life I have knowledge about all kinds of flying stuff and I was curious, because that thing had no airplane or helicopter etc typical lights (strobe, nav lights, head light etc) on it.

As I was somekind of shocked about what I am seeing I did not call my friend who was heloing the hedgod approx. 10 meters far away from my position.

The light was flying slowly in a straight for a small distance and then suddenly changed its color from its clear white to an extremely intensive red (the "red" is similiar to an laserpointer on a wall in a dark room). At the same moment, when that light changed it color it became bigger (i guess approx by 30%). Just seconds after that, the object shot into the sky in an 901 angle in just a miliseconds.

Personal comment:
- I know that you'll probably get thousands of whitness reports, but I am 100% sure that this object wasn't anything humanity is able to craft. Besides the acceleration of that object would kill any human passanger (newtons law of motion)
- Just recently I underwent a eyesight test (9 years later) and the doctor told me that I have an extraordinary good sight.
- During the sighting I wasn't distracted by traffic lights or street lamps
- There where no lightsources that could explain what I saw
