{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-24 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5455791.json","updb_database_id":5455791}
{rjl} When I was moving to Phoenix, AZ. back in 2013 saw 3 hovering stationary triangular crafts with colored lights stationary in sky!

Back in 2012 at the end of summer, I was moving down to Phoenix, AZ to work, live and finish school. It was end of summer and I was driving a 16 foot moving van and towing my sports car behind it! Making my moving van like 20 feet long! It was a warm night and around 2-4 AM, when I drove right into a mess hovering over the HWY 10 freeway! I saw 3 black triangular crafts hovering stationary in the air not far above my moving van! They had colored lights on the bottom of the crafts! Various colors red, green, yellow, blue etc! They were flashing the lights back and forth to one another, there were 3 of them sitting in a perfect triangle around the city limits of Phoenix, AZ. I could not help it, but I could see clearly out of my rolled down moving van window! They were just hovering in midair stationary not moving! Just flashing to one another! They were close and I could easily look up and see the bottom of their crafts! I could not drive that fast on the HWY 10 and it took me along side the crafts, then underneath them! So I got a good up close look! I had worked around many airplanes, having worked for three airlines previously! And I know the bottom of airplanes having worked on them and around them, chocking the tires and working ramp etc in AZ previously! These were NOT airplanes! As airplanes dont hover stationary in the sky like that and dont have many colored lights on the under carriage like that! Anyway! I saw them flashing their lights and thought...WOW! How cool! Look at that! I want to get in on the fun! So I start flashing my headlights on the moving van! It was still dark outside, but I kept driving on the HWY 10 slowly 45-50mph because of my long load, and I did not want to crash or drive off the road! I was looking up and trying to drive at the same time! What I saw was 3 black triangular crafts with colored lights on the bottom or under carriage flashing colored lights to one another in some kind of communication? Once I started flashing my headlights, one dropped down to my window level on the moving van! It was flying very close to my van, and level with my window! I was trying to look at it flying very close to my moving van outside, and it seemed to be trying to get a good look at me? I kept driving down the HWY 10, and I could see the Phoenix city limits coming up, and the dawn was starting to break! And traffic on the HWY 10 was getting heavier! I thought it might not be a good idea to pull over or stop! As I had my pets in the cab with me, and I did not want to be zapped or taken up! I wanted to get to my hotel and rest! So I kept driving down the HWY 10! The thing followed me, flying less than 50 yards from my moving van window and level with it! I could see clearly! Thats when I kind of thought oh crap! They could zap you! I kinda freaked out, and tried to speed it up a bit! The craft shot straight up in the sky, and planes dont move that way! They dont hover stationary, and they dont move up and down like that! Anyway this was not any military or public plane I have ever seen before! And I had worked around many planes working the ramp etc for three airlines! I high tailed it into traffic on the HWY 10 going into the city limits! Dawn was just breaking, and I had to get gas! So it was starting to get light outside, and the sun was starting to come up! I stopped at the gas station mini mart, and parked my moving van at the pump, got out of my van and went in to pay for my gas and get a sandwich to eat! I searched the early morning sky for these crafts, I did not see anything! They had bugged out! I also saw several other crafts in Phoenix, AZ! I lived down there for over a year, three times! Each time I would see another craft or sighting of some kind? I also saw a massive mother ship hovering just over the car park and tree line at my apartment I had moved into one afternoon! It had some kind of cloaking device on it! It was massive! And it just appeared out of no where! I was sitting on my stoop outside my front door of my Apt. and under the stairwell! All of a sudden it uncloaked and appeared! I sat there just looking and staring at the thing for a good 15-20 mins! I could not believe my eyes! It just sat there stationary! It looked like some kind of transporter craft! Perhaps it was there to beem someone up? Unsure? Again I thought WOW! How cool! Then I got freaked out, thinking I could be zapped again or taken up? And who would look after my pets? I got freaked out and jumped inside my Apt and locked the door and hid! It just sat there over the car park for at least 30 Mins! When I peeked out the front door to check later it was gone? I also used to like to just sit outside on my Apt balcony, when I was working for the airlines down there! I liked to star gaze and look for shooting stars at night! You can see them down there because its clear at night! And you can see everything in the nights sky! So many stars, shooting stars. planets, everything! I also saw the string of pearls driving home from school one night in my sports car convertible at dusk! They look like glowing orbs all in a row! Like a string of pearls! I spoke with locals down there at the bus stop! And they confirmed the string of pearls sightings, AZ lights some call them! And other ET sighting stories as well! So I know I am not the only one seeing this stuff! Anyway this one guy on the bus, told me if you want to go see a real UFO go down to South Mountain, AZ and during the day you can see golden orbs coming out of the side of the moutain at 2pm in the AZ afternoon! Someone filmed them and put them on Youtube.com under South Mountain UFOs! The copy of the video is choppy and blurred now! But the first copy they had running back in 2013-14 showed very clearly golden orbs flying out of the side of the mountain! Again no plane or weather balloon! Shiny golden orb! Some local told me they belong to the greys! And have some kind of secret military base down there called the Dolce Military base, where they let the ETs fly in and land? I guess some kind of area 51 or 52? Anyway its supposed to be a secret, but locals know, and are talking about it at the bus stop! They also told me a story about this one guy down there that got taken up and abducted who was a local from AZ! And all his neighbors and family wondered where this guy had vanished to? Its like one day he just up and dissappeared! And no one could find him, or locate him? Not his own family, neighbors etc? Weird! Anyway, he was gone for several years! Then one day he just came back home! He went back to his family home and told how he was abducted, and taken to some other planet to be used as some kind of slave to work in the mines digging gold or minerals or something? He was stuck there for about 3 years I guess? Then met another guy working the mines, and they somehow snuck away, and got on a transporter mother ship that made many stops to various livable planets? One of the stops earth I guess...Phoenix, AZ I gather maybe TX or NM unsure? But the guy came back, he had a nice long visit with his family and neighbors for several months! And people saw and spoke with him! And he was blabing his story all over the place! He also carried with him some kind of long, silver wand or device of some kind? What that thing was, no one knew? But later the guy left again! Where he went no one knows? And he was gone again, maybe to another planet? Who knows? I would really like to get some more hard details about that guys story? How cool is that! If you really want to see ETs they are real and do exist! I have seen up close Grey Alien face to face! Saw him, and was awake when I was taken out of my bedroom window at my home! I felt myself being pulled in a dream like state, out the window and up into the sky! I know they are doing this to human beings, as many have reported the same thing happening to them! I have also seen reptillians up close! They use some kind of advanced hallowgrahm technology to cover their real appearance like a candy wrapper covers a candy! I wittnessed the thing go down and fail like three times! And what I saw in the sunny afternoon sunshine, was not human! It was a taling lizard! The reptillians come from the Draco planet, and have 3 set classes! The white ones are their leaders, priests and are the elite class, next are the military ones that are green in color, and the lower class ones or working class are the red or orange ones! They are highly intelligent and have like 12 strands of DNA or something, can read your thoughts, have like 2000-3000 IQ, are very strong, speak in a klingon type language to one another, and are smart as a whip and can speak in many languages, and learn and adapt to our world very quickly! They also most have slit pupils, but can shape shift into objects and other people! I was on the bus and I sat down next to one fat girl! And she got up to let me take the seat near the window! And I was speaking with her while riding on the bus! And I looked out the window for one minute and glanced back, and I was sitting next to a very handsome man with short black hair! The bus was moving at the time, and the fat girl was no where to be seen? Reptillians come in various sizes and shapes! From huge 20 foot T Rex types, to blue avians, to the green ones, white and orange ones! Various sizes and shapes! Some eat humans and prefer children, some are canibals! So watch your kids carefully when out in public! They are nice, intelligent and blend into our society very well! Infact so well, that people cant tell very easy! But if you notice someone you know well,speaking in a Klingon type language, or behaving very differnt from the person you knew, or does not remember your past experiences, like traditional family recipes, or how to drive to popular places, or relatives names etc! You may be dealing with a shape shifter! The certain way to test them, is to get them flustered! Making them concentrate on three or more things at once! Can get them flustered, and they lose their ability to hold their current shape! And their holograham goes down! And you can then see for about 1-3 seconds their true form a talking lizard! I have seen teh holograham go down like 3 times! They are very intelligent, like I said before! And they can shape shift into male or females, objects in a room, furniture if they want to! They also trick humans! And consider us subspecies! We are like babies to them! They love positions of power and authority! And like to be in charge! They hate it when a human being tries to direct them, or lord over them, or make them clean up after them, or have more luxury and wealth than they do! They like to be in charge of everything, and will try to micro-manage human beings! They also have technology that is like one hundred times more advanced than we do! Ships, duplicators, and other technology we humans dont have! I once asked a reptillain how far is it to Mars? And they responded 18 Months! Some say they are running everything? The reptillians dont like the Nordics, and vice a versa! There are many various ETs that visit earth, and live among us! I think this is the reason we are seeing so many sightings of cryptids now and unexplainable things and technology advancements! But most are very nice and who knows you could be married to one, and not know it! Do your own research, and ask lots of questions! I have encountered many at the public library, they are friendly and highly intelligent! And do seem to enjoy to share information with you, or answer questions! One shot me a star map of liveable planets, at the public library! I wish I had kept a copy of that star map! How cool is that! Well thats all I got so far!
