{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-12 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5456791.json","updb_database_id":5456791}
Hovering over ravine/park beside Don Mills Rd south of Eglinton

Driving south on Don Mills Rd., between Eglinton Ave and O’Connor, at around 5:15a.m. on March 12, 2018 when I noticed a small set of white lights in the distance over Don Mills Rd. I thought at first it might be a helicopter hovering there, but the lights did not conform to how I know helicopter lights to be, and it didn’t move at all. Then I wondered if they had set up a crane to do construction work, but there’s no way they could set up a crane at that location. It was misty/foggy that morning, and still dark, and I couldn’t really make out too much until I came closer, and realized that the small set of lights was actually positioned at the very end of the right “wing” of an “aircraft” that was situated right next to the roadway. The wing was sticking out over the roadway, and the rest of the aircraft was hovering over the ravine/park on the west side of Don Mills Rd. It was enormous, and it was so close to the ground that it was shocking. It was a boomerang shape, with rounded edges and tips, and no fuselage. The wings also tapered gradually so that they were narrower at the tips. I was driving right underneath it and lifting my head up to see out the front of my car window. It was a battleship grey colour and the first thing I thought was that it must be some kind of military transport aircraft or something. It was built like a tank, and left me with the impression of something military. Next, I wondered how it could even be there, and so close to the road and apartment buildings, as it was incredibly huge. The underneath was mainly smooth with a circular ring-shaped object at the point where the two wings meet, and some other “nuts and bolts” kind of objects I can’t remember very well. I do remember one small, square-shaped object near the middle of the right wing. The whole aircraft was facing north/north-east, and I had the impression it was gliding very, very slowly in that direction, if it was moving at all. There was absolutely no sound. It seemed to be just floating there. I don’t think I would’ve even noticed this thing if it hadn’t been for the small lights at the end of its wing sticking out over the roadway. If not for those small white lights, which seemed to be the size of normal airplane lights, the object was completely invisible until I was practically right underneath it, and looking up at it. I still can’t believe how large and silent it was, and how it could be just floating there so close to the road. I expected to read something in the news about this thing at some point, but there have not been any reports at all. It was still there as I drove past it, and I don’t know how long it remained there.
