{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-11-15 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524791","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/791/mufon-5524791.json","updb_database_id":5524791}
A Disk, 2 Orbs, and a Laser Light show!!!!!!

On the night of November 15th, opening day of Deer rifle season, the year 1997, I was camped out in my van about a mile across from the cellular phone tower outside of Deep Water MO. It had snowed slightly in the early morning hours, barely an inch. The daytime temp. was in the teens. After a fruitless day of hunting I retired to my van to grab a bite to eat and warm myself with some hot coffee. As it gets dark by 5:45pm, I was just sitting in the van in a pull in, facing a growed up field imagining that a big buck would cross into my view. The old boy I was after. As one has nothing much to do but plot out the next days plans, I was just thinking of my game plan. While looking out my side window through leaves near a tree I was parked next to, I noticed some lights in the distant sky shining off and on. And now my story begins in all earnesty. I am I think a man's man. I do not fear much on this earth, yet what I was about to have happen to me, being mentally unprepared, would change my way of thinking and/or life forever! I grabbed my binoculars, wallet, and a 9mm pistol I had, not wanting to leave them in the van. I put my pistol in my waist holster, and my coat on to step out in the road to view what I thought was a helicopter about 3/4 to 1 mile away over the dark treeline. As I couldn't quite make out the lights flashing on this object too well, I walked down the road to where it curbs about 70 yards from the van. The road heads out to my left towards the communication tower mentioned earlier, behind me it ends at some rocky bluffs that people like to fish alot from, towards HW 13 out of Clinton, MO. When I focused my Nikon 8X40 binoculars on the object again, with and without my glasses, I could just make out what appeared to be a dish like form, a red flashing light on the middle top, and what looked like strobe lights flasing in the middle of the object in a circular and uniform manner. I could not hear any sound at that distance, but looking at the object and judging its movement if any against the dark tree line, I came to the conclusion it was hovering and/or stationary. I did think this was odd for a helicopter to be in that area and no sound whatsoever. And in that frame of mind, all I was doing was wondering what could be the purpose. Little knowing that my quiet evening was to take a sci-fi turn out of a movie! As I was just standing watching this object, I happened to look to my left, down that section of county road, possibly 1/4 mile in length and was shocked to see a blue like, lazer beam of light come from the SW horizen and make a 90 degree drop straight down to the earth, which seemed to be at the end of the road I was standing on. Standing on mind you! I may have not put as much thought into what the disk like object I was looking at seconds ago, to be no more than some sort of man made craft, helicopter, etc, but this lazer light as you can guess made me take a very profound interest in what was happening around me in the star filled, cold, dark heavens! I gazed intently in the direction of that beam of light which made no sound, yet didn't see anything. I then put my binoculars on the disk like object and saw that it was still in the same area and still flashing its lights the same as before. After what seemed like 5 minutes, out of the corner of my left eye, another blueish lazer beam of light appeared from the same area of the horizon from the SW as the 1st beam, and in the blink of an eye it stopped halfway down the road, above the tree line next to the road I was standing in. I can only describe this Orb as one might say to be somewhat egg shaped,fuzzy in color, white around the edge, with a pilot flame like bluish tint of color, taking up 80% of the middle diameter. The hair went up on my neck and head as it very slowly, yet quietly seem to be floating down the tree line towards me! I seemed to instantly forget that I had a fully loaded 9mm pistol in the back of my waist! I was very proficient with this firearm, yet the fear that seemed to overcome me made me even lose touch with the very ground I stood on. I was as one might say, revitted in place. I quickly looked back at the disk and it was still there doing the same thing as before. In turning quickly back to watch the Orb float towards me down the tree line, I tried to judge its size by taking my hand and encircling it with my fingers, I judged it to be at arms length about the size of a golf ball or slightly larger. In the process of doing this I also judged the height above to treeline to what one might think as 40 ft.or so. I cannot safely say that this Orb was directly over the tree line or just behind it. But it was in full view. After getting this info in my head it had closed the distance to me by more than halfway. By then it looked to be the size of a baseball! To say I was getting worried is an unearthly understatement! Then out of the same SW horizon another lazer like beam, and a 2nd Orb lines up directly behind the first Orb! Possibly 100 ft. or so apart. They both are floating along silently still coming towards me. As they near the end of the tree line, the curve I am standing in has a field road cutting into a grown up field that lays across their path, this I am nearly facing, although slightly to the left as I am understandably watching their immenant progress towards me. All of a sudden, in the blink of an eye, the 2nd Orb behind the 1st Orb, drops down underneath and is directly lined up as if tied together both silently coming on. I cup my ears and hear nothing, no humming, nothing! As they both cross the opening directly across from me, an incredibly bright, neon green, "V" shaped light seems to light up the star filled night sky where I had no view of anything but that light in that split second. In that light I just snapped a photo in my minds eye, was what seemed to look like a unbroken smoke ring, much as a feather would look like descending to the ground. How anyone could not possibly see this from HW 13 over the Grand River arm of the lake is beyond me. But in that light I did not see either of the Orbs. But as soon as the light was gone, what I assumed to be the 1st Orb was slowly continuing that same path over the treeline to my right. It started to slightly veer upwards at a 45 degree angle and as it was in the direction as the disk further away, which I had not looked at for obvious reasons, I took a quick look and the disk shaped object was moving away over the far tree line in the general direction of Clinton,MO. Much the speed as a helicopter would. As I then looked back and up at the Orb it was still at a 45 degree angle and all at once, like the starship Enterprise of TV fame, it left in the only way I can see and think it! (IN WARP DRIVE) to Infinity and Beyond! A blue lazer like tail, with the Orb at the front, which move so quickly, that the tail was taken along with it and it looked to take its place in the stars of the universe and become a star! That is the only way I can describe how fast it moved and how long I saw it.

After watching and going thru all of this, what seemed to be an afterthought was that next to that 2nd tree line to my right was a parked, Datson like truck with a camper shell on it. I never noticed this before or fully forgot about it as the night sky was filled with these happenings! I was hoping someone was there in that area with me and had maybe viewed the same things I had. I was truly hoping that I wasn't by myself out there as I had this feeing after the bright neon green light filled the night sky, something had landed. How far away, I had no idea! Maybe someone was sleeping in the truck, in the back of the bed. I told myself to stay calm and go to the truck and look around, and if I saw them in the cab, as I had a small mini-mag light, to light my way to them to show I was there. But what if there was no one there? I eased up to the cab, covered the light just enough to look inside, and saw blaze orange apparel and a hunting rifle. Could this person have gone into town with friends? Was he sleeping in the back? I took a chance hoping I wouldn't be thought of as someone out to rob them or do some other mischeif, and called out quietly to ask if any one was in the truck! A 2nd time, no response. Damn my luck! It was then that I knew I wasn't myself. I did not have control of my emotions. I knew what I had to say, and as I used the light to tap on the bed of the truck, I heard someone stir. Then a man asked me what I wanted? I at first tried to tell him that I wasn't drinking, nor smoking weed, but there was something happening out here in the sky and I would like him to look with me to prove to myself that it had happened as I saw it, if it was to keep on happening. I could not talk straight to him. My words came jumbled and run together out of my mouth, I was shaking like a leaf! It was FEAR! Never had I ever experianced that kind of emotion! I can still think of that moment and relive those thoughts today. Albeit with less intensity. The man came out, I cannot remember his name, and talked with me and we watched the sky for over an hour, but the lights were gone. It took that long and possibly longer talking with him to feel myself actually touch the ground again. I know not his name, nor ever saw him again, but will always be thankful he was there to calm me down. He mentioned he flew back in the 50's and/or 60's and he and his co-pilot would see things as UFO's but not go thru the trouble of reporting as it would cause them problems with the airline they flew for. And that is the end of my story. I hope it will be usefull to others, and the only thing I would like to see is for someone to put on video what I saw and let others see and/or relive what I or they might have seen also!
