{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-25 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527228","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28408","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/228/mufon-5527228.json","updb_database_id":5527228}
Multiple sightings in five-minute span

This happened less than three hours ago!!!

I am a 43 yr old college Professor in Savannah. My six year old son and I had been playing in the park today. We were riding push-scooters, playing frisbee, and enjoying the lovely afternoon/evening for about an hour and a half. We walked a friend to her apartment adjacent to Forsyth Park. We then headed across the park toward our truck to go home.

I was the first to see and point out a boomerang formation of 7-11 star-like lights. They became more clear as they went almost overhead (the flight path when the object(s) were most overhead were at 1 a clock West (angle relative to us). We were both baffled. 

The light formation was heading directly north (I google mapped when I got home to get a clearer sense of the direction they are going relative to the park which is exactly rectungular). Exactly north!

The formation of lights on the boomerang were not exact, but almost (in terms of exact distances from one light to the next spread through the boomerang formation...they were a little irregular. However, they were clearly in a boomerang type formation. We observed this formation fly in a very straight smooth direction due North. The observation of this lasted, I would guess, 12-15 seconds, until the boomerang formation became obscured by the atmospheric cloudiness and trees. 

The part of the park we were observing from allowed us to see a lot of clear sky without interruption (an open and large grass field). Our view of the boomerang formation was (using clock hands as description of angle relative to us) was from 10 a clock to 2 a clock (we had a wide field of vision from our vantage point). 

It was almost completely dark outside. The sky above us was pretty clear and one could see stars clearly. From a distance, the atmospheric haze (toward the horizons) made the boomerang formation of lights dissipate as the lights entered from and then vanished toward the horizon.

There was no noise of airplanes or helicopters. 

Then we saw the same thing happen again about half a minute later!! Same formation type, same approximate size, same direction, same rate of speed. I couldn't tell distance clearly and I could not tell if solids connected the lights or if the lights were independent. Within the formation they seemed fixed. My guess is that the boomerang formations were at least half a mile to two miles above us. If I extend my arm and hold my thumb out, I would say the formation would be about 1/2 to 2/3 of my thumb.

Less than a minute later we saw a third boomerang formation!

Then we saw a fourth and fifth one flying together side by side about a minute later. Same flight path...same everything!!!!!

After that (just a second or two later) we saw (I saw and then pointed it to my son who saw everything I saw) something more orb-like fly ( a single spheric light, which I think curved in flight (not flying straight). That lasted about two to three seconds and dissapeared from view because of the trees. That object was flying SE and looked much further than the boomerangs. My recollection is that this orb light changed colors several times in that short amount of time.

Then we saw a sixth boomerang formation....same everything....!!!!! I couldn't believe how many we got to see. Different than if we just saw one.

I think we saw a total of 7 boomerang formation over a five minute period. My son says we saw eight. I lost count. Only once during that time did we see more than one at a time. The time between one sighting to the next varied from 10 seconds to less that two minutes. The time we did see more than one at a time they seemed to almost touch (wing to wing). 

And we also saw (the previously described) S-E orb that we lost sight of behind the trees. The orb was not on the same flight path as the boomerangs. We saw it at 11 o'clock (angle) SE of us heading (quick curved flight pattern) aprox. SE.

Being a rational man I tried to think what they could be. I have no idea. They were too fast for migrating birds and we don't see that kind of bird formation here ever and birds don't have glowing light. They were absolutely not a planes and did not have blinking lights or make noise. 

The lights on the boomerang formation were not as bright or sharp as that of stars, although they looked somehow bigger than the size of individual stars to the naked eye.

The entire incident lasted about five minutes. I was on the phone telling a friend (the one we walked to her apartment) what we'd just seen (I was excited and needed to tell someone)...when we saw the last (seventh or eighth boomerang), she could hear us as we again were baffled, excited, (I probably swore several times in awe and excitement!).

The speed and size of these things relative to where we were standing would be like that of a big handglider 200-300 feet above us. The boomerang formations all flew completely straight and at a smooth and consistent speed. All the objects (except the orb) were almost exactly on the same flight path. All the boomerang formations were heading exactly North. 

My son and I both saw every detail that I describe. I was so glad to be able to share the experience with someone else and I can only imagine how this will stay with him the rest of his life, as it will mine.

This is not the first time I've seen very odd ufo phenomenon. When I was a child on vacation on Lopez Island (Washington State), I saw a daytime moon shaped/sized/glowing object fly at a very high velocity over my head (I read that Pres. Carter saw something very similar). I saw it alone. It lasted maybe one second.

This sighting dwarfs my childhood experience. And having a second witness gives it a different sense of solidity.

Can't think of anything else to say......
