{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286228","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/228/mufon-5286228.json","updb_database_id":5286228}
3 bright objects that moved in random zig zags then would synchronize zigzag movements with dead stop hovers.

In October 1996 at Captiva Island me and I friend were walking the beach area sometime around midnight or shortly after. I was checking out the stars because of how much of them could be seen, It was a very clear night. I noticed a bright circle/orb like light that was maybe 3 to 4 times the brightness of the stars that appeared to be moving drasticly fast up and down, then would start zig zagging and stop dead in it's tracks. 

I pointed it out to my friend who pointed that he saw it too but pointed off maybe 25 degrees from where I saw it. At this point there were 2 of these bright orb lights. I then started looking around and 30 degrees over to the right was a third light doing the same crazy movements. 

We sat there watching these 3 lights and would notice that they would all sync up doing the same exact zig zag pattern then would break off and perform non synced random movements. They seemed really far up and away and the distance they would cover seemed very far in under a second. I then found a stick and jammed it into the sand and used the tip of the stick as a point of reference which indicated to me they were moving insanely fast while changing directions in drastic angles.

We watched them for 30 to 45 minutes and talked with a local who told us that that was common to see weird lights over the ocean and that there was military air space in that direction so it could be something the military was testing. I thought for a long time that the objects couldn't be ufo's because of the close proximity to military's air space but my thinking has changed these days from the reports you hear about from the military. This was before digital cameras and cellphones with cameras sadly.
