{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-04 15:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291228","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/228/mufon-5291228.json","updb_database_id":5291228}
Star like orb shining pulsating wobbling east in a straight line descending and then going east

I was getting a run in before I go to my gym class trying to warm up my shins so they don't hurt so much when I run at class. I began my run and the pain was so bad that I decided to lay on my back and elevate my feet and legs to try and reduce the pain. I looked up in the sky on my back and immediately saw a twinkling undulating star going in a straight line from west to east. It was slow, no contrails, and kept glimmering on all sides. I thought about running back to the car to get my cellphone, I don't carry it because it's too heavy for my workout shorts. Anyway, my legs were in so much pain I decided to just relax and enjoy the sighting. I watched it come across the sky and right when it was over me and then slightly thousands of feet? to the left in its own altitude I tried to talk to it, project my thoughts, it didn't respond to any of them, so I tried to just concentrate my attention on it without thinking and then It began to fall from the sky just like a leaf, and in a matter of seconds my depth of field changed and what appeared like a pulsating basketball was only 20-50ft above me the starlike object was like a pulsating golfball and I felt like it was lightly descending to me. This happened for a few calm and collected seconds. I could see that around the point of light was a faint orb or circumference of transparent light. It almost looked like an invisible plasma ball toy, the ones you can put your hand on the glass and see the electric current touch your fingers. Then after another few seconds, my depth of field began to change again, and It seemed to be thousands and thousands of feet back upon its original path, it didn't really deviate from the path. It was some kind of illusion but I assure you, It seemed just as I described. Then I watched it head east (probably really fast considering how high it was). and at about 40 degrees above the horizon to my left, it just blinked out of space and was gone. The sky was totally clear, blue, with no clouds. Very very high object.
