{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494228","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/228/mufon-5494228.json","updb_database_id":5494228}
{nd} just before sunrise two beings watched it take off

I was filming the sun rise at top of the hill. My street bike had mechanical problems so I left my camera to film the sun rise. it was dark when I got there but on a near by hill I saw what I thought was a really big round turn signal. I did not give it much thought, As it became lighter I saw there was a huge plume of smoke going out wards and up. I watched it for a while (camera still recording it) I noticed two of what I thought to be a random couple watching the fire and the sun rise. One moving very quick back and forth like it was nervous one of them was much taller than the other. they where on a hill top to the right of me on the back side. I did not realize what was going on until I was about to leave. The sun was up and I could see very clearly what ever was in the middle of the smoke and fire took off shot of the hill at a 30 degree angle hooked a right at almost 80 degrees then traveled upwards path that just so happen to go right above me ( all on camera). It then started to dawn on me of what was going on. I looked down to where I saw the strange couple. I was wondering if the had seen it. That's when I knew I needed to get on my bike and get [Item Moved/CMS/nd] outta there they had come around the trail and I saw what they where they had long what look like legs or more like long arms that bent out wards when they walked, They where wobbly when they took steps. They had short upper body as compared to the wobbly legs or arms. I know what a human looks like from that distance they where much bigger. let me be clear about the legs because that all they had no arms. However the tracks they left on the ground where like huge hand prints very elongated palms 4 fingers one thumb on each leg almost two feet long. There is proof about the craft taking off there was a fire reported in the paper that put it self out before the fire department got there. on mt Hamilton rd. That's like packing a fire place full of wadded news paper and only half burning. I inspected the area and what I saw was very strange it looked like everything was flash burned bottles of beer (empty) where still in one piece, A pair of sunglasses where good except the lense was bubbled the aluminum frame was ok and there was what appeared to be a white residue on some of the area like an ash but different it was not from plant life. The area where the fire happen when I was riding back from Mt Hamilton at night cleared the fog from my visor and stung my neck a bit and still smelled like fire about a month after it happen. Oh and its probably nothing but when I was walking around the side of the rd right before sun set I think they where coyotes above me but they had really long ears I saw the ears before I saw the heads. first I saw one then I saw about 8 more stick their heads up checking to see what I was doing. They where very strange looking coyotes if that's what they where. Also when I felt the heat from the burnt out area there was a low resonance that seem to follow me and drown out the sound of my bike which is very loud. It seemed to follow me almost all the way off the hill. It felt like something hovering above me plus very strange gusts of hot wind pushing my bike around. I am not crazy, I don't make stuff up I know others have seen what I am speaking of I talked to a few of the people that live in the areas around there and they can back up what I say, I have video proof and pictures. I know the area very active. I have also heard cow's screaming up there, Seen lights where there should be none been run off public land and roads by three different agency's. I do mean run off. please get back to me a.s.a.p.
