{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-20 12:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508228","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/228/mufon-5508228.json","updb_database_id":5508228}
{nd} went on back porch and looked up. did not move so had time to take a picture.

At the time I had stayed with my fianc1 at her aunts house for a few months. I had spent many nights on the back porch looking into the sky. I have witnessed a possible 12 or so sightings of things I could not explain. There was never any noise during any sightings. I do not know which direction I observed these objects(n,s,e,w) but can say it was looking towards the mountains over towers with the blinking white lights. I always seen the lights on the towers so I know it wasnt them. I will return with pictures of where I have stood, give direction and details of what was around me. Most sightings were around midnight to 2 in the morning. The more I started seeing, the more I would go out around those times. It started to become interesting and I probably did this a few times a week for a few months. I know that Fort Indian Town Gap is about 15 miles away to my right when looking at mountains. These objects where mostly in front of me looking towards mountains. These objects moved fast, in weird patterns and sometimes in groups or coming toward each other. They were always solid white. Sometimes streaks would follow. I assumed they may be falling stars but falling stars don't do what these lights did. Most times I would ignore it thinking I just may be nothing. But the day I went out back on porch I happened to look up facing towards mountains and seen these objects. I had never seen objects during the day. There was no noise, movement or other objects in the sky. Just these four dots in the shape of a square. My heart felt like it was racing. I had time to get my phone and take a pic. I probably watched them for about 30 seconds before taking pic. after I took pic, I checked to see if I got them. When I looked up, they were gone. To be honest, I hardly remember taking pic and forgot about it until I was going thru pics. To me it seems strange I would forget such a thing. it took me a few days at looking at pic to get some recollection of how I ended up with this pic. I am a believer and am not a good liar. Now I have proof of something I have never seen before. it is what it is.
