{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-20 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480949","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/949/mufon-5480949.json","updb_database_id":5480949}
{cak} Blue beam of light, suddenly on ship with them doing tests

UFOs are commonly seen in this area, especially if you're outside at night like I am. The island is close to a military base and we've been seeing the UFOs here for years. What makes this time different is they didnt just dart around the night sky like usual, but actually seemed to be looking for something, or someone.

I remember going outside and looking up at the sky. I saw the orbs, at least a dozen, which is far more than ive ever seen before. They always flash random colors, and sometimes if you shine a bright light at them, their color pattern will change. Usually it's red, green, white, blue. This time though, they were darting like crazy around the sky and my boyfriend freaked out. He told me we needed to go, but the car wasn't working right. so I just stood there and stared up at the sky.

The next thing I know, there's a blue beam of light and I'm paralyzed. After that, I remember being on a table with these creatures looking at my leg.

I had been in a terrible car accident a few months prior, and I was told I would probably never walk right again. But these creatures, they did something and told me my leg would be fine.

I wanted to believe it was all a dream. When I came too, I tried to tell my boyfriend there was a UFO outside and he needed to come see it. I heard a voice in my head say "No, we cant let you do that" and then I blacked out again.

Its been a few weeks now,and while there were never weird marks left on me,i do suddenly have two moles where the aliens cut into my leg. Which is doing much better. I dont need to walk with a cane anymore. If I keep improving, I might even be Able to walk normally within a year.

I only believed in UFOs after seeing them with my own eyes. Now I'm convinced theyre not just a light in the sky. They're here, with us. And theyre not all bad either.
