{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-28 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547949","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/949/mufon-5547949.json","updb_database_id":5547949}
A triangle of bright stationary lights in the sky east of my location.

I let my dog out at approx 7:45 pm. I noticed three bright stationary non-blinking lights to the east of our farm. They were the color of a bright street light only a little more yellow. The lights were in a flattened triangular shape and were stationary. I went in the house and retrieved my 7X50 Steiner binoculars. I observed the lights for the next 15 or 20 minutes. I could make out no physical detail in the lights. The lights then moved north slowly and seemed to spread out horizontally a little. The lights then went out either blocked by trees at the edge our fence or disappeared. I walked north to the driveway to see the area of the sky that the lights were moving toward but they did not reappear. Instead I observed two sets of blinking type avation lights at fairly high altitude moving toward each other. One appeared higher than the other (one from the east one from the north-east. I watched them for a moment thinking to my self that they were pretty close together. All during this sighting, it was very quiet...no car motors, no sounds of planes or avaition motors. I later phoned my wife in Comanche county and related the story. She said that about the time I was watching the lights, extremely loud booms were heard by herself and family. I surmised that they were sonic booms because they rattled the windows and were "felt". The lights I saw were not lights on an aircraft. They were too bright and too large. They did not appear to be search lights of any kind I have ever seen. The lights were the wrong color to be high intensity type observation lights which are bright white. I believe that the towns of Gorman or De Leon are (as the crow flies)in the direction that I saw the lights. The lay of the land to the east is too flat for these lights to be on to the ground. I was not upset by this. Mostly puzzled. I have been interested in the night sky and astronomy my whole life and I have never seen anything like this. This is a rural location and the closest neighbor is approx 1/2 mile to the south. My wife phoned me @ 5PM the next day saying she overheard someone talking in a cafe in Comanche Tx saying they had seen strange lights the same night.
