{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484949","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/949/mufon-5484949.json","updb_database_id":5484949}
{jpg} UFO observed by hundreds of witnesses

It's worth noting that on the day of our encounter, an airshow in nearby point magu had been called of by the military due to adverse weather conditions that had grounded their aircraft. My family and I were sitting around our fire-pit around 9:00pm that evening, when my youngest brother (5 years old at the time) pointed behind us and said "what's that?".

We turned around and saw a large diamond shaped craft passing over the top of the hills behind our home, headed right for us at a steady speed that I would estimate was around 60-70 mph. We all ran closer for a better look, while my mom ran inside the house to fetch binoculars. We were all fascinated as we watched it glide effortlessly just above the tree line of our property, but once it was within 300 feet of us it suddenly stopped & hovered in place, and a feeling of terror slowly overcame us. We were so close to the craft we could actually see a very bright white light through the row of windows, and what appeared to be a large room inside. Through the binoculars we could see markings similar to hieroglyphics just under the windows, however no occupants were visible from our vantage point. 

It hovered in place for 15-20 minutes before moving towards santa Barbra and disappearing out of sight. Within minutes the airspace above our property became crowded with helicopters & aircraft at varying altitudes, and they circled over head for roughly 10 minutes before flying towards the navel base at point magu. 

A neighbor drove up to our home historical with fear, pulling her hair and asking us what we saw. She told us she had seen the craft from the 101 freeway, and followed it all the way to our home. 

The next day my mom called the Camarillo air traffic control to ask if their had been any aircraft in our area, but the tower assured her no aircraft had been observed on radar. My dad was contacted over the phone by a strange man claiming to be a UFO researcher, and asked for an exhaustively detailed account of our the experience including our original drawings of the craft. When we never heard from him again, we began to suspect he may have been, in fact, an official from the navel base instead.
