{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489949","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4202,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/949/mufon-5489949.json","updb_database_id":5489949}
{rjl} observed flying orbs throughout june/july 2015 in siskiyou ca

I was at home/ place of work in northern California, Siskiyou county throughout the course of june-july 2015. I observed it/them as the setting sun approached each occurrence of the sightings. There were multiple nights I observed floating, glowing orbs from hornbrook ca, and montague ca. what made me first notice the object/objects was looking up at the sky and realizing logically that what I was seeing was not a star, and definitely no form of commercial aircraft. Also seeming otherworldly. When I first noticed it I believed the object to be otherworldly due to my deductive reasoning and the unknown origin of the seeming like what was a bonded light spacecraft of some sort. I tried to rationalize that maybe it was a star. But I started to notice as nights differed they were in different places and placements. Then one evening close to dusk, what really opened my eyes to this/these as a ufo for the first time. I observed one moving in a motion unlike any aircraft I had ever seen. One of these "orbs" of light flew over me, and drifted out of sight before I knew it. Another night I observed one fly toward my direction, it was over montague ca, then real quick went straight back in the opposite direction, where it came from. My feelings were baffled. I had come to terms I had witnessed what I believe to be an unidentified flying object. mainly my feelings were, why is this, and why/ how can, the people of this world not be informed of the other life outside our atmosphere, and sometimes within our atmosphere. Another account one evening I saw one fly over my from south to the north and the what seemed to zig zag, unlike any aircraft ability I have ever seen. But the most vivid eye opener I saw on my drive home from hornbrook to montague one evening. I witnessed a pair of these flying objects in the sky hovering in place but this night seeming like they got lower then ever, I watched them start off high over black mountain and then drift lower and lower till they drifted below black mountain, as I was heading home I saw them on the other side, seeming at a lower elevation than that of black mountain. I was in disbelief. I then realized it seemed I was driving around them as they stayed in place. I was thinking, "this is crazy". then what made me assure of this sighting, I saw a commercial airline high in the sky flying at a way higher altitude then these orbs of light. and at that moment realized I was staring at ufo's within our atmosphere, right up and close. my mind was blown and baffled that I have not been taught that these otherworldly entities exist and not only that, but are in our atmosphere, here on earth. the world should know, and generations should be told. Everyone has the right to know these other beings are out there, and probably countless of species at that.
