{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1947-06-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5176999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1t9pm6m","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5176999,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Maury Island IncidentGroup /Category 6

Physical Evidence

(Trace Cases)

Case Directory

The Maury Island Mystery

June 21, 1947

Francis Ridge:

To be honest, I haven't read anything about this case other than what Ruppelt wrote in his book in 1956,
below. The full chapter regarding the Maury Island incident is linked first below, followed by more
recent coverage from the internet. I welcome any important updates. However, since researchers haven't
seemed interested in the case for so many years I feel that any new information may be only historical
in nature, but I also have an open mind and realize that not everything Ruppelt told us was true. On Jan
24, 2006 I added some general facts that Dan Wilson found on the "case".in the BB files.

Captain Edward J. Ruppelt:

The majority of the writers of saucer lore have played this sighting to the hilt, pointing out as their
main premise the fact that the story must be true because the government never openly exposed or
prosecuted either of the two hoaxers. This is a logical premise, but a false one. The reason for the
thorough investigation of the Maury Island Hoax was that the government had thought seriously of
prosecuting the men. At the last minute it was decided, after talking to the two men, that the hoax was
a harmless joke that had mushroomed, and that the loss of two lives and a B-25 could not be directly
blamed on the two men. The story wasn't even printed because at the time of the incident, even though in
this case the press knew about it, the facts were classed as evidence. By the time the facts were
released they were yesterday's news. And nothing is deader than yesterday's news.

The Era of Confusion Begins - Capt. Edwatd J. Ruppelt

June 21, 1947; Maury Island - PBB Archive - Dan Wilson

Before The UFO Crash At Roswell, There Was...Maury Island: The Hoax On You - Ron Halbritter

Maury Island: What really Happened?
