{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-02 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107764","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5453858.json","updb_database_id":5453858}
Viewed star sized objects over 2 nights one after the other at 5 second intervals

I am a regular smoker and always go outside to smoke, I havent and will not tell this to anyone I know personnaly simply because if this was told to me I would certainly think it rubbish.. On the first night at approx 9pm while outside having a smoke and looking up at the stars which I do regularly, I was looking at the brightest star and just above that are 3 stars in a triangle, well I noticed an object that was star sized coming into view and moving across the sky and then after approx 5 seconds then fading out, but then another came into view following the same path and then fading out after 5 seconds, then another and another. then after approx 4 minutes they would do the same following one after the other at 5 second intervals but from a slightly differerant direction maybe 10 degrees and going into the same direction, thae after another 4 minutes they would start from the other 10 degrees, but always at 5 second intervals and all going into the same point of travel. At first I thought satelites but this was continuous and lasted around one hour, so many that I could not count. 30 minutes later I went for another smoke and they were still coming. When this happened again on the second night doing exactly the same and lasting another hour approx then surely they couldnt be sattelites following one after the other like that. the next thing that happened after that immediatly this very bright object brighter than any other star Slowly descended and came to a stop in the sky. It was extremly bright and I at first thought of a helicopter search light as it was that bright but there was no sound and it just stopped stayed around 30 seconds and vanished. I wasnt on alcohol or drugs etc. I know this sounds daft and unbelievable but I know what I saw.
