{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-25 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5289858.json","updb_database_id":5289858}
Object Sighted Moving Across Sky Near Nashville, TN (Jan. 25, 2021, 6 A.M.)

My First UFO Experience, Mt. Juliet, TN—Jan. 25, 2021 
My name is [removed/CMS/fgc]. I’m a [personal descriptors moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc]. This is a report of a UFO sighting that I had on Monday, January 25, 2021, which took place between 6:00 a.m. and 6:30 a.m. at my home in Mt. Juliet, Tennessee 37122--about 12 miles east of Nashville.  
				[picture of SE skyline]
At 6:00 a.m., I got up and looked out the window to the east and saw a very large bright white-blue light on the southeast horizon--our house faces directly east. It was up on the distant horizon above the two-story neighboring rooftops. At first, I thought it was like a really bright big star or planet that I had not seen before in that position, and I thought, “What is that, is it Venus”? I had no idea, that didn’t make sense to me but I just kept looking at it and it was just glowing very brightly; it really wasn’t moving at that point but I kept watching it.  
				[6-pointed ship] 
After a few minutes, I noticed that it was starting to move. That was quite a while, really, and I just couldn’t keep my eyes off of it. It was moving slowly from the southeastern sky towards the western part, as if from Mt. Juliet wanting to cut across going to Nashville but very, very slowly. And then as it got a little closer and was more visible, I noticed that all of a sudden, its shape was becoming clearer and it looked like it had six starshaped points extending from its oval-shaped body, 
three at the top and three at the bottom. That really made me think, “What is this? It can’t be a plane and it doesn’t look like a helicopter at all” and then it would stop again.  
			[final ship view] 
I would say probably in a minute or two it would move again and it got to a point where if I look at our neighbor’s house across the street it got almost to the angle of the roofline, but still at a distance. When it got to that part, it looked like the points had turned into one oblong or oval shape and then all of a sudden it dropped a little bit and I saw it briefly once more before it disappeared. I went to the west side of our house and at that point I lost track of it. The whole experience lasted about half an hour.  
There was really no sound but what I “heard” would be what I would describe as the sound of silence in the morning, like electricity, but what I felt was a lot of energy and pressure in my body like there was definitely something going on. It wasn’t a helicopter, no propeller sound. It just kind of took off fast, looking like it had just stopped, accelerated, and was going west toward the Nashville area. 
The only thing I could think of is we have a big yard here and I was wondering if they were checking us out to see if they could land. The energy felt benevolent as opposed to negative. 
I called to my wife but she was fast asleep and I didn’t want to disturb her. Since it was early and the house alarm was on, I didn’t pursue the object outside and didn’t have time to turn my phone on to get pictures or video.  
That’s my recollection. I’m not one to “see” things. I’m not saying that I don’t believe in UFO’s; I am aware of the topic. My wife is much more interested in the subject, but there’s really no doubt in my mind that what I experienced was a UFO—a first for me.
