{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-12 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5285858.json","updb_database_id":5285858}
Ufo disk with one band of revolving lights and pink “aura” flying directly over my head

This event occurred on June 12th, 2005, around 9:30 pm in the address provided. In summary, after a workout session I was resting on an extension chair by the pool in almost complete darkness, looking at the sky while relaxing. It was a very quiet night and I could only listen to insects and typical croaking in the background.

Suddenly while looking up in the sky a “humming” sound combined with a kind of “static” sound disrupted my meditative state while contemplating the stars.

2 or 3 seconds later, a round disk hovered right over my fence. 

While I was trying to figure out what I was looking at, I noticed a kind of white-pink light coming out of the circular shape. The light was changing tones like “oscillating” in sync with humming sound. Humming sound oscillated around 1 cycle per every 2 seconds.

The disk passed right over my head and continued hovering very slowly moving away from my extension chair, At this point I had the courage to stand up since I saw the object moving away and was able to see more details. My backyard was very dark so I could only see clearly a kind of a “pink” aura coming from the bottom of the UFO. Also there was one band of revolving lights. I believe I remember seeing green, blue and red lights alternating on the band.

The object kept flying very low past the neighbor’s fence and quickly disappeared. I reported the event afterwards to nuforc and never mentioned it again.

My recent interest with regards to this event, is due to the fact That while researching nuforc’s db I found a similar incident which occurred on June 1st at satellite beach, around 150 miles straight north from my location. The witness mentioned a disk with “rose light” hovering low late at night just above tree line. This incident makes me think that this UFO perhaps was seen by more witnesses.

Due to the nature of this close encounter and the technology I witnessed from so close (object was hovering like it “floated” defying most known laws of physics) I decided to report this experience years later.
