{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-18 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5500858.json","updb_database_id":5500858}
{rjl} Hovering around Crowne Plaza hotel. Penn. dir. John Ventre told me to put it on Mufon blog. I have 3 witnesses this past Friday, July 18 with their contact info of sighting a UFO fleet that follows me around the world. I live in NYC and have witne

I went to Crowne Plaza Hotel symposium 2014 Mufon conference. I've been telling Linda Moulton Howe of how really incredible I am for years of having a fleet of Ufos following me around the world. I ask her at this Mufon conference if she would like to go outside and witness this fleet of Ufos. She said that she was busy with other people. So I ask others at that Mufon conference if they wanted to see a UFO. I have three guests contact info that confirm of seeing Ufos hovering all around that Crowne Plaza Hotel Friday night July 18 around nine P.M. The three were so enthusiast that they all said that they never ever saw a UFO before until that night there at the Crowne Plaza Hotel within the surrounding perimeter that we walked outside of that hotel. When we first sighted these alien star ships It was partial clearing at first and then it became mostly cloudy skies and I couldn't grab more witnesses to introduce them to my star ships. The very next Saturday night July 19th it call for mostly cloudy skies and I could not be able to show anyone my star ships. The three witnesses from Friday night Cherry Hill, New Jersey conference went around that Crowne Plaza Ballroom where the Mufon conference took place were non stop telling everyone of my disclosure of seeing these star ships constantly moving around the sky hovering around this Crowne Plaza Hotel that Friday night July 18th, 2014 around nine P.M. I will be leaving next month for the contact on the desert to see if I can have Linda Moultan Howe tell the world that I'm her most incredible guy in the world if I ask her again to witness these star ships of August 8-11, 2014 in Joshua Tree. I met John Ventre Pennsylvania Mufon director for years and he told me to put it on the Mufon blog this past weekend of my permanent sightings of having this fleet of Ufos following me around the world. I have the contact information of these three people. I also have witnesses in the NYC area of where I come from with the contact information of these other witnesses of seeing Ufos here in the New York City area. These crafts of Ufos can be seen on any clear night skies any where in the world wherever I'm present with the naked eye. I want to introduce our world to their world and not have these Ufos groups not show any mundane about not stopping our world from really knowing the truth from too many pages hidden in our past history books of mankind and women kind history and her story of what really took place beyond the bible and many other books from ancient times throughout barriers of time, space and beyond. Julio Mariano Barriere
