{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-09 22:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5284858.json","updb_database_id":5284858}
Strange Flying Ball of Light in Sky (UFO, UAP) Near Camp Pendleton Military Base 2021

This is the one of the strangest things I’ve ever seen and captured on camera! A strange light flying and hovering in the sky…

*Edited Video with Zoom and Lighting Additions: [moved URL link]
(Attached are the RAW Video clips from cell phone)

It’s nighttime during a lightning storm off the coast of Oceanside, California on September 9th, 2021 around 10:53 pm. I notice the lightning storm and go outside. I begin to film the skies hoping to capture a brilliant display of lightning and thunder. I see odd movement through the trees in the distance at the border of the city. A strange, dancing ball of light in the sky moves back and forth, flying and hovering over Camp Pendleton Military base and the Oceanside city. It moves like many of the UFO, UAP videos I’ve seen before.

The strange light seems to react to the lightning storm, zipping across the sky after each strike. At one point, immediately after the lightning strikes, the UFO zips up into the sky and passes behind the eucalyptus trees above! I try to follow it with my camera. Way up in the sky, the flying light briefly pops into view from behind the tree tops, zooms back down to earth and continues dancing along the city line.
It is definitely not part of the lightning or the clouds, nor is it coming from someone with a flashlight or car headlights. I honestly don’t know if it’s an orb or an alien spacecraft or not. At one point in a high speed turn, the light changes shape and dims slightly. It’s extremely odd.

What is this? What is this weird light in the sky? I do not think it is a commercial drone or a helicopter, or a bug. I’m thinking it’s an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) or an Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP). It moves so quickly and changes direction so abruptly, any human flying a known aircraft would splat across the windshield from the excessive gravity forces. It’s not a flashlight or drone, as it appears to be self-illuminating and casting a spotlight on the ground. Not to mention how it reacts to electricity shooting through the sky, in the form of lightning.

The distance from my camera’s viewpoint and the point of interest is about 2 miles. I’m on a hill, filming on my Samsung Note 10 cell phone. I’m facing North – North/West towards the edge of the city and the southern edge of Camp Pendleton Marine base.
