{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-05 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75991","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5483858.json","updb_database_id":5483858}
{rjl} about 2 in the afternoon i witnessed what initially looked like an air plane but flew very slow and quiet and very low to the ground. was also able to hover and change direction quickly. made almost no sound . it sound like air being compressed

I was standing in the kitchen when I first witnessed what looked like an airplane descending from the air and I was afraid. I started to yell something. I think I was yelling something about the plane about to hit the trees. I thought it was going to hit my poplar trees. they are about 80 feet high. but before it hit it abruptly slowed down and maneuvered away from the trees with perfect agility. and then ascended back up into the sky. it was very quiet. the wind that day had been louder than the "plane" then about 20 minutes later I wanted to go out and see if there were any lower flying planes. then not more than 1- or 2-minutes past and another plane quietly and slowly flew by me at like 25 mph and was about 15 feet off the ground I think I could have touched it if I were directly under it. and it made a strange sound like air being compressed and released. then this one too flew back up over the trees and back into the sky. They both looked like a cigar shape. they had two wings on either side with what looked to be turbine type engines underneath, one on each side. I saw no windows. it was about 50 to 60 feet in length much larger than our average crop-dusting plane and much quieter as well. they were both a dull grey with no writing anywhere. my first reaction was very upset I thought military guys were messing around my house. I called my husband home from work I was so upset. he told me it was impossible for them to be so quiet and move the way I was describing, and I realized I may have seen a UFO. I have been looking on the internet for a similar "plane" and cannot find one. I hope you may be able to help me understand what I saw. Thank you.
