{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291858","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111472","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/858/mufon-5291858.json","updb_database_id":5291858}
My interaction with Ebans

The exact time frame for this experience is vague for me. I remember exactly the experience but I do not remember the exact time frame these things happened within. One thing I am certain of is that it was close to 1980.  There were two different experiences. The first one was on a night when the fog was so thick I could not see the building across the street. While looking outside at the denseness of the fog I noticed a very bright light high enough in the sky for me to know it was not a street light. My young son came at that point and wondering what I was doing, he looked out the window at the fog himself. I asked him if he could see the bright light and he said he could. We both turned back to the living room for a bit and then looked again and the light was still there where no light should have been. 
I woke up one morning and remembered having this very strange 'nightmare' (now that things have unfolded I know this was not just a dream). The thing is, there was a form of what I believed at that time to be torture, in the dream that I had never heard of or thought of before. I wondered where the thought came from that would allow that information to be in my dream. 
Just for the sake of continuity I will first describe exactly what I remember happening. 
The first thing I remember about this dream was it was night but there was a light blue tint to everything. We lived in the lower section of a four-plex that was on the corner of 13th Avenue and 13th Street and there was a small fenced yard with a gate. I had two dogs that I did not see anywhere. I was standing in the far corner of the yard with what looked like an East Indian Man. He looked like he had very weathered skin and wore a white turban. At first he said nothing to me and I remember the fear of knowing I was outside with him in the middle of the night and my children were inside. Then I saw a few more of these East Indian look-a-likes, all wearing white turbans, coming out of my door and I got much more worried about my children. I started to question where my children were. I was answered in English using mental telepathy. I was told my children were fine and not to worry. Not sure why but I accepted this answer with no question. I remember these East Indian look-a-likes spoke to each other using mental telepathy, in a dialect that sounded like gibberish with what sounded like electronic voices. Their mouths did not move but I heard them very clearly in my brain. I was not able to move from the area of the yard I was in even though I knew they had just come out of the apartment my children were in. 
The same being stayed with me the whole time I was in the far corner of the yard. At one point I was led into what looked like my kitchen and then he left. The kitchen was the room with the door leading to the yard I had been standing in. Here there was another being. I stopped at the counter just inside the doorway. I looked in front of me and where the counter normally was there was a counter but there was one difference. There was what looked like one of those pull out bread boards. You know the kind of board that you pull out of your kitchen counter sections like a drawer under the counter. The thing was that I didn't have one of those breadboard drawers. I still had no way to physically control my movement but I was now moving towards the area of the breadboard looking object maybe 2 to 3 feet from the door. This East Indian looking being put what looked like two slender chopsticks into my nose, one in each nostril and before I realized what was happening my head was pushed down from the back of my head. It was pushed fast and hard toward the breadboard. Those chopsticks went into my brain. I don't remember any thing else about this experience  I thought was a nightmare. 
I had a friend whose mother had studied the East Indian religion and knew a lot about East Indian culture and I asked my friend to check and see if this was a form of torture. I was told it was and I could not stop wondering what had brought this information to my brain. 
A very short time later something occurred that, when I look back, was the beginning of my understanding that something had actually physically happened to me. I was trying to learn to swim properly while a student at Simon Fraser University and after this experience when I went under the water I began to have some serious problems. I went to the S.F.U. clinic and after checking me out and doing some tests using a nasopharyngeal swab and it was found that I had what they thought was an inner ear infection. I did not explain the incident I still believed was a dream even though some things were making me question this whole thing further. 
Now I will tell you what I believe happened here. These were not East Indian men. They were aliens who had similar appearance. This is the only thing that explains how they spoke without using mouths. I always wondered and questioned many times why they all wore white turbans. They were not turbans. That inner ear infection was in fact an infection caused by whatever they put into my brain or the actions of taking something from my brain.
One more thing I forgot to mention about these beings is that they did not appear to have any emotions. I remember when asking where my children were it was as though I was speaking to a wall. I got absolutely no reaction back. It was just like speaking to a wall. I also remember that although terrified at the fear of what was happening to my children, I was also showing very little emotion. I was feeling it but it was like I was physically and mentally frozen. 
I feel they put something into my brain, with those 'chopsticks' and have always wondered if they can see what I see because of it. I know this sounds weird and gross but as God is my witness this is what happened to me. One more thing. I'm still here 40 years later, so they did not seriously harm me. I think they hoped, I would only think I had a nightmare about East Indians torturing me. 
The thing that finally made me understand what happened with me was recently while watching a television show with Linda Moulton Howe explaining about the Ebans. There was a painting of an Eban and that was the same weather beaten looking face I saw that night. 
There is one more thing needing to be mentioned here. Forty four years ago I began doing social and political work. I was very good at my work and in 1991 I became involved in addressing an extremely important and dangerous environmental issue. For the past 29 years I’ve been working to fix this problem and although it is taking far too long, I was even more certain about the interaction of the Ebans, when I heard of their interest in our Environment. Sometimes I feel like I am involved in a game of follow the leader with me being the follower. 
I have provided this information to you understanding your position of this remaining anonymous. This is the only incident I have posted on MUFON that I have asked to remain anonymous.
