{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68216","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5491353.json","updb_database_id":5491353}
{cak} Watched a UFO come in to land, bounce off thee ground like a leaf, then shine a beam at me and take off at an extreme rate, follow me at a LARGE distance, then loop around, come in to land again but dissappear completely with no cover.

I was driving an RV south on the California 99 freeway around midnight on the night of August 23rd, 2012. I was accompanied by about six other sleeping people and one co-pilot, awake with me. We were approximately 45 minutes south of Modesto California heading towards Chowchilla California. From the South East, heading west, towards the freeway, I noticed what appeared to be a craft, what I originally thought was an airplane, descending on what looked like its final approach across the freeway ahead of us about five or six miles away, to the ground west of the freeway somewhere. I noticed lights in a pattern not unlike that of the side profile of an airplane at night, something around the size of a piper or cesna. The lights were a bluish white and unblinking at the time. The first thing that caught me as strange was that I'd been on that stretch of road many times and I know for a fact that there is no airport out in that area. So if something was going down, it was going to be a crash landing. My Grandfather was a pilot for the air force, and having raised me, imparted with me a quite sizable cache of knowledge about air flight and planes in general. So, the object came down over the freeway, as we continue to approach it, and when it reached the ground it proceeded to bounce off of it like a kite and stick straight up in the air and hover for a few seconds, about 20 or so feet in the air. It then began to dive into the ground and bounce off it many times, and it made standstill pitch and yaw movements that i can only describe as kite like. As if there were a breeze acting on this object and it was moving in it. It proceeded to "bounce" around for another 30 seconds to a minute, all pretty much in one place, and we began to pass it on our right as we were still driving down the freeway. At it closest, on our right, it was about 100 feet away and we could see no craft, only lights. Looked like two or three on the side and maybe four in a row on front. I only say it had lights on the front because as it was parallel with us, to the west, it suddenly turned towards us and flashed four bright lights directly at our vehicle and the inside of the cockpit became a bright white blue. Next, without any warning, it appeared TO JUST BECOME a light in the same direction on the horizon, now blinking like a far away airplane on the horizon. It appeared to become a light, I say, because if it moved it must have covered over 20+ miles in an instant. There was no stretch or motion of travel, it was just 100 feet to my right one second, and 20 miles away the next. At this point my friend and I are in shock, and I have the distinct impression that it scanned us when it shone the light at us. At first we thought the object was gone and that the light on the horizon WAS an actual airplane until we realized that it was following us, parallel, at a distance of about 20 or so miles, literally on the edge of vision on the horizon to the west (left of us.) It proceeded to slowly over take us, heading south, then it crossed the freeway about five miles ahead of us, to the east, then turned around and headed west again, in a very similar pattern to the one when we first saw it, descending again over the freeway as if to land. It crossed the freeway, and went down behind a gas station and disappeared. As we passed the had station from the freeway I could see the attendant unaffected and standing motionless behind the counter, and behind the gas station where it appeared to go down was nothing. It disappeared into thin air. There was no cover and we could see for many miles on the horizon. I scanned the night for the remainder of my 2 hour driving shift and nothing else appeared.
