{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-18 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5521353.json","updb_database_id":5521353}
6-7 aerial vehicles flew very quickly over head

ok i reported this event to uk-ufo sightings web site (www.uk-ufo.co.uk) a few hours after the event, it is best i copy and paste my description to provide the most accurate description of the events instead of trying to recount all the details some 2-3 months after:

Ok id just dropped my daughter off at her martial arts class and had returned home, i made a cup of tea and stepped outside the back door of my house to go across the garden in to my summer house to have a smoke and drink my tea. Knowing that yesterday and today there1s supposed to be a spate of meteor showers i happened to glance up at the night sky, a split moment later i noticed a group of objects to the left of me, my brain at first interpreted them as meteors but they weren1t - in the split second after i initially saw them, i knew full well they were not meteors, or Chinese lanterns, birds or planes - there was approx 6-7 vehicles - not illuminated, silent and approx 60ft in the air in a tapered formation, they were travelling fairly quickly and made no sound at all, there appeared to be no moving parts, lights or anything else, they were a cross between gun metal and silver-ish in colour - although due to their speed and it being dark at the time, i wasn1t able to identify any other distinguishing features. They looked roughly the size of a car - maybe a bit bigger and stayed in their tapered formation during the event.

It shook me up and im still affected now some 3 hours later. I explained this to my partner and broke down in tears, i don't know why - all i can recount is a mixture of being totally scared out my skin and excitement. Even now recounting this event i am in tears. I am a grown man (nearly 40) and work a professional job - ive seen my fair share of anomalies - this however seemed like it was right out of a science fiction movie. 

Poster had asked:

D1u think you may may be abducted too?

Could you possibly describe the shape of the objects, were they all the same shape?

To which my reply was:

No 1 i had no recall on missing time, the only thing i can say is ive had a bad headache for a few days since, but i have suffered with headaches all my life so its nothing new to me- but other than that, nothing else.

As to the shape 1 i will give a few descriptions, to help build a picture,

You know those egg sacks you get in seaweed? well cut one out and leave a bit of an edge and sort of like that.

Kind of like 1 i know this is a common comment, but it looked domed shaped at the bottom with a outer lip around the middle.

They appeared to have a dark rim/lip and the dome shaped underside appeared to be almost self luminescent 1 grey/dark 1 maybe reflective 1 im not sure why the underside appeared to be brighter in colour than the edges.

Yes, they were all the same size, they all looked exactly the same as each other in size, shape, etc

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Since the event i have been heavily drawn into the subject of ufo's - i have watched thousands of hours of interviews, documentaries, etc and i have also studied thousands and thousands of still images. I have been able to update the posting i made above after watching an interview with Bridget Grand by Nick Pope - her descriptions of the objects are very similar indeed - in fact it helped me recall something i hadnt thought anything of at the time of my incident and so i have also pasted below my subsequent comment:

It has been a while since my sighting 1 looking back on the experience i had, i didn't think anything of it at the time 1 the colour of the underside of the crafts 1 i just assumed it was orangey in colour due to the reflection of the streetlights 1 i have since seen an interview with Bridget Grant (interviewed by Nick Pope) and she describes exactly the same ships (in LA 1 USA)1it was when she said it had the same colouring that i had seen 1 could this be the same craft? she didn't have a picture of it, but like me she had since been through a lot of pictures of ufos 1 she chose ones that looked like what she had seen 1 these can be seen in the interview 1 these look just like what i saw 1 only there was more than one and it didn't hover around 1 the ones i saw flew almost overhead at speed (fortunately).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Now present day (17-01-12) i am infatuated with looking up at the sky - my normal routines have gone, i now spend my evenings researching this subject, trying to find a rational explanation - many years ago the triangular shaped craft that was doing the rounds in the 1990's (i reported on here some years later) flew right over my head at low level - like just above my friends house on a clear sunny day- this craft, although very odd looking - perfect triangle, matt black colour, one white/yellowish round light in each corner and two small red lights in the center, craft made audible rumbling as it passed overhead slowly - this i could rationalise - as i could see clear as day, panels, bolts, etc (no actual markings/writing) - using basic logic, i determined it to be terrestrial as i reasoned that if an extraterrestrial craft came, they would be advanced enough not to be using nuts and bolts - aka my reasoning it to be terrestrial - the event in November last year however, i cannot explain.
