{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5499353.json","updb_database_id":5499353}
{nd} Seen a RED ORB UFO over the mountains near Fall City WA

At 9:30 this evening I went outside to see if I could see the northern lights. It was clear and clod outside, I had on my sweats and a light hat not planning to be out long. As I walked into my front yard I immediately saw to my right hand the N.E. from where I was facing I saw a LARGE red glowing ball in the sky that appeared as if where over the nearby cascade mountains. It looked like it was headed right toward me and as it did it was radiating a roiling effect like flames all around the outside and in the center it looked black. 

At this point it looked high like the moon but it CLEARLY was not. At first I looked as intently as I could as I thought I was seen a meteorite burning up in the atmosphere before my very eyes! As I watched it became evident it was NOT moving or if it was it was heading directly towards me hiding its direction of movement from me. As I realized it was not going to "blink out" like I tough it should I ran and got my wife Paula to see it to. 
We both watched it for a minute or two as it slowly got dimmer and them faded out. We congratulated ourselves for seeing what we thought was a one and done event. My wife went back inside and I stepped back outside to look once more at the sky to reflect upon what we had just seen when what to my utter astonishment was to see the exact same object rising vertically into the night sky this time more to the East. As it rose I ran inside to get my wife! "ITS BACK"!! I shouted, and we both ran outside to see it again!! I simply could not believe it had RETURNED! Meteorites don't come back up in the air once they've fallen! What they hell is this we are seeing?? As we stared I ran inside and got my binoculars and ran back out. My wife was shooting video with my cell phone by now.

As I looked at the object it moved erratically and was hard to fix on. At the very best I could only see what looked like a perfect round sphere of glowing light. I could not see a structured craft just the light. It was bright red with a glowing orange-ish halo to it. As we watched it, it moved around what looked like miles in the sky jumping form one point to another too quick to be seen then zooming along very fast covering greater distances in less time than any or the airplanes we watched after each sighting to compare their speed to what we saw and the planes were all slower and straight flight paths. The red Orb seemed to have no flight path until the last sighting. On this second sighting the Orb faded out the very same way we first saw it do. Now we are mystified will we see it again? 

After about 5 min or so again it appeared low on the horizon moving straight up starting out small and growing in size. This time we had our camera on a tripod and we were still not ready for seeing the Orb. This time it moved back and for up and down in a lurching motion. Then it started moving north until like the first two times it just faded lower and lower until it blinked out. After that it never returned. We came inside to review what we saw. I think if it was not a military drone then it is a genuine U.F.O. But I question the distances we saw it travel dozens of miles across the sky in the time it take to snap your fingers. None of the planes I've seen can move as fast as this object did. It made right angle moves while zigzagging back and forth and an odd bobbing or lurching motion.
