{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-08-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5504353.json","updb_database_id":5504353}
{cak} observed from miles away until it came right by us

We were at the Hopi reservation to see the Snake dance the next morning. There were no hotel openings. We stayed on the roof of a native American's home with his young grandson. The boy and my adopted son (20 years old) were both asleep. The village, Shongopavi, was on top of a mesa. You could see several miles out in the valley. I couldn't sleep. As far out as I could see, I noticed an oval shape moving toward us. It was a solid oval light, like when you shine a flashlight on the ground, only large from very far away. I kept watching the ground as the oval came closer until I could see the source of the light on the ground. I woke up both kids and said "I'm sorry to wake you up but nobody is going to believe this. I want you to see it. It was an oval object that came about 500 to 1,000 feet away from us and I think about 500 feet in the air. It made no sound. It looked like a thick piece of smoked glass or acrylic, 300-600 feet long on top of which were looked like skyscrapers, also looking like smoked glass or acrylic. They each appeared to be 20-40 stories high, with the middle one the tallest. It appeared to be an elevator shaft because one of the multiple white light (that looked like lots of little Christmas lights, only larger, moved up from the floor to the top. It moved in a straight line, making no noise and there was no smoke or fire - it just silently glided along. All three of us watched it. We could see no signs of life on it, but there might have been. It took a few minutes to pass by us and kept moving.

I came back to the reservation and saw the Hopi boy about 5 years later. I asked him if he ever saw it again. He said it came by every night for about 30 days and that it landed in his uncle's field. He and his mother pointed where it had landed. He said that it left 3 large circular black spots where it landed. I have talked to other Hopi who said they see other unknown objects at Hopi regularly. It scares them so they try to ignore them. I can provide the names of all 3 of us who saw the object. It was not scary, just amazing. I do know of another man who saw the same or similar thing in daylight not far from where we saw it.
