{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55593","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5503353.json","updb_database_id":5503353}
{cak} Triangle or Dart shape; bright metal; sharp mast 5 feet long on the nose end

On a perfect spring morning in May 2012,(No wind or clouds)I went out into my small back yard to see what my terrier was barking at. It was a glittering metallic object that appeared to be at about 5000 ft altitude. I thought it was probably a mylar balloon or something similar, and went back into the house. A few minutes later I went out again and the object was lower and I could see that it was triangular. I watched it as it descended very slowly. The triangle was rotating very slowly in the horizontal plane, but the axis of rotation appeared wrong. The motion was slow and mechanical with no fluttering or quick movement. The triangle was NOT falling; it was descending in what appeared to be a very deliberate and controlled manner.
I watched for about five minutes until it seemed that the triangle would land in my yard. I ran into the house when the thing was about 50 feet above me, and waited for the crash. I looked out the window and didn't see the triangle in my back yard as expected, so I went out again, and saw the triangle moving off to the North at treetop level and at the same very slow speed.
The object was curved on the underside much like a speedboat bottom. I never saw the top of it. The transom at the rear was inset about 4 inches, and that is the only thing I saw that looked like a seam I saw no rivets either. It appeared to be a single sheet of polished aluminum or stainless steel. There was a pointed bright red mast about 5 feet long sticking out of the nose, and attached to it was a bright red triangle that looked like a small pennant. However, it was rigid and aligned in the horizontal position. There were no marks or damage visible. The thing looked pristine and brand new. Overall length including the mast was about 35 or 40 feet. The width at the widest point was about 12 feet.
