{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-09 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2814,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5517353.json","updb_database_id":5517353}
(gs) Large very bright light in evening sky that changed from red to orange to yellow etc. no sound, no plume.

My boyfriend and I were having dinner on his deck, July 9, 2012, at about 9:15 p.m. (2100 hrs) CST. The deck faces West. This occurred over Griffith/Schererville, Indiana.
At 9:30 p.m., (2130 hrs), I was facing Northwest, and turned to look at the grill, which was a few feet behind and to the left of me. A very bright light in the Southwest sky caught my eye. I got up to check it out, as there were branches in the way. I told my boyfriend to come look at the UFO, which he did. 
In the sky, at about 10:00, was a large bright light in the Southwest that seemed to be moving, more like drifting, then hovering, while it changed colors from "Stop-Light" red, to orange, to yellow-gold, then orange again, and eventually back to red. The light flickered as it changed color, however, the lights were not following a set sequence, nor were there any aviation lights, such as strobes. 
The light had moved from Southwest to East for perhaps a minute, then hung in the sky, simply hovering while it put on its light show. it was beautiful to look at, as the colors were so vivid. The movement was far too slow to be a plane, and there was absolutely no sound, nor was there any plume or visual interference (heat mirage effect/mist etc.).
We watched it til it disappeared behind some clouds, moving Southeast. 
At first, my boyfriend thought it was a plane, til he watched it for a few minutes, then he remarked with surprise, that it could be a UFO. As for myself, I was thrilled and awed. Its too bad it disappeared behind the clouds, as I was hoping it would come closer. 
We went back to sit down and eat and then we heard a jet moving from Southeast, presumably by the sound, to Northeast. While there are several small airports in the area, and we often see and hear passenger jets, as well as choppers, and light planes, this sounded more like a fighter, but it did not change course towards where the light had been.
It is important to note that besides there not being a sequential pattern to the light color changes, that the actual display time of each color change was variable and random as well.
