{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483353","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/353/mufon-5483353.json","updb_database_id":5483353}
{jpg} This was a large object observed while at the firehouse. Traveling from east to west. It seemed to be a ball of light that glowed as though it was

I'm a fireman from indianapolis indiana. I have been a space junkie for years. The guys at the house call me the "space nerd" and come to me for answers to questions about physics and some basic info about how the universe works. I'm no expert by any stretch but I've watched enough H2 to be dangerous.. lol. Any way. The event I'm talking about was by far one of the most unusual I've ever seen. Now let me state that I have seen some interesting things during my 43 yrs, but this was pretty cool. I wish I had video but I know that you accept from time to time info without media to back the experience. So here we go. Myself and a fellow firefighter were sitting out back of our fire house in Indianapolis and were amazed at what we saw. We had just returned from a fire and were out back of the firehouse discussing the events that had just transpired (I'm speaking of the fire we had just put out). While we were in the back of the firehouse. I noticed it first, then my buddy whom I have worked with for several yrs. I looked to the sky and noticed an object that was traveling in a stight line from east to west over the city. This was a very large object for its distance, but seemed to be "flickering" or "flaming" as it moved in its direction. Now please understand that I've seen many "falling stars" meteorites in my 43 yrs. But the speed that this object moved was way to slow to be considered a falling star, also the trajectory was a striaght line.. horizontal. Not veritacal or at an angle. The time that the object was observed was approximately 1-3min and it was captivating because of how it moved and the way that it "Flamed" as it moved through the sky. meteorites tend to move quickly? This was very slow for what I've ever seen as far as travel for a meteorite. The object came into view what seemed to be out of nowhere. Traveled the direction, all the time being very bright, and "flickering". Also during travel time it finally went out of sight. Maybe it burned out, or traveled out of sight.? I'm not sure. We have talked about this several times since it happened. Because it was profound. In all my yrs of sky watching and space study, It was truly amazing to see such an event in my own backyard. Darin, I love the show. I've wanted to share this event with others outside my fire dept family for a bit now. I'm watching your show as we speak actually. Lol. I'm not a goof or someone who exaggerates stories, this was truly an amazing sight.. again... I wish I had video. It would've been great for the show. Keep up the good work.
