{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-13 01:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291086","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/086/mufon-5291086.json","updb_database_id":5291086}
swirling craft at least 1000 feet above trees, but it moved and height changed.

I have never seen a UFO personally but have no doubt we are being visited. My friend, (who is afraid to be identified) has seen what appears to be a UFO above her house in Napanock, NY for the past 5 days. In fact, it is above her house tonight but she's too scared to video it again. When it is lower in the sky, it appears to be saucer shaped but she took 5 videos of it and the two she had sent shows her house to the side and the UFO swirling high above it. I have sent you the link for the video below. Now here's the interesting thing. When this craft was lower (about 3 times the height of the trees in her area) she could see details--yellow and red lights circling the craft. The video I have enclosed is much higher and all you can see is a swirling dull light that does move independently high above her house. 

Now here's the wild thing: when she viewed the craft, it had colored lights displayed. Each time she took the video and the flash was used, the craft immediately shut off the colored lights. That was fascinating. She was very scared. She is a senior now but when she was in college, she had said a UFO had hovered above her, paralyzed her with a beam and she was terrified. She brings this up with trepidation every now and then. I have known her for 30 years. 

I had asked her if she would like to contact you but she didn't want any publicity, so what I did was separate the email she sent me from the video on it. As this UFO has been above her house at about12 pm - 3 AM in the past 5 nights, it's possible that it will continue to appear. I urged her to try to tape it should it be much closer so details could be seen. 

This is the video link [link moved to Investigators report section/CMS/fgc]

My name is [removed name/cms/fgc]. I have been fascinated by UFO's my whole life and now that the Air Force admits to their presence, I think we are being slowly prepared for contact. Recalling the chaos that ensued from Orson Wells's War of the Worlds radio broadcast decades ago, it's obvious that we aren't ready. Further, the very fact that 71 million people voted for [removed name/cms/fgc] tells me humanity is a lot dumber than I ever imagined.
Even though [removed name/cms/fgc] is science fiction, there are a lot of principles in that series that make sense. One of them is the Prime Directive--that a superior race is not to contact an inferior race until it evolves to space travel or that inferior race could self-destruct. We see that when primitive societies who have been isolated from the rest of the world are suddenly exposed to modern culture--their culture is destroyed. 

So I understand why the government and maybe even alien races don't want to make contact with humanity yet. However, no one with any kind of intelligence would deny their existence. Before Carl Sagan died, he created a formula that statistically suggested it would be statistically impossible for other intelligence races to not exist in the universe. I suspect that direct contact will be made in the future but after looking at the sad state our society, we're not ready yet. 

Note--it was hard to fill out your form because my friend is afraid to be contacted and she was the witness who did the video. I used my email address instead of hers. Also, you ask questions that are irrelevant to this event like landing--the craft never landed, so I had to fudge some fields or this wouldn't go through. Also, I sent the hyperlink above for the video but didn't save it as a file so I couldn't send it as a media file. Also, your form only allows for one date; there were multiple dates as above. You ask for the time but it was a 3 hour span. 

Sincerely, 
[removed name/cms/fgc]
