{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517086","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40952","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3375,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/086/mufon-5517086.json","updb_database_id":5517086}
{dr}Triangle shape, 3 balls of light; 2 white and one red

The night of July 18th, 2012, my brother and I were relaxing in the backyard at around 3:45am. It was the night after a storm and the sky was clear, we noticed we could even vaguely see some stars in the sky. I then noticed that I saw one that looked much brighter than the rest, but thought nothing of it. A few minutes later my brother pointed out that there was another, even brighter light coming from behind my neighbors house which was in alignment with the first we had seen but we still didn't really think much of it. During this time we ruled out airplanes of any sort because we saw actual airplanes flying by in the sky, but they would vanish from sight quickly and there was also no noise whatsoever. We then saw a blinking/pulsating red light near the two bright white lights and first thought it was an airplane as well. After another 5-10 minutes we realized that blinking red light was still there with the two white lights and was clearly not an airplane. It then became apparent that these 3 lights were in a perfect triangle formation and we noticed that it was moving ever so slowly in an ascending diagonal pattern...VERY SLOWLY. All the while it was moving, all the lights stayed in this perfect triangle and we noticed that the white lights were sort of pulsating. They would get so dim and little that you could barely see them, and then swell into a bigger ball of light, and this happened numerous times, although in no sequence and not at the same time. The single red light was blinking sequentially the whole time and was the smallest of the 3. We started hearing strange vibrations around our yard, almost like a cell phone going off on vibrate setting. We decided to go inside and watch from our second story window. This was around an hour after the initial sighting so it was 4:45am now. We continued to view these 3 lights from our window, noticing that it was still ascending and all the lights remained in perfect formation. Then about 15 minutes later, in what was a clear sky, dark clouds started forming in the area where we were watching this triangular light formation. This cloud was standing still for the next 10 to 15 minutes while the lights continued to slowly ascend right into it. It looked like other clouds from the further sides of this area were moving while this one wasnt. I watched until all of the lights disappeared into this cloud. 
(Attached 2 photos, the dark one is the original and then i tried lightening the contrast and such to get a little better view for the other)
