{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-01-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282086","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/086/mufon-5282086.json","updb_database_id":5282086}
Greys in home

It was January of 1996. My husband and I had put Kaleigh to bed, she was nine months old at the time. Her crib was in our room and we both laid down and proceeded having a conversation in bed when it became very light in our room and like time stood still or being in a trance or paralyzed but yet I was communicating with something when they appeared surrounding our bed and communication with them was like a mind thing, not sure how to describe what was going on other than telepathically being told they were taking our daughter, that she belonged to them. My husband, Michael says that he heard me speaking another language, that I was irritated, I was fighting with something. They were silver-grey in color wearing this type of material that was metallic in color with insignias that I don't know how to describe. They were communicating and telling me they were taking Kaleigh and I just remember not being able to move, my husband said he couldn't move and we could hear Kaleigh crying, wailing in fact. What seemed like minutes actually was hours. We lost time. When we went to bed, it was a little after midnight and when I was out of the trance like state, it was after 4. Since that time, my daughter never slept in that crib again and has had severe problems with her stomach that no dr has come to diagnose exactly what is going on. She has also stated that she seems like she doesn't belong on Earth. My health after the visit has gone downhill but I manage. My husband is overseas and is just now opening up about that experience we had. It wasn't my first time with visitation as I had previous visitations as a child and teenager but it was this one that scared me because another had witness to it and it involved our newborn child and I was so very frightened and now I want to know why and how, who they are, where they come from. I was too afraid to do so back then in 1996 but I am older and determined.
