{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-05 01:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527086","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28559","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/086/mufon-5527086.json","updb_database_id":5527086}
large triangle object with multiple colors of lights flying low, around 2000 ft heading west almost over my house

I was watching a movie Monday eve, 4/4/2011, and fell asleep. When I woke up, it was approximately 1:30 AM (Tuesday am). After I woke up, I realized I had not let my dog out to do her business, so I opened my back door and turned the outside light on to watch her, as I live on the edge of town, not in a subdivision, and there are other critters around. As I looked out, my eye caught an object to the east with multiple color lights coming towards me, at a very low altitude. There is a meadow or field of several hundred acres behind my house, so I have an unobstructed view, there are trees in my yard also. I observed the object for probably 10 seconds and I turned out the outside light. I also heard at least one helicopter, though I did not see it. At this point, the object, was huge, much larger than any airplane I have ever seen. I was standing in the doorway in my underwear, and it was quite cool out, around 38 degrees (we had a cold front move in that afternoon), so I decided to run in my house, put on some clothes and go back outside, which probably took around 10 seconds, and I actually ended up with some shorts on and one shoe on by the time I got back outside. The object had moved over the house next door, and was still flying low, around 2000' or lower, and continued to move west, I was now looking at the back side of the object where it was quite clear it was some type of triangle shaped object, and there were no lights on the back side of it. I observed it, mostly through trees now and followed it as it continued west.

I ran out in my front yard and my view was limited due to trees, though
I did notice another object, a single light, like a satellite if I were looking up in the sky (I am an amateur astronomer)to the south, moving north quite rapidly, and it began to turn west towards the object. At this point, I could not see much, due to trees and the main object moving out of my vision.

I am outside at night quite frequently, observing the sky, sometimes with my telescope, sometimes with high powered binoculars, so I know the sky here quite well, and the star movements etc. DFW airport is approximately 30 miles south and a little west of my location, and Fort Worth Alliance Airport is also about 30 miles south west of me, so I am quite familiar with the traffic patterns, mostly are to the south of me, and there would not be much, if any commercial traffic at 1:30 AM. 

Facts of my sighting:

(1)I did hear at least one helicopter, though I did not see it.

(2) The object was flying quite low, much lower than any flights going to DFW, between 1000-2000 feet. 

(3)There were multiple color lights on the front of the object, I remember seeing red, lots of blue lights, yellow and green lights.

(4) I did see another object (light) to the south that was for sure moving towards the object, quite rapidly.

(5) There was a kind of loud hissing noise when the object was flying over.

I was quite excited after the sighting, having trouble getting back to sleep, however, I had decided yesterday, Tuesday, to not report it. I changed my mind today, as I thought by chance, some one else might have seen it also.

I obviously do not know what this object was, it was probably 3 times the size of most commercial airliners, and in that I live in an area where the military industrial complex is prevalent, I lean towards some prototype secret flying machine.
