{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-15 23:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497086","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/086/mufon-5497086.json","updb_database_id":5497086}
{dr}Lights in the sky in the same place every night for over a year flashing strobing blinking colored lights

About a year and a half ago I happened to be up late after experiencing almost a nightly assault on my person by something I can only describe as not physical but having the ability to paralyze me and assault my emotions and my mind because I never had any external scars. I just knew that I have been paralized almost nightly since childhood and have seen glimpses of being escorted out of my bedroom someone /something on each arm, sexual attacks and coersions , giants, round clouds of lights, which could only be described as ufo's. It woke me up as usual. (only recently I have stopped fighting this entity and relaxed during attacks which seem to enrage it ).I am awake but cant move and I have always fought and resisted, I could not even yell for help, I was helpless and that was the scariest part. I am 6'6" and weight 280 and this thing can and does completely immobilize , paralyze and hold me down. However, they always pass. I got up around 2;30 am which is almost always within 1 or 2 hours ,when the attacks occur . I went outside and was looking at the stars when I noticed a bright white light that was so bright it looked like a strobe light in the sky. Mind you that these lights, I have now seen for over a year, and I can now point out to you on any given clear night after about 11pm. The are colors from blue, green, red white, bright white, they get bigger and brighter and then sometimes go dim. They pulse, flash glow , get brighter then dimmer . The only thing that these large orbs of light do pretty consistently is stay in the same spot in the sky every night like they have for over a year. I can usually point out 8 to 12 lights around my property in all directions but mainly in eastern sky. I never reported any of this because I thought my case was an isolated incident but after seeing a few ancient aliens,and mufon hangar one files, and some independent research, I am convinced that I am Not alone in my anguish over these incidents, and there are others that I could share with who would not look at me like I had lost my mind or was crazy. I am a father of 2 kids college age. I am 51 years old and worked for 26 years in the wholesale products division industry
