{"collection":"UPDB-BAASS","document_date":"2009-06-26 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-baass-report-6053086","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"B-015D","source_file":"UPDB-BAASS/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6053086,"updb_source":"BAASS"}
1 Triangular Shaped Object That Maneuvered 1000 Feet Above The Witness

Catalog Entry: B-015D
Time of day: Night
Witness Reactions: Kimberly'S Heart Started Pounding Because She Felt What She Was Looking At Was Not Normal. These Movements And Shape Of The Object “Scared The Crap Out Of Her.” Now That I Think About It, It Seems That They Wanted Me To See Them, As If To Confirm All Of My Beliefs. Growing Up I'Ve Always Had A Strong Belief In Other Lifeforms. Becoming An Adult It Was Like After Having No Personal Conformation You Should Just Let It Go, Not That I Did. This Sighting To Me Was Just That Reconfimation Of What I'Ve Always Believed. Finally. My Thought Process Was Shaken Up, And I Could Focus To Find Anything.
Shape: Triangle Shaped With Rounded Corners. Did Not Have Any Visible Markings. With Almost Like A Circle Inside The Triangle.
Size meters: One Commercial Jetliner Sized
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction: W
 Movement: She saw something drifting westbound across the sky like a group of balloons. Although similar, these were not balloons or a blimp. This craft immediately stopped and hovered for a minute. The craft backed up a short distance and came to an abrupt stop. She estimated this distance to be about 200' and covered it in an instant. The craft did not tilt forward, up or down as it began its movement or when it came to a stop. Kimberly described the movement as flat and level. As the craft hovered overhead it began to move forward and backward. Kimberly described this movement similar to a pendulum, gently swaying back and forth. The motion was basically in a figure eight motion and the leading edge of the object would tilt down as it moved forward. As it changed direction so would the leading edge of the craft. This movement lasted about 3 minutes.
 Speed:
 Distance: approximately 1000 feet
 Altitude: approximately 1000 feet
 Angle of Observation:
 Effects: no vapor trails or heat signatures
 
 
Nature of Phenomenon: Count: 1
 Color: dark gray, dark center
 Surface:
 Windows:
 Miscellaneous:
 
Light Emissions: No
