{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-04 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5484608.json","updb_database_id":5484608}
{cak} Black very large retangle with white/blueish light on bottom

I was on the cell phone speaking to a friend of mine at approx. 2:15-2:30am. We had been talking for over an hour and I had been smoking cigs, walking the porch and enjoying the clear night and nice weather. I had sat down on the steps to continue the conversation and approx. 10 minutes I noticed first off - the fact I could not see any stars in an area. The fact I could see some stars but in an area I could not see any - it did not seem right at all, I did not think at that moment I was looking at anything. I kept looking and then realized when the end of this 'area' was then allowing me to see the stars. At that moment I realized something was in front of me and it was large, I could then see the size due to the area I could not see. I then was very close to the craft and see details of it. It was black with not shiny but not dull surface. It was approx. 3 stories tall, approx. 300 ft long, approx. 75 ft wide. It traveled from north to south. I saw the entire west side of the craft. I did not the front at all. I could see part of the back end, but limited due to the dark color craft at night time. I did not notice the bottom of the craft until it was a light blue/white or white/light blue light, it was a softer than normal LED light. This light appeared to run the width of the craft. The height of the bottom of the craft to the ground was approx. 15 ft above the trees. I did notice that the trees did not move. 

When I realized there was a large craft not very far from me, I did not move. I knew that this was not anything I had seen, heard of or thought should be flying! It did not make any sense that it could be moving. It looked heavy and not a way to stay in the air, no wings, etc. With no sound at all, it did bother me that I was in possible danger when I saw the light. 

It was only traveling approx. 2 mph and continued south until I could not see it any longer. I did not want to follow the craft down the road, I didn't want the craft to notice me and I figured it could leave fast if need be. 

I can show you the exact spot I was sitting, where the craft was - I will never forget that.
