{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-29 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5468608.json","updb_database_id":5468608}
Fast moving light bolted across a cloudless sky

I took my kids to a corn maze south of our town. The land there is mostly farms with very little development. We entered the maze around 5pm when most people were already gone. I was really taken with the natural beauty around us - a perfect day, one of those rare moments - clear and bright blue sky, wind tossing the corn stalks back and forth and the sun, the sun seemed so big that I couldn't recall having seen it like that before. I let the kids run and I walked to an area alone for a few minutes so I could film. I wanted to take a piece of that moment home with me forever. I definitely got that and it brought me here. I tried to report what I will explain next several times from my cell phone right after it happened but I got kicked out both times and grew frustrated. I meant to file this several more times but you know how life leads us away from this type of thing. 

I took several videos on my phone and walked back to some benches in the maze. I saw this craft on the second video I shot. I had to slow it repeatedly because it seemed like it jumped space. This glowing object darted across the sky rather low and made a rolling turn as it passed out of my frame. I didn't see it with my naked eye but it is on film. Looking back, yes, I had a strange feeling standing there alone, I sensed something was around. Ive been like that all my life and it's only now as I am getting older (in my 40s) that I really pay attention to the feeling. 

I didn't hear this object and I didn't see it live but I absoltuely felt that shift in energy. I need to review more of the video that I shot that day to see if our guest made just this appearance or more. I asked the kids if they saw anything strange but they had not. 

I did post this on my Twitter account fairly quickly after it happened so there is record there. 

I am going to include the Youtube video link. I dont want to risk losing this page, God knows when I could retype all this again. 

There is another UFO video that my brother shot also on my channel. I will ask him again to come here and report his experiences. 

I froze each frame and slowly went through it trying to get a good image for a still. I found one shot that was solid enough for me to blow up. I put it all togehter in a YouTube video. I have the raw footage for anyone who might like to try get a better shot. 

I used a few editing programs to play with the light and remove some glare and increase the clarity. The picture that emerged startled me - it looks like a humanoid sitting on some kind of deck looking my direction. I didn't change anything in this one still but light so you can see it all yourself. I am really amazed by this experience. I didn't get a bad feeling at all, not for a second, it was more a peaceful and warm feeling, like some old friend doing a fly-by hello. You can judge for yourself what I have on film. I think it's a special shot and one that was the perfect capstone for that perfect day. Thanks for reading.
