{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-07-01 23:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5291608.json","updb_database_id":5291608}
Bright light landed or hovered on two separate occasions in the same place

Back in 1971 myself and a friend had seen a bright object in the sky descend towards us as we were out in a field near a shack. We were not sure if it hovered or landed? We just ran into the shack to hide. While inside the shack we could see the light from the object coming through into the shack. Not sure how long it lasted but it abruptly stopped. A year later (1972) Myself, my brother and another friend were sleeping over in the same shack one night in the summer. That evening the window (upstairs where we were sleeping) lit up with a very bright light. To the point that you could not see outside. Shortly after we heard "something" enter the shack and start to make a racket. Tossing things around, breaking things left and right. The door (trap door in the floor) that connects the upstairs and main floor began to open. My brother was actually laying over the trap door as that was where his sleeping bag was. The door started to open but slammed shut at his weight. The door then started to jump open and close as whatever was downstairs was trying to get upstairs. The other two of us jumped on the door to keep it closed. I feel like this all took place over about 5 minutes. My brother thinks that it took about 20 minutes or so for this all to happen. The shack also seemed to be shaking the entire time. Almost like out of a horror story to be honest. We were of course up all night. But when first light came the next morning we finally got up the courage to go downstairs and asses the damage. To our surprise the downstairs was in pristine condition. Nothing tossed around, nothing broken, everything where it was supposed to be. There is now a circle about 10 feet in diameter where the object either hovered or landed that to this day, nothing grows.
