{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-13 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5290608.json","updb_database_id":5290608}
Large, long and dim/dull whitish illuminated object looked like a 2 x 4 moving quickly across early night sky

Sunday night 12/13/20, at about 6:30pm I went outside to my detached garage to get a snow brush and an ice scraper to put in my vehicle for the next day because we were expecting some winter weather conditions, and I wanted to be prepared. I live on a high ridge and I can look out and see 30 to 40 miles away. I stopped to look up at the night sky because it was a mostly clear night with a few scattered clouds drifting around. I located the Pleiades and Venus, and I was looking around at the other stars, for about a minute, when suddenly to the NE, I spotted a long, white object that was very large and looked like a ruler? or a dimly lit 2 x 4 moving quickly and quietly across the sky. At first I thought it might be a projection of some sort like a spot light, but then it flew behind some clouds and I could still see it moving behind the clouds. This is when I started to realize I was seeing something extraordinary. The object moved much faster than an airplane, but much slower than a shooting star. I believe it was in my sight for about 10 seconds as it flew from the NE sky to the SW sky and then disappeared toward the mountains. I knew this wasn't a conventional type aircraft, nor was it a rocket or even a missile. It was strange because of it's vast size and speed. It wasn't a bright light, but rather dim. If I wasn't looking up at the stars at that exact moment, I probably wouldn't have noticed it. I see lots of shooting stars, so I know this is not what I observed. I was curious if anyone else saw this thing - I know it wasn't something that is normally seen in the night sky. Quite often, I see military and commercial aircraft in the sky because there is an airport in Martinsburg, WV , but I have never, ever seen anything like this before. I really don't have a clue what it was, so maybe someone can help?
