{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-07 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5461608.json","updb_database_id":5461608}
Lights in the sky

At approximately 4:20am on the 7th of February (approximate date) 2017 I arose as usual for work and dressed. As I always do and I looked out the landing window on to the street below to see whether the road was wet (I drive a motorbike so I always check to see if I will need my rain gear). The morning was fairly clear and dry (with partial cloud) and it was still dark outside. I observed some red lights in the sky at a SW direction but since I live quite near to Dublin Airport this is not unusual and so thought nothing of it. Having descended the stairs and turned the house alarm off I got the dog up and let her out to relieve herself as I did every morning and just happened to glance up and realised that the lights I had seen where still in the same place although more than one minute had passed. I observed 4 - 5 bright round red lights in a straight line with one small flashing white light on the bottom right of the object like you would see on a plane ( I could not discern any shape). However as I have mentioned I have lived near the airport for 40 years and knew immediately what I was seeing was no conventional aircraft. This object was totally stationary without so much as a waver, wobble or even sound. I could not take my eyes off it and even though I held my phone in my hand I was sure the second I'd break eye contact with it it would be gone. I kept on staring at the object for a further 20 odd seconds and then, this is difficult to describe, it seemed as if it was drawing wisps of cloud around it and almost vibrating and within a second it was just gone. I don't mean it shot off at fantastic speed I mean it just seemed to dissolve. Not a single sound was heard for the duration which I estimate to be between two to three minutes. Nobody else sighted this object to my knowledge as I scoured the net and Facebook at the time. I just thought I'd share this as it was one of the most perplexing moments of my life. I knew what I was seeing was highly unusual and I've never forgotten it. It was definitely not a plane, chopper or drone as I am very familiar with the flight and noise characteristics of them all. Thanks for letting me share my story!
