{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-18 02:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5470608.json","updb_database_id":5470608}
Faint organge/reddish metallic glowing disk with windows that appeared

I was working in Estevan, Sk at Shand Power station on a shutdown. It was a large shutdown so we had work trailers out in the field and at the time there was very little light by the trailers. I remember I was by myself as everyone was in the power plant. I went in between 2 trailers, 4 meters apart so I could see the stars better and just as I did that I noticed a huge glowing orange/reddish looking metallic disk come floating over the smoke stack from out of no where, 500 feet high, very slowly and then hovered down near me at about 200 feet up in the air. The ship was huge, id estimate it at 500 feet diameter. It also appeared to have windows that became see through for a few minutes and I could see a reddish light glow in the ship and the beings controlling the ship I could not see well, just faint shadows of what appeared to be humanoid. The ship had a very quiet hum, it was almost silent.

I don't do drugs, I was not drinking or anything and don't hallucinate, I knew what I was seeing was real. I almost felt like my family returned to visit me kinda feeling. I remember asking it in my mind to fly in a circle over the trailers and then go up and down and it did what I asked to acknowledge it knew where I was and was conscious of me. I remember thinking thank you for doing that and then it took off in the field slowly and then gained speed and shot upwards on the horizon and then a bright white flash in the sky and it was gone. Iv had many ufo interactions and encounters all over Saskatchewan and Alberta but this one was the most personal encounter iv had so far. Iv included a painting someone made for me randomly after I told them my story. Its the power plant and the UFO, although the UFO was alot larger than what it is in the painting.
