{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2979,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5523608.json","updb_database_id":5523608}
Two white star-like objects moving across sky that stopped, hovered, ascended and faded away.

It was approximately 10:30 pm on 08/12/2011 and I was out watching the night sky during the peak of the Perseids meteor shower. The sky was completely clear of clouds and I could see the stars perfectly. I was standing outside facing south and I saw an extremely bright white light heading north. I first noticed the light approximately 45 degrees from the horizon and it was about the size of 1/4th of a pea if held at arm1s length away from you. It was traveling approximately the same speed as a satellite crossing the sky. It looked like it was as a very high elevation, possibly in orbit. I have seen many satellites and the ISS pass overheard and it was a much more brilliant light than what I have seen before. I convinced myself that it must be at just the right angle to reflect that much sunlight. I found the light strange enough to call my wife out to watch it travel across the sky with me. Her sister was also staying with us and she also came out. I watched the light travel for approximately 30 seconds and exactly as it reached the zenith position it suddenly stopped and hovered in its position. I couldn1t understand what I was seeing and I even asked for my wife and sister in law to confirm that they saw the light stop too. I stared at the light for approximately another 30 seconds and then it moved it a circular direction towards the east and then hovered in its new location again. I turned to talk to my wife to see if she was as stunned as I was at what we were seeing and she pointed up at the sky and said excitedly that the light was fading away! I looked up and the light appeared to dim out and get smaller for about 10 seconds. It appeared as if was going straight up and leaving the atmosphere. I was staring in disbelief and then my wife pointed at another location in the sky and said that was another light that looked like the other, except this one was a bit dimmer, and it also started to dim and get smaller as it also appeared to leave upward. I found this event strange enough to report it to friends at work, but a month and a half later, me and a friend saw a craft directly overheard that dwarfs this experience and I cannot remotely explain. I will submit another MUFON report for this event and title it: UFO spotted in Lakewood, CO on 09/30/2011.
