{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2173,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5285608.json","updb_database_id":5285608}
About 20 feet above our heads. Cloaked, but we could see the lights going around it, and could see the dusk stars next to the lights.

I was working on an ambulance, and was asleep in the quarters in the trailer park. I was pulled out of bed by my partner who dragged me outside and made me look up. EVERYONE in the trailer park was in the streets and saw it. We could hear the police dispatchers discussing it with police officers, who ALL saw it. The entire town saw it. The dispatcher said that the military told them it was Orville Wright enthusiasts, but it was a solid, cloaked object that stayed in one spot over our heads, and made no sound. Then, it went straight up in the air and shot North towards Monument Valley, but stopped again at a distance we could see it. It looked like a mirage with lights. Then, it shot off, fast, towards Monument Valley. We couldn't call dispatch because they were busy, so we just listened. The dispatcher said that a woman called in and said the UFO knocked over her sheep fence. I know that this is all recorded at the police department. I also know that you'd have a hard time finding someone who didn't see it. We tried to take pics on our phones, but they weren't coming out. I didn't get anything, but I'll never forget it. My partner who pulled me out of bed is now a city official who has been advised against talking to the press, but she could have an anonymous interview. Apparently Navajos see this kind of stuff all the time. Nobody was as awe struck as I was. I can't get it out of my head. I'm surprised it's not online already.
