{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-09 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498608","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/608/mufon-5498608.json","updb_database_id":5498608}
Gloucestershire, UK: A bright, high-altitude light spotted moving south-west to east. Followed and converged upon by three dimmer lights.

I had been enjoying a small bonfire with two friends at Lydney Docks on the edge of the River Severn in Gloucestershire, UK. It was Wednesday 9th of April 2014 and around 21:20 in the evening. We had been in the area since about 19:00 and the sun had set just over half an hour before, the skies were clear and as the sky became darker a good number of stars were visible.

I first noticed a bright light in the direction of the Severn Bridge to the south-west, slowly tracking in a smooth arc to the east. The object seemed to be at a very high altitude and had no discernable running lights. With its apparent altitude and the time being so close to sunset, I assumed the object to be a satellite and pointed it out to my companions.

For roughly the next ten minutes we watched casually as it passed towards the East. As we did the conversation moved between satellites and other space-related phenomena. I remember stating that the only thing that could convince me that I might not be looking at a satellite of some variety would be a distinct change in direction.

As the object moved further the east a dimmer light became apparent moving in an arc following the same trajectory. Whether I noticed this due to a change in magnitude or simply my eyes becoming more light adjusted I am unsure, but after half a minute or so of observation it became clear that the this second object was in fact gaining on the first and would soon catch up.

I duly pointed this out to my fellow observers only to have one of them point out a third object, of the same apparent magnitude of the second, moving downwards from above and on a trajectory that would bring it close to the first two. Almost immediately after this I spotted a forth object, again of similar brightness, moving in a diagonal direction, as if to join the other dimmer lights.

All three of the less-bright lights then appeared to converge at point behind the original object. For a couple of seconds all three dim objects seemed to remain still as the original passed along its arc from west to east. The smaller objects then appeared to switch places a couple of times before separating back out in an equidistant pattern similar to an equilateral triangle. One of the lights appeared to follow the original object in a rough trajectory before blinking a number of times and fading out whereas the other two simply faded as they moved further apart.

From a personal perspective this was an awe-inspiring sight. Having spent a reasonable amount of time looking skyward in the evenings, even being able to watch something man-made trace an arc amongst the stars is something to admire. This, however distant, I genuinely believe was something else; something beautiful.
