{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-01 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5524081.json","updb_database_id":5524081}
Many Saucer Craft in Pics from that day that I never knew were recorded until today.

This event was about 16 years ago but it had a lasting impact on me. I have vivid memory of the events as if it happened today. I am a single Male Father with 3 children, 2 were present that day.

We went to experience the Military Air Show at Alvin Calendar Field, Naval Air Base, located on Belle Chase Highway south of Belle Chase, Louisiana. The sky was so bright that day, even with my dark lense sun glasses I could not look up at the sky / Flight Show for more than about 1 minute, then have to look down and give my eyes a break. Thed sky was perhaps the clearest that I have ever see.

1st Sighting:
During a Sky Diving Demonstration while looking almost straight up I noticed a quick flash like sun reflection from the corner of my vision which was about 1/2 mile in distance South of the Sky Divers. I looked and clearly saw 4 metal saucer shaped craft moving slowly parallel to the sky divers. I had to look away monentarily because of the extremely bright sky. When I looked back they seemed to have left the area. I asked everyone around me if they had seen any of these saucer craft but everyone denied seeing anything.

2nd Sighting:
Across the field where the Airport Runways are is a tree line. About one hour later I saw 4 saucer shaped craft moving quickly over the tops of this tree line. They seemed to be about 30 to 50 feet above the tree tops and I estimate their speed at about 150 mph. I began to grab people around me and point at these saucer craft to get a wittness that could verify what I was seeing. After showing some 8 to 10 people and the crafts were out of sight, NOT ONE OF THESE cowards would say they saw them. I was disgusted and confused with my fellow Americans narrow mindedness and lack of a spine.

3rd & Final Sighting:
The soldiers put on a mock combat landing exercise from several Huey helicopters. The huey's came in front of us in a line about 20 feet above the ground. Each huey took a turn circling towards us in a fish hoof type pattern then landed, the soldiers quickly jumped off and formed a perimeter with the huey quickly taking off anf flyinf away. As the second huey came around to land I became aware of a saucer craft hovering about 10 feet above the ground directly behind the landing huey. This one was close and very clear to see. I was thinking that this time the craft was So Obviously in our face so to speak that everyone simply had to see it.

I don't know if it cloaked or quickly flew away, but as I looked down at my children to tell them about it, aprox. 5 seconds passed, I looked back up and it was gone. I asked if anyone around me wanted to say they did not see that, and everyone denied seeing it.

I have been telling this story to my family for years with no wittness to colaberate it. My daughter and I were going through our old family photos today and she found several pics from that day at the Air Show. I don't remember having a camera but I think my son was taking the pictures that day. As we started looking at these pics, we could see many unconventional and saucer craft. In one pic my daughter counted 15 of these UFO's.

These pictures are very good quality but the UFO's are small ranging from completely solid metal objects to semi-Transparent Saucer Craft. Also, there are some bright orbs that are both trailing and at the front of the Blue Angels jet aircraft. 

I scanned a few of these pics with my scanner at very high resolution and many of the craft are undemiably there, but others are in need of someone with more skills to clean up the images. I have all the originals that you can take if you wish to have them analyzed and/or cleaned up to bring out the many UFO's that I can't get clear resolution of.

I wish I had seen these pics back when this happened and could have contacted you, but I am offering them to you now.

One additional note: As we were leaving the airfield I struck up a conversation with a USMC Security guard. I told him what I saw and asked if they recorded any of these craft on their radar. He became sharp with me and said you did not see anything like that here. 3 other guards walked up and laughed at me and began to ridicule me as if I were a 5 year old child. I am a veteran of the marine corps and know this kind of behavior was totally inappropriate and not tolerated from any marine when I was enlisted.

Sincerely;

[Name removed/cms/tg]
