{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-18 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115288","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5288081.json","updb_database_id":5288081}
I thought it was a drone but it definitely wasn't then the military stepped in.

My older sister and I were sitting on my second story porch after putting my niece to bed. After about a hour I pointed out a “drone” and we discussed how it was coming closer really quickly but it was hovering over the neighborhood across from the golf course. Then shortly after it disappeared but then approximately 15 minutes later we see it again but its way larger than a drone you can buy and its round, and it was moving very fast. My sister mentioned it probably was a military drone or something but it then it stayed still for a second over the golf course infront of us about 100 feet away over the trees, but there was no sound coming from it like a drone would. Then it zoomed down the golf course and climbed altitude very very quickly like a plane and sounded like a jet but for almost 15 minutes even after it was gone. Then it almost looked like a star, or it may have went into another airborne vehicle that couldve passed as a star. Then soon after I saw at least 2 fighter jets flying around and so my sister joked me after I mentioned it was weird and said it probably was some type of military training thing. But again it was almost 1:30 am at this point and the jets only appeared after the drone looking object disappeared into what looked like a star. This glowing starlike object moved around like it mightve been a plane and it seemed like the fighter jets might have been following it or circling it. Then the light just sat there for almost another 30 minutes in the same spot and it was flashing green and red and blue but was so far that my sister convinced me it was just a star or a planet. Then we brushed it off and went to grab some food and go back out. But when we went back out the “star” was gone and I showed her and we were very confused as to what we watched.
