{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5502081.json","updb_database_id":5502081}
{cak} Multi-colored hovering object middle of night in corner of field, then above me.

It was the summer of 1984, stars were out and I was riding my dirt bike home from work. I got out of work about 11:30 pm and was on my normal route of trails and back roads. I pulled onto south airport road shortly after midnight heading south, started going through the gears and noticed to my left something with multicolored lights just above the tree line hovering there. I stopped just about a 1/4 of a mile down airport road and was watching this object just floating there in the corner of the potato field. As I was watching this thing wondering what it was and then all of a sudden it was directly over top of me, in a instant. It was round in shape, bright multicolored lights on the perimeter, dark on the bottom and the lights inside of the object were like dash lights shining but much brighter. The windows appeared to go around the object but not totally sure about that. The size was about 50-75 feet across but this is a guess. I was looking inside to see if I could see any thing inside but could not. All this happened with in about 3-5 minutes time. As I was starring at this object in amazement and wondering what it was, all of a sudden I realized it was not a normal craft that I knew of, it made no sound that I could tell but my dirt bike was still running, the craft was just floating there, then I got scared and took off on my bike just as fast as I could going through the gears. I looked back and there it was just above the trees chasing me, I looked back a second time and it was right there, shifted into 6th, looked back and it was gone. I got home and pulled into the driveway looking but not seeing anything above me, parked my bike went inside and never told anyone about what happened. I thought if I told of what I had seen or experienced they would think it was a joke or I was crazy. It was about 20 years or so later that I had finally told my wife about what happened that night. I still to this day do not know what it was but I remember as if it was yesterday. I will more that likely never forget that night, it was cool and scary at the same time.
