{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-05-10 14:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5466081.json","updb_database_id":5466081}
{jpg} Two tall white aliens abducted me from a friend1s loft in San Francisco in. May 2, 1994.

I was about to take a nap in a friend1s loft on the 5th floor of an apartment building on Market Street in San Francisco in the spring of 1994. I was lying down for about a half hour and not asleep when suddenly a tall white alien figure about 7 feet tall appeared at the right side of the loft bed. It had large blue eyes and a huge white head with two dots for nostrils and a tiny mouth. It had skinny pencil thin arms torso and legs. All long. It was waving its arms up and down and suddenly touched me and numbed me with its left arm closest to the bed. I could not move. Then another tall white head appeared at the right end of the bed and it looked like the other tall white alien. It also numbed me with its waving skinny arm and they both lifted me up and took me through a large window at the foot of the loft and the last thing I remember was looking down over Market Street. 

The next thing I remember was being on a metal table aboard their ship I guess. Several aliens of various sizes were standing around me in a room and there were curtains around the table I was on. One of them had a large needle like object. One of the tall whites told me through telepathy that they were not going to harm me and would return me soon. 

I was scared but the next thing I remember is waking up back in the loft. 

I told my friend when she returned as she did alien paintings and I think they were looking to abduct her. Not me, because she had had many strange experiences. 

I had no disruption to my life there after oddly enough and no nightmares, 

Years later I did trauma therapy with Jed Turnbull in Manhattan and he works with the group of abductees in New York City, He said as long as it does not affect my life then not to worry. 

It hasn1t really affected my life. I think like many abductees I have read about, I wondered if it really happened, but I know it did.
