{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-09 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5478081.json","updb_database_id":5478081}
{cak} Police escorted military vehicles with incredible UFO like vehicle being transported under the cover of darkness

Now let me start off by saying that this vehicle could very well be a secret military experimental aircraft. 
Here is my story and what I witnessed.
I am a truck driver, I was on my way from San Bernardino CA to Las Vegas NV. It was around 11 pm on Thursday, February 9th, at that time I was in between Baker and Primm California heading north on I-15. After some time I had noticed that there wasn't any traffic heading south on I-15 for at least 5 minutes. I just figured that there must be an accident on the other side but a few minutes later as I was cresting a hill here comes the highway patrol with all their lights on driving somewhere between 80-100mph with the military in tow. They were all escorting a single flatbed trailer with an incredible somewhat triangular shaped UFO like vehicle on the trailer. It was much wider than the trailer and had 3 sets of landing gear in which it stood upon. It was also covered in a shrink-wrap like material. It had markings on it but none looked familiar (no American flag or numbers that I could see). The color of the material it was covered in was light grey,dark grey and black. I desperately tried to get my phone out of the car dock to try and get a picture but wasn't fast enough. Behind the truck carrying the object was more military vehicles and then about a half mile or so behind them were more state troopers keeping traffic back. I've seen many different UFO pictures and this object was close to being similar to the TR-3 but it's edges were much more rounded and wider. I really wish I could have gotten a picture of it, but then again I'd probably have the military or some men in black paying me a visit.
