{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-06 06:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28563","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5527081.json","updb_database_id":5527081}
In Eastern skies we are seeing a bright object that rises up very quickly

I first noticed this object a couple of years ago by a friend of mine who pointed it out too me at about 12:00am or so. I see it at various times of night at different points in the sky. In the past I have watched it drop below the horizon and rise up again with in seconds. A group of us watched this event together moving in small circles as well.

But the rescent events took place as I was outside my house actually looking for this object, as I said I have noticed it for years. And, every since, I go out and look up in the sky to show others as well. This object pulsates as it gets brighter and dimmer. I see it every morning at around 6am just before (and in the same direction as the rising sun.)

I have looked on the internet and everyone around the world is noticing it now. Some say its Venus, the spacestation, or planet X. I am no expert on astronmy but I am sure this is not Venus or the spacestation and I don't know what the hell planet X is? 

This is the brightest object in the sky other than the full moon. Its size in comparison too the full moon is about a quarter of the size of the full moon. If I never seen it move below the horizon in the past and rise up again in seconds I would say its Venus but since I have seen this I am not covinced that this is Venus. The object is only lost due too the rising suns brightness. And evetually fades out slowly. Also I have footage of it (but no cable too connect to my computer to down load it) and as I zoom in there is a crater like object at lower left corner of glowing star like object. The top 1/4th of the object is a black straight line covering the entire top 1/4th. This object goes from the horizon up too the 10:30 or 11:00 o'clock postion in the sky in a matter of 2 hours or so. If you could help fill me in on this I would appreciate it. I assure if you go out at 6am or so and look east (preferably with a telescope) you will see it, I assure you. 

Everyone is taking notice and an answer needs to be given soon. I would be glad to meet anyone for MUFON at any time(as long as they come too me) but I don't want any government officials contacting me at all. As I do not trust them at all.

Thanks for your time and please contact me anytime day or night,

sincerly, 

*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
