{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-09 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4087,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5484081.json","updb_database_id":5484081}
{cak} Bright Sequential Flashing Light - I have found no info. Please email or text me if there are similar stories. I need to know more if possible.

I originally posted this [Link moved to Fi Section/cms/tg] I was told to post here instead. I'm likely to delete my reddit post as it's my main account and more and more I think this should be something I tell people very seldomly.

I was driving through deep rural highways right before entering Francis Marion National Forest in South Carolina. I'm looking forward and at the treeline about 50 ft in front of me above the incoming traffic side of the road - a flashing light appeared. It wasn't directional. It was a bright orbital flashing light. It went on down the road with me for at least 3 or 4 minutes before I saw anything else. It kept my pace at more than 60mph. I was skeptical for a good while but then I crossed an intersection with a stopped train and a few carts. I thought "oh good this explains it. It's a reflection of a train on my windows." Two cars then came from the other direction as I approached the intersection. Plenty of lights here explained it and I thought 'phew.' Expecting to see the flashing light behind me as I passed the stopped train, instead, the flashing maintained it's appearance above the trucks, the train, the intersection, in the orange hue of light It flashed about 5 times at that intersection so I think someone else out there saw it. I think I saw the other cars slowing down a bit too. From their perspective the light would have went from infront of them and then passed them.. it was with me. But who knows maybe they saw it earlier? Also noting, why was the train stopped there? I passed this intersection and was alone entering the national forest. The light faded a bit for ~ 10 seconds. It seemed to fade in and out behind the treeline and then it was again right in front of me. Full brightness. flash pause flash pause I turned off my music and thought 'holy s**t.' I became very uncomfortable very nervous when I finally realized I was seeing something bizarre. I began blindly reaching behind me for my camera bag. I have a good DSLR camera and while my iPhone couldn't see the light I knew it was bright enough for my better camera. I said out loud "i'm going to record this s**t" and at that time the flashing light slowly glided to above me. It went from 50 ft in front of me to floating above my car. I could see the light lighting up the road behind and in front of me every time it flashed. Then it disappeared away in a blindspot above/behind my car. My first reaction was relief. I was so happy to have normal night driving back. Then slowly regret set in that I didn't capture it. This may have been once in a lifetime. I feel like I failed so many people.

We have a lot of folk stories south of here about orbs of light. The flashing light appeared to me like I was being scanned. This didn't seem like an old ghost story to me. Also it happened 150 miles north of that place and two counties over.
What is swamp gas? Is that actually a thing? Because the area is very swampy and near a swampy river. The weather went from warm to cold the last day or so. Maybe some other phenomena can explain it?

TL;DR At about midnight, on a highway with dense tree coverage, a flashing white orb appeared in front of my car - floating above the highway. It kept pace with me at 70 mph for nearly 10 minutes. Then it was above my car for a moment before it went away.
