{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-16 20:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70553","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5489081.json","updb_database_id":5489081}
Concert UFO

Recently I keep seeing them, it is like they are searching for something near my house. within two weeks I have seen them 4-5 times. I am scared and but intriged.I saw one again tonight. Followed it to see if I was crazy and I saw it land. It is always the same type of vessel. And they don't mind coming very close to use almost in contact. First it fly normal and you could almost not notice the difference between a plaine. Then it stops and stays put. Then it might change direction a couple times looking for a place to land. Before it disappear bright reds lights flash out it's rear and you can see it no more. The vessel has a curb and triangular shape . It is hard to see what type of material because it stays always in flottation high enough yopu won't see with your naked eye. But you can notice by the way it navigates that it is not normal. White and red lights are under and around. Most of the time it will be the only thing you see. When it lands something very bright and angular comme out of first vessel. A stretch of light connect both vessels. It is impressive to see how the brigth vessel is much larger and comes out of the first one which is it much smaller.But maybe the distortion cause by the brigth lights makes it appear small. I don't know how. But it happens to me all the time recently. The first vessel always stays in altitude up 10-20 feet above the other one while the other part lands. It is so brigt it tickles the eyes and you can hardley see if anything comes out It is brigther than anything I have seen and spakles alot Millions of l
First time it appeared it was at a music concert. It went over the crowd and stared at the the stage, while a country band played. It was very close to us but high enough to make it look like a plane. It was at a air ballon festival. Lots of air ballon in the sky all week-end long. We could see it was very large 60 feet wide maybe. My mom, my step dad and me stared wonderin what this vessel was and only understood what it was when it decided to leave. As well as sevral people on the site we have seen this vessel with white and red lights. I was sure I was going to hear about it the next day. Lasted couple of seconds and flied in swirls and disapeared. How can so many people see that and not talk about it. Did not see one mention in the internet or the news the next day that was sunday 6 sept 2015. The next day saw them again near the airport were I live, they landed same as tonight. One vessel on top and bright part comes out.In a crop field near the highway. Tried to take a picture while driving on the highway near but nothing good came out. With my phone I can barely see what I pictured one little white dot. But I could see mant ligths and the shape of it. That means nothing since it can't prouve anything. I deleted thoses bad pictures. I thougth they would never come again. Then saw them the 9 sept. Flotting above my house, very high in the sky around the airport. Always the same first vessel with few red and white ligths under, that can almost be mistaken for airplane, unless you watch it fly. Tried to ingore them but they keep appearing.I would like your help to make certain I am not going crazy. I am not equiped to take pictures at night time and I don't want to make people around me go crazy. I need professionnel help to document these happenings. It is like it is temporary. They are here often searching for something and always landing around the same place. They like to land in the industrial section of the city. These sites are always well lighted and innoccupied during night time. Their light can pass unseen by thousands of citizens who don't even have a clue. I believe when they do find what ever... I don't think we will see them again. Please contact me soon. I know you might receive thousands of letters like mine but I would sure appreciate to have some help
