{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-25 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44160","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5514081.json","updb_database_id":5514081}
{nd} straight as an arrow 90 degree vertical ascent. rapid speed. then disappeared. struck me as VERY odd, then fought off desire to forget about it.

At approximately 7:45 pm I was standing in front of my house, facing Southwest and saw a white light ascend rapidly & silently at an unknown distance, across the street behind my neighbor’s house. What I noticed was how straight and plumb the objects path was. A straight-as-an-arrow, and seemingly 90 degrees vertical ascent. It left no trail at all. I first saw it at 30 degrees above the neighbor’s yard, and watched it rise to 60 degrees and vanish. I was also struck by its speed. I cannot say with certainty what its distance from me was...anything from 1 to 5 miles?

After I saw it, I felt a bit spooked. It was not like anything I’ve seen before. It seemed inexplicable, and therefore qualifying as a UFO, but then later I had to fight off a desire to forget all about it -- which seems odd, because I’ve always wanted to see a UFO. I forgot about it until late last night, and then had to make a point of remembering it. It was that seems significant to me.

I live in an area that occasionally uses white search lights for sports events. Those lights have a beam and move characteristically in sweeping arcs. The light I saw was nothing like that. 

One last thing that is a little embarrassing to include: I heard an unusual Peep-peep sound across the street after the Light vanished. It was about 40 degrees at the time -- too cold for insects or frogs. I moved to get a better perspective, and scrunched some leaves, at which point the sound stopped.

I was outside getting my cat in at the time when I saw the Light. My cat was frightened of me at first, and I have never seen him act like that before.

The whole episode is weird, with a cluster of weird aspects to it, which makes me inclined to think I did indeed see something strange...and yet, I still want to dismiss the whole thing as nonsense.
