{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-01 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508081","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/081/mufon-5508081.json","updb_database_id":5508081}
{cak} I have images of exactly what I saw

Dear MUFON:

The document included here are excerpts of the email(s) sent to a friend in
BC Canada. I am a Federal Computer Specialist and have been in the public/private sector industry for no less that 45 years - credentials applied.

Your really going to think Im nuts on this one but, I trust in telling you because - I know you will think Im nuts already Ha1
Anyway, last Sunday night - I stepped on to the back porch around 8:pm to get a breather, fresh air. Sitting there enjoying my peace, two glaring lights lit up the clouds and I thought - cool - a 747 coming in to land a Logan International Boston. However, the lights got brighter making random motions in the sky and much too large
to be any sort of aircraft (well a thought for the moment) but, within seconds, the entire fields in back were lit up as though spotlights had blasted on. Also, two huge objects appeared in the sky equal distance apart and stationary. Just kind of stayed there.
Well, being a former pilot, I know aircraft and I also know how the eyes can play tricks on anyone watching planes at night, helicopters, flares etc. But, these two objects were huge - just stayed there - not moving - lighting up the whole area.
My first thought - if these are 747s - their on a parallel "approach course" to Logan and not good. Next, if they were landing lights on (2) 747s they do not rotate and flicker - theyre constant. To, know commercial aircraft enter a flight pattern over Rawley
as directed by "air control" maintaining a certain altitude and compass heading guiding them to the airport. Last, generally the altitude is such that there not too low should an emergency occur for evasive landing or what we call "go around".
Yet, there sat these huge objects with rotating yellow lights underneath lighting up the entire sky with bright white. Making matters more interesting - the entire back porch was lit up as though I was under a spotlight - focused on me. It was the weirdest thing to have happen however, here it was - yup - these are UFOs
Not to sound foolish but, I ran in and got my camera and camcorder and tried to get as much photos as I could. The camcorder played tricks and worse yet, the two huge objects shot out of the sky straight up - you could see the glare coming from the clouds.
Then, only one appeared and stayed in position - bright lights. Ten more objects appeared and focused on the fields but, much smaller.
Monday night, I went to the back porch again (heck this was getting interesting - were they spotlighting me Ha) but, only one appeared -huge- lighting up the shy
and very random movements. It climbed approx. 1000 over the house across the street, which gave me some sort of dimension. Shot to the sky then a bright orange
orb appeared moving all over the houses, spot lighting the fields, in such a erratic pattern that I was trying to keep the camcorder on it. Then, the bright orange orb appeared
again dispersing about 10-17 smaller orbs which within 2-4 seconds had made a complete sweep of the area. Then all shot up rejoining the larger orange orb, the orb shot up,
rejoining the larger craft. The sky lit up a bright white and gone. I was amazed.
Here is the best part - I have it on video. The camcorder picked up the huge orange orb hovering over the houses, fields etc. - at almost road level. 
The video is too large to attach. (44 mg) Lets see what I can do.
Pictures coming of what I saw???

I know this is a bit strange but, seeing these objects was amazing
and more curious. You know - we hear of UFOs and theres much debate 
as to theyre existence and being a computer guy and engineer - well - I
have my doubts about a lot however, this is the first time that I saw something
up hand which more than incredible. You might see one I suppose and not knowing what
it is - well - it becomes a UFO however - when the whole "freaking" family shows up - you have to wonder.
There are too many scientists, people of knowledge that have presented evidence but, then again you say - we aint caught one yet?? To that they say - yes we have. Where do you go with it and is there substance.
From what I saw - Im a believer now.
Im going to pass one more thought to you - my last "encounter" if you will was Monday evening and I tried to get pictures as well.
One Tuesday morning I was whipped and - I crawled to the bed and made it down
quickly (as you know I just got out of the hospital) When I awoke - I couldnt get my bearings - the bed was not under me. I was on my back on the bedroom floor facing the kitchen, the trash bucket turned over. I figured Id take care of it later and made my way to the bed once again.
As I lay, there was dripping coming from my mouth and I knew I must have taken a dive somehow (not recalling) and split my bottom lip but, on what??? getting up latter in which you worried, I checked the floor - no blood. I checked the doors (as if I might have passed out and hit one head on) - nothing. I checked my gums and my mouth but noticed my lips were not lacerated - not cut - and the injury didn't look like a hit to the mouth.
Rather - it looked like it had been "burned" inside my gums. It is healing now but - a point to ponder.

Exactly what I saw.
Secondly, (no there are no woman except you). My neighbor came up this morning to ask how I was feeling and if I need anything - give a call. Meanwhile she asked if I had chicken?? (thats all she seems to eat) Shes having
guests and running a bit low.
While I was getting her supplies, chicken - asked her if she had seen anything unusual on Sunday evening? She said, "no but had to close her shades/blinds because the whole area was lit up and she didn't know why". Just annoying. (Oh well)

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
