{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-22 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5498235.json","updb_database_id":5498235}
{dr}Sparkling UFO Dripping Metal, making absurd directional changes.

Traveling Northeast on HWY 26 (Grapevine HWY) from North Richland Hills TX to Colleyville TX. It was around 9:00pm, I had my girlfriend and her two children. The boy 4 years old and the girl 9 years old. I was heading to get some wine from the liquor store for Christmas Dinner a few days away. We all saw the object.

When pulling into the parking lot of Goody Goody Liquor, in Colleyville, I noticed an object to the north. At this point the object was so close it seemed to be about 200 feet directly above my truck. Before going into the liquor store, we all got out of the truck and stared at this object for about 20 minutes. It was moving very slowly to the northwest and seemed to be dripping what l can only describe as molten metal or plasma. It traveled on a slow pace and in one direction for about 5 minutes until our eyes adjusted to the night. There was very little light pollution in this area, at this time. Once our eyes adjusted we could see multiple objects, similar in shape and activity, in the distance (To the north). I'd have to estimate that there was at least 6 -10 similar objects. When focusing the camera on the initial sighting, the one shown in the video, the other objects eventually disappeared. (We didn't see them anymore, but we did not see them actually leave) 

The kids were frightened and the 9 year old said that she was scared. I had to lie to her and tell her that it was probably Santa Claus, and that there was nothing to worry about.

Continuing from about 10 minutes into the sighting, after the other objects vanished, we watched it move more into the distance, still making the same abrupt turns, going about the same speed, never stopping to hover, and still dripping the "metal". The store was going to close soon, so I went in quickly, made my purchase, and basically ran back out to the truck where the other 3 witnesses still stood, staring at the object. This is roughly about 20 minutes into the sighting.

After about 20 minutes, we noticed a new ball of light directly above the truck, making erratic movements and not dripping the metal as much (if at all). It seemed roughly 200 feet above the truck. This was the most disturbing of the sightings (not caught on film). It was closer, more detailed, and more strange than the other sightings. It was making movements that are obviously not of any conventional craft I'm aware of. Large, spherical shaped and emitting it's own light. It traveled slowly to the northwest, and this went on for about 10 minutes. Until, finally, my girlfriend made it known that we needed to get the kids out of there, and that it was late and they were getting freaked out. We left, as the "craft" was still in plain sight. (A huge regret of mine) We never checked back with the initial sighting...

Video: You'll see in these 2 clips, the same "craft". This will be the first sighting. This video was taken roughly 3-5 minutes within first noticing the object. (Video 1 = 29 secs, Video 2 = 10 secs) Keep in mind...the abrupt motion in the first video is me, and not the object. I was trying to film the other objects...you can clearly make a second object out in the first video at the bottom of the screen, about midway into the video.

I would really like to know if there are any similar sightings of this type, or sightings in the same area. If there are any questions, I'd be happy to answer them by phone or email. 

[name removed/CMS/dr]
