{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-08 20:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5528235.json","updb_database_id":5528235}
1-8-11 Saw two star-like objects in Plainfield Indiana.

Jan. 8th, 2011-Saturday 8:22 pm
My sister and I had to go around to the back side of the Target- Pier 1 Shopping Strip Mall on US 40 in Plainfield Indiana. I had bought heavy rugs from the Pier 1 store and the sales person was going to meet us at the back door to make loading my car easier. 

While driving behind the mall to get to Pier 1 back loading door, my sister and I, without any doubt, saw a bright star like object flying West-we were looking South. Plainfield Indiana is somewhat close to the Indianapolis In1t Airport, so anything flying to the West would not be unusual. 

Because it was familiar, the very bright white star-like shape caught my attention. We pulled into the Logan1s Restaurant parking lot to get a better view, the time was 8:22pm The moving "star-like object" came to a complete stop and then moved the opposite direction- left (East) in an swooping movement- and then it moved right again (West)-It then stopped and remained stationary for a time.

A second smaller "star" followed shortly after at 8:42pm. By 8:49 it was putting on a show for us. Side to side, climbing up, and then down for as long as we would watch -it had a "floating", "effortless" feel when observing it. I have set criteria for myself in trying to be accurate in determining that what I am seeing is not a planet, or truly a star etc. The very obvious and unusual back and forth, up and down movement from the two 1star like1 objects certainly fulfilled my rule.

I had been to the same area,the same time, on Nov. 8th, 2010(T.J.Maxx Store parking lot- I was facing South), I again noticed a bright white star object. The star object follow me in mu car from one end of a parking lot across the street (changing directions from looking at it in the South- East, to after it moved, I had to view it by looking West). I literally saw it make "snake-like" movements from one location to another (details to follow in reports)-Needless to say I was terrified.

I would assume my sister and I have had more "sightings" and experiences lately than the average person. Experiences that have been witnessed by my husband who is a medical doctor, my 16 yr.old son, two of my nieces, and two of my close friends who are educated researchers.

I will be grateful for Mufon1s expertise to help me gain insight on what is currently happening to my family.
