{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-03 19:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54662","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5504235.json","updb_database_id":5504235}
{cak} UFO stationed landed; rounded/disc shape; red, blue, green lights

When I viewed this possible UFO sighting, it was from: 1/3/2014 through 1/5/2014. I faced North towards Camelback Mountain (the 'camel's head' on the left, it's noes pointed west near Echo Park). I had became aware of it after my two daughters showed it to me and took me outside to the backyard that is directly facing Camelback mountain. That is when I noticed a small grouping of lights on Camelback Mountain.

With a couple days after New Years from this 'occurrence' I felt skepticism that this 'landed unidentified craft' might be old LED lights from the Holiday. There have are residents who display 'Merry Christmas' and 'Happy New Years' lit signs on the mountain occasionally but this cluster of lights appeared different and non-commercial in appearance. 

The unidentified presumed space craft was round in it's appearance and had visible blue lights along the rounded shape. If was a challenge to make out much because the lights blurred for my vision. It was near the top of the mountain just idling on a bed of rocks. 

My daughters and I DID NOT witnessed it fly onto Camelback Mountain nor saw it leave. It is more likely a UFO hoax or a misunderstanding but I wanted to report this anyway because I want an expert to look this case over.

The first time we noticed the lights was 1/3/2014 at night. The next day during the noon hour we tried to pinpoint the area where it was spotted before but we could not see anything. One my my daughter believed it might have cloaked itself undercover but we cannot know if this is true.

That same day (1/3/2014) I went outside at night and used binoculars to see the lights in detail. The 'body' appeared rounded possible disc-shaped like a Frisbee. It had tiny blue hued lights in along it's circle-shaped frame. 

My guess is these lights may have been used as a helicopter landing pad but I don't recall any helicopters in the area during those days we saw the lights. However, my daughter wrote in her sketchbook that evening and informed me a local news company reported on a child hiker who fell off the mountain near the same time as our 'light sighting'. The lights we spotted might have been to examine the area where that individual fell. 

It does seem odd however that during the lights on the mountain we had some kind of electrical interference. Our blue-hued pool light kept turning on every evening without our knowledge. While we were viewing the 'UFO', the pool light would suddenly turn on and off. I think it might have been a malfunction however... even when we manually turned the light-switch off, a few minutes later it would turn back on. I want to believe their was an issue with the cables but IF it was an alien craft... I may have been communicating with us. 

The last night we saw it on the 5th of January, our neighbors were outside their homes and I overheard them claiming it was a UFO as well. After looking closely at my photos I'm not 100% sure was it was. I want an expert to see and judge for themselves.
