{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-12 21:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5500235.json","updb_database_id":5500235}
{cak} While driving eastbound on rt.76, my wife and I observed a very large, low-flying dark triangle with a light on each corner headed west -bound.

My wife and I were returning to our home in Boardman Ohio from Akron Ohio. We were east-bound on Route 76. At 9:32 p.m. we were just west of Lake Milton, when I saw the object, very large and low, over the road. It was traveling west-bound directly towards us. I said to my wife, "Look, another black triangle!" We had a very similar experience about 5 years ago that was somewhat more dramatic, and have since come to learn a little more about this sort of sighting. At the time, I didn't know where or how to report such a thing, and have since wanted to report our original incident because it was more unusual, but I never made note of the date.
This time we wanted to do what we wish we could have done last time. I told my wife, "Quick, shoot some video!" since she had her phone in her hand, but she couldn't get it in video mode. I carry a point and shoot camera with video capability in my front pocket, and struggled to get it out, while keeping an eye on the craft, and drive in fairly heavy traffic at speeds 65-70 mph. I wasn't able to shoot any video. I had slowed quite a bit and the traffic behind me was getting angry. The craft originally appeared to be directly over the west-bound lane, heading west. It passed by us on our left, then veered towards the north-west. I could see it moving away as I looked over my left shoulder.
The object was very large, slow and silent. It had a dark, triangle-shaped body with one unblinking light on each corner. The one in the front was greenish-white, the other two were yellowish-white.
Since it was the second one we've seen, and there was so much traffic on the road, my wife asked, "How is it that people aren't seeing these all the time. I reminded her that it was in the paper that someone else had seen one very close to where we were with in the last year.
We felt a little chagrined, that even though we were a little more prepared this time over last time that we still didn't get anything. on film.
Let us know if you'd like to hear more about the first time we saw one of these objects, I think you'll find it interesting. 
I'm attaching a map with a red circle that shows the location of the sighting. With in the red circle is a red arrow showing the flight path we observed.
