{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-09 11:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101064","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5460235.json","updb_database_id":5460235}
{cak} Group of Object acting as observing our visit to the Lava Beds

We spotted what appeared to be group of UFO's to the east of the Lava Beds National Monument Park, as we climbed the hill with our car on main park road returning from the Petroglyph Point, we noticed off to the east in the sky strange objects hovering approx. (2-3). We stopped the car and both my wife and I observed these objects. What we noticed is that with our polarized sunglasses on we could see these objects, but once we removed our glasses we could no longer see them in the sky. As we continued to observe these (2-3) objects the number increased into probably (9-10) during a 10-20 second time period.  I decided to take out my phone and try to capture some photos of these objects as I snapped away I took a look at my phone photos and did not see what I was witnessing with my own eyes while wearing the sunglasses.  So I then decided to try to video tape them with the phone thinking maybe I would catch something to prove what we were witnessing. The group of objects split apart and approx. 3-4 of the objects moved extremely fast to the West of our location, as we did not even see them make that movement. As soon as I pulled the phone out to start capturing videos the object started moving erratically, during this movement I captured images of (2) of the objects moving in the sky.  As I continued on to video we spotted (2) objects that seem to be flying in a pattern basically appearing out of the blue of the sky flying under 30,000 feet as you can see a jet trail they pass under making extremely sharp and radical movements that allowed me to capture the objects in this film. As we left the park we then saw the object basically above the car as it was shaped almost like a sting ray shape as I was unable to capture this with my camera. These area seem to have a lot of commercial air traffic in the sky as this was happening.
