{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-22 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5209,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5468235.json","updb_database_id":5468235}
{td} Disc shaped UFO appeared directly under setting sun, only seen with sunglasses, moved away at ridiculous speed when I tried to point it out to my son. Then reappeared/disappeared.

Strangely, seeing the UFO was not the strangest part of the past few weeks. No joke.

Driving in the car with my 14 year old son to hockey practice, I was ruminating on my recent realization that the UFO phenomenon was real, that we had been visited in history, and soon the issue would be disclosed (probably in our lifetimes). I was very emotionally describing the intense feelings I was having after realizing that the phenomenon, which was meticulously denied in my lifetime, was indeed real,that the press was beginning to cover it, that the military and NASA was releasing video, and the incalculable, far-reaching, life altering effect this would have on humankind, the United States, and every other thing this realization was going to impact, some gloriously, some negatively. I was extremely passionate about it, and had a captive audience in my son who was listening intently. In short, the entire discussion was a grand confession of sorts of my strong belief and realization that the phenomenon was indeed real, pervasive, and fact based. 

No sooner did this conversation begin to wane, when I looked up through my windshield and saw a saucer with a top dome shaped object, all black, directly under the setting sun. Luckily, I was just pulling into the skating rink so was able to stop almost immediately and get out of the car to have a better look. I got out of the car and the object was still there, completely still and hovering. If the sun was the size of a quarter, the object was the size of an aspirin. I quickly tried to get my son to see it and used my fingers like a gun sight. As soon as he lined up his eyes with my fingers the object took off to the right at a speed that I cannot begin to calculate. My son, not seeing anything, went back to unloading the car and I went back to looking at the same area - and the object was back exactly where it was before. This time I removed my glasses, realizing I was asking my son to look directly into the sun, and realized that without my glasses I could not see it. I put my glasses on my son's face, wondering whether the prescription would be a hindrance, but he said he didn't see anything. I grabbed the glasses back and could not see anything either. It had gone. My son kept saying, almost hysterical, "You're crazy dad! You're crazy!" and I felt scared for him so I said something like, "it was probably just a plane. Let's get going" to calm the situation down. The funny thing is, within seconds of the event, a commercial airplane did pass somewhat nearby. It was comically slow compared to the object I saw, left a trail, produced a noise. The object I saw hovered silently, left no trail, and moved at exponentially greater speed than the plane did. I kept looking up but wanted to balance looking up with staying grounded for my son's sake. He seemed a little shook up by my reaction and I felt like it had effected him negatively. Almost like too much to take at one time, and improbable to the extreme that this would occur to me right after having a passionate discussion on the topic. "Crazy" did not seem an unreasonable assessment given the circumstances.

Given the week before, where I was having epiphany after epiphany about this subject, the appearance of an object seemed almost banal. I was amazed but not really shocked or thrown off by it. I thought that, given all I had come to realize in the preceding week, this seemed almost par for the course. My life and everything I thought I knew had already been turned upside down and this event was almost to be expected, now that my eyes had been opened, at peace with acceptance of the reality.

Furthermore, I knew this was coming. Not viewing the object or even the entire realization of the truth, but rather I had a feeling of foreboding for a few weeks before which I reported to my wife. I had the same feeling in the weeks before 911, once before a car crash, and other trite life experiences so reporting this to my wife was nothing completely unusual. I guess this aspect of "knowing" something big is about to happen is another story altogether and not one I understand at all. It just happens very occasionally and I can't explain it. Again, my wife can attest that prior to this event, and probably not since 911, I pronounced the feeling was back and something was going to happen. 

So, yeah, seeing a UFO wasn't the strangest thing that happened recently.
