{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-25 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36349","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5520235.json","updb_database_id":5520235}
invisible to the naked eye, visible with digital camera.

I was in Swift Forest Camp, Swift is a reservoir on the Lewis River in Skamenia County, Washington state. I was sitting by the edge of the water watching the sun starting to set sometime after 8:30 pm, I thought it looked beautiful behind the outline of the mountains and the tree line to the side, walked back to my campsite to get my digital camera then walked back to the lakes edge, the sun was already very low in the horizon and was able to take one photograph, I didn't like the way it turned out so I try to adjust the camera settings, I took to long, by the time I was ready to take the next photo, the sun had disappeared in the horizon. Still I could see the outline of the mountains and trees and decided to take some photos anyway, it was getting dark quick to where I could see a couple of stars high in the sky but couldnt see anything else besides darkness.
I did not see the object shown in the photographs, when I first looked at the photos in the cameras viewer, I assumed it was a star and didn't give it another thought. I upload the photos to my computer a few days later and thats when I realized that it was not a star or the moon or anything Ive ever seen in the sky. I don't know what I photographed and would like your opinion. When I zoom in the object appears to be moving, it has a disk-like shape and other features. Using the mountains below the object as a point of reference, the object appears to have travel a great distance within seconds.
I don't know what it was and im hoping that you might be able to identify the object.
