{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-20 02:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11638","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5548235.json","updb_database_id":5548235}
Crossed the sky from N.E. to S.E.

At approximately 2:40am I awoke from a disturbed sleep with the need to urinate. Went to the WC (which is located next to the sleeping/living area - I currently live in a university staff dormitory room. After urinating I poured myself a glass of water. My partner (girlfriend) had stayed the night but awoke and immediately complained of having had a bad dream. I asked about the dream. She said she had dreamt she had been 'examined' by 'ufo' people - indicated where by pointing to her mid-torso region at the base of the ribs on her right-hand side (if looking at her face-on). I quickly asked her what kind of examination and she said, "Stuck a needle in me." Surprised and bewildered by what she had said I immediately turned toward the window (the only window in the room) with the intention of looking out the window - I was thinking half-heartedly that perhaps a ufo would be hovering somewhere nearby - we had discussed ufos and aductions earlier that evening. The window faces in a southly direction. I live on the top floor of this five floor dormitory building - unobstructed views (mostly) of the southern sky. The instant I got to the window and looked out I saw the object in the upper right-hand corner of the sky. It was very bright (against a pre-dawn sky - dawn at this latitude and time of the year happens around 3:30am). In fact, it was bigger and brighter than a satelite (which I see as smaller dots of light when viewed in the night sky over this city). In fact, it was bigger and brighter than Venus (at least I think it's Venus), which can be viewed at this time of the year (from around 8pm low in the western sky and tracks slowly across the sky to the east). The object moved swiftly across the sky - no faster than a jet airliner would (at that altitude). I immediately yelled to my partner to come to window and see the object. She got to the window in time to see it for about 4 or 5 seconds before it disappeared out of sight (passed behind the dormitory building opposite mine). We stood stunned and amazed. Upon seeing the object (though I had half-heartedly expected to see a ufo) I first thought it was a satelite, but quickly realised it could not have been because of its altitude - lower than a jet airliner track (because jet airliners 1) do not pass so low over this city and 2) it was not following the usual jet airliner track over the city - east to west or west to east track. I guessimated its altitude as low because it passed through the rising vapours of a nearby medicine factory (the vapours are similar with those of a power plant); the medicine factory is approximately 3 kms from my dormitory building - in a S.S.E. direction. The object passed through the vapours not behind them like it would if it were higher than those vapours.
