{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-21 13:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497235","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62133","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/235/mufon-5497235.json","updb_database_id":5497235}
{rjl} GREY ALIEN IN PHOTO TAKEN AT HEDGE CREEK FALLS.

My friend had invited me to go to Mt.Shasta for the first time . He trAvels often and wanted to make sure i got to see as much as i could while i could . So he took me to a place cAlled Hedge Creek Falls in Dumnsmuir California .Its Beautiful trAil leads behind the waterfa) and up to a overlookof the creek/river and it approximately 50-75feet above the water on fenced platfrom . We had a hudge drout so there wasnt much water aside from a mother and her two young kids whom were on the way back down the trail to exit the falls we were the only oneS THERE AT the time , however i had an overwhelming feeling that we were not alone i snapped pictures on my cellphone in a few spots where i had odd feelings and of course forthe beauty of the falls too alThough as u can see in the pictures i was a distance above the water and at first glance you cant really see much but the seenary buT i knew i wanted A pic of the bend of the river where water appears like rapids i felt something was there but didnt see a thing . I didnt look at the picturea for almost two weeks after returnning home . When i did finally get to look at them i noticed a Grey Alien standing on the nank of the right side peeking over a branch it is just above center of the photo . However you have to zoom in a bit but its head shouldnt be hard to see. When i showed my friends alot of them didnt see the alien but instead insist they are seeing a bigfoot . I did not catch that figure until this week when my mother pointed it out to me. It is on the same side as the grey but more closer to me by a little it is very tall brownish and it too is behind a tree branch but looking at me .wich may explain our having heard a crazy animal we mever heard on our way out of the falls . I have included multiples of this picture because i tried to get it in closer and clean it up a bit but i have only a cellphone and am not to skilled in that area. Shasta is truely an active place and the energy is as powerful as its beauty for sure .
