{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4255,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5501173.json","updb_database_id":5501173}
everything turned red

Hello, first of all this is not a report of a sight, that's why my application is so vague. I'm writing this, cause I hope you to help me understand what happened, maybe you already received others reports like this one, maybe you know some explanation, but, in any case, please, let me know.
I don't remember exactly the year, month and date of the event, all that I know is it happens between 1990, 1991, in a wednesday. I know it was a wednesday, because I was coming back from the church that I used to attend the mass at wednesdays. I was between fifteen and sixteen years old, and was with my boyfriend of nineteen years old. It was a quarter to ten pm, I remember the exact time, because I had to be home by ten o'clock, at the risk of being punished by my parents. So, disregard the month I pointed in form, because I don't remember...
It was time to back home and me and my boyfriend start the way back. I use to live in a street named Prudente de Moraes, and we where at the Perp1tuo Socorro church, so we started down the street S1o Lucas, toward Adhemar de Barros and when we where crossing the street Silviano Barbosa, the most amazing thing happened.
It's difficult to explain, so let me give an example that is more familiar: the old photo labs had a dark room, usually illuminated by a red lamp. Within this environment, everything is in shades of black and red, right?
Well, we were crossing the street Silviano, and when we were exactly in the middle of this street, everything turned to black and red, as if we were entered in a photo lab's dark room! 
In the form you ask about the lights emission, well I can't say that was a light emission. In that moment, that lasted half a second (the time it takes for blinking my eyes three or four times) I thought I'd been hit by a car, and the shades of black and red that I was seeing, would be blood in my eyes.
I mean, the shades of black and red seemed to come from within, as if somethin had affected my vision.
Suddenly everything went back to normal. Me and my boyfriend were still there, in the middle of the street, in a kind of a shock. I look at him and asked: Did you see that? About the same time he asked me back if I had seen it too.
What we saw?
He told me he had seen it all turns red. Just like me. 
What could have been? 
I remember looking for street lamps, they usually shone. I remember we considered the possibility of a lightning, but there was no thunder, there was no physical sensation, beyond the disturbance of vision. We look to the sky, but he seemed dark, starless, overshadowed by the light of the street lamps. We saw nothing else. There was no explosion of any kind, no electricity transformer was burnt, there was nobody else on that street besides us. Nothing that could explain what affected our vision.
Since then I have been trying to find an explanation for this event. I've talked to physicists and meteorologists, they could not explain what happened. I thought it could be an atmospheric phenomenon known as "Sprite", but I was told that it only occurs at high altitudes in the atmosphere. S1o Jo1o da Boa Vista is about 700 meters form sea level, not high enough for Sprite phenomena.
Well, that's all! I hope you have heard about something like that before, because I can't believe it only happened with me and my boyfriend at that time. Please send me a feed back if you ever heard about something like this before, or even better, if you have any explanation. I don't know if this is related to UFO's, could it be? 
Thank you for your attention, and sorry about my poor english.
hopefully
[Name removed/cms/tg]
