{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-07 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5520173.json","updb_database_id":5520173}
I would like to report seeing a flying triangle seen in Knott County Ky on March 7-2012 at 8:55 pm.

I would like to report seeing a flying triangle seen in Knott County Ky on March 7-2012 at 8:55 pm. I was at my friends house located in Clear Creek which is in Knott County. I was looking at the moon which was very full this night. Then I saw a solid white light moving across from me on the ridge line just above my friends house. What caught my eye was that it was a bright light and was not blinking. No sound. Out to the front was a smaller white light and to its left was a third one. The sky was a real dark blue color. Not all the light of the day was gone. Or the moon was so bright it made it appear so. As I stared at the lights, I could clearly see it was a solid triangle with three white tips. Its body was blocking out the light in the sky which was lighter in color. I saw it for about 10 sec. before it was over the hill completely. I am a former US Marine. I was a forward observer / survey and was stationed in Hawaii on 1993-97 a Marine Base with an air field. I could tell you what aircraft was flying by the sound before anyone else could find it flying in the sky. This is my first ever report and my second ufo. The first was on the big island of Hawaii. Just a single amber orb that stopped dead in its tracts when me and my friend jokingly flashed it three times fast with a flash light. It stopped a few seconds then took off so fast it left a glowing tail that zig zag from left to right. Like waving a cigarette fast in front of you face. And was gone in one second moving away from us. Like is was afraid of us. But we went just as fast the other direction scared to death. The most scared I have ever been in my life. I hope this helps.
