{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-23 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3079,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5489173.json","updb_database_id":5489173}
{cak} Witnessed by myself and a friend (in the same vehicle) while driving home from work.

A friend and I were carpooling home from work headed east, when we noticed a bright white light ahead of us and off to the right (SW). Work gets out at 6:30 pm, so we must have noticed it around 6:35 - 6:40. My friend noticed it first, and made a comment something to the effect of 1wow that is a bright cell phone tower, when did they put that up?1 Being familiar with the area I knew that there was no cell phone tower nearby, and I realized that it was much higher in the sky, at that point in time, than a cell phone tower would be. As we continued driving down the road, toward the object, we began to intently watch it as we drew closer. The light was a very bright white, almost like the lights you would see at an outdoor football field. Eventually we noticed that there was not one light but three shining directly toward us. We both began to get a little unnerved, and said to each other that it must be a plane coming in for a landing because it appeared to get lower to the ground, but there are no airports/landing fields in the general area. We continued to watch it as it came closer, and were looking intently for strobe lights or red and green wing lights that a plane would normally have. It ended up having none. At this point we actually parked our truck in the middle of the road to watch as it past low overheard. It seemed to move very slowly across the road, somewhere between 500 and 1,000 feet over our heads. As it passed slowly over us we noticed that there was no landing gear visible, the body of the craft was a black/dark solid triangle, and it appeared to have six of the bright white lights. One at each point, and one centrally located between each of the lights on the points. It also had one sold red, unblinking light on the bottom center of the craft. We had our windows rolled down and could hear no sound whatsoever. As it passed over us, going NW, it abruptly seemed to change directions slightly toward the west without banking or making any type of obvious turn, and disappeared over the tree line. We were in a moderately wooded, residential area, however there seemed to be little or no traffic or people outside on the street. On a side note, several hours before we left work, my friend did see a twin rotor type, military helicopter fly over our worksite. I did not see it myself, but did hear the sound of the helicopter pass over my building.
