{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-05-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5493173.json","updb_database_id":5493173}
Red orbed lights and oval disk object 45 degree angle

I was sixteen years old at the time. I went out for a short evening walk in a residential neighborhood. It was an unusually calm cloudless evening with a blue sky. I was deep in thought thinking about school as I walked through a crosswalk. Out of nowhere I suddenly felt as if I were being watched. For whatever reason I quickly looked up and down from the sky and saw part of an object hovering with a triangular point or sharp edge. I was immediately spooked and walked forward briskly for about ten minutes. I finally stopped and thought at first this is foolish so turned and looked up and the object wasn't there, but as I looked behind me down the street a large red solid circular ball of light hovered for about five minutes motionless high above a house. Then it dissipated by closing in to the center of the object or light. I walked for approximately ten minutes forward down the street when I saw the same circular red orb light or object hovering above another house. It too last about five minutes before disappearing. Then directly across the street from where I was standing, half way between the first red orb sighting and the second, a whole bunch of opaque whitish circles of varying sizes moved back and forth dissipating into each other like a propulsion system or gas trail. Then came the final sighting. A few minutes after I passed under a tree and on the opposite side saw an oval object so far away high in the sky, cloud level even though there was no clouds. It had a gleam on the upper back metallic side and looked like it was moving slowly upwards at a forty-five degree angle. Suddenly the object seemed to pick up speed as a thin red line appeared as a trail from the object. The sky around the object turned a very deep reddish orange and then all was gone. No trail, no reddish sky.
