{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5494173.json","updb_database_id":5494173}
{nd} After aircraft braught attention to sky, two fairly dim lights quickly moving in parallel tracked from north to south then began 'dancing' wi/each other as they moved overhead & continued doing so until fading out of view at 20-25 degree inclination.

After stepping outside my vehicle, I glanced toward the lights of an aircraft (I'm a pilot and aerospace engineer who works on the development of general aviation aircraft so I typically will look at aircraft when seen). My sister is with me as well after we came home from a late dinner and we both have good vision. I saw two dim lights then appear near the aircraft, not implying they originated from the aircraft but in the same area which caused them to also catch my eye. The two lights about half the intensity of Jupiter were moving rapidly from the north and became seperated but flying in parallel. The distance they were apart and the speed at which they were approachig first made me believe they were a low flying aircraft seperate from the original I saw. However, there was no sound associated with them. They were also slightly yellow and not red and green like aircraft nav lights and there were no strobes or red beacon lights. The light intensity of them was constant. Only a second or so after seeing them I said to my sister what is that? Look? She looked where I was pointing and they caught her eye as well as she verbally affirmed. As they approached quickly they went from flying in perfect parallel as it seemed and started to move closer eachother, dancing and overlapping but continuing in a quick north to south direction. It was difficult to tell their altitude at this point and would estimate between 3000' and 10000'. Any altitude theirin would make them too quick to make a sonic boom based on being at various airshows and my professional judgement. When they started dancing together weaving in and out crossing eachothers path seemingly we both expressed our confusion at what they could be. My sisters husband who was also with us did not see them which is disappoiting but understandable due to their speed moving from where we were pointing and the distraction of other stars and that aircraft in the original vacinity. The lightings continued to dance together intellegently yet their speed and the rate at which they changed direction does not resemble any technology I have seen (especially that which wouldnt make noise such as missiles). It is possible their altitude was so high that sound did not reach us. However their paths do not make any sense for high altitude missiles nor their speed. The higher their possible altitude the more unnatural their speed would be. My sisters first thought was some sort of organism like a firefly but they were not flashing and she has never seen fireflies in her area. We looked around for others but did not find any. The fact they initially were flying parallel to eachother rules out fireflies as well. We lost view of the objects as they passed over the roof of a house maybe 20-25 degrees above the horizon. As they moved south their paths appeared closer to eachother (but still 'dancing') indicating to me their distance from us significantly increased during the 10 or less seconds from the time that we saw them to the north. The sighting made me confused. Ive never not been able to explain something I've seen, especially in the sky. There were no reported rocket launches and I have seen many living in Florida from cape canavaral both day and night. This was unlike any predictable trajectory a lunch to space would take. i am utterly confused at the moment which has caused me to make this post.
