{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-16 20:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2455,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5458173.json","updb_database_id":5458173}
{cak} Sighting Like I have never seen

I occasionally spend time on my back deck observing space debris flyovers. I am very well versed in observing the ISS and space debris that is in orbit, and the way it reacts to light from the sun in relation to brightness and fading. Tonight it is a totally clear sky, so just after dark I decided to look for random space debris flyovers. While looking almost directly overhead I noticed what I assumed was a bright star. It was completely stationary and began to behave as if a cloud was starting to cover it. I thought this was odd since their is absolutely no clouds in my area tonight, and I could see stars all around the object.. The object regained a small amount of brightness then it appeared to begin to decrease in size as it was moving directly away from me. Then in an instant it was gone. As I stated previously I am well versed in observing space debris, this object was stationary and brighter than any stars in the sky, that is what drew my attention to it. I live in a rural area without any significant lighting to interfere with viewing. On two previous occasions I observed an object that moved across the sky from north to south and then stop almost directly over my location, and remain stationary for an extended period of time until the shadow of the earth caused them to fade away. I assume these objects were probably satellites that were being moved to a new geosynchronous orbit, so I did not bother reporting them. Tonight was a different deal altogether. I have also seen Iridium flares and I am sure that this was not one of them. I decided to report this, because I am 100% confident that what I saw was unlike anything I have witnessed from a man made object, at least the ones that I am aware of. I also decide to report on the outside chance that others might have seen and reported.
