{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-27 03:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2209,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5456173.json","updb_database_id":5456173}
Huge ship and 2 other lights in the distance

Driving home in a bad rain storm my sister pointed out lights in the distance and asked what it was as we’ve never seen lights like this in this location. The lights would go out then turn back on. I said I didn’t know. My eyes were on the road as the weather was bad and as we passed out of the corner of my eye whatever this was lit up and my sister said omg that’s a UFO. I didn’t see it as again my eyes were on the road. So I said ok I’ll turn around and we’ll go back and have a look. So a little ways down the road I turned around and on our way back we could see 2 balls of light in the distance moving around and I said oh it’s over there now. I pulled into a gas station as this is where we had originally seen the UFO. Once I pulled in and stopped my car this massive ship lit up above my car, it was about 3-4 stories above us. I have read about people describing a ship to be as big as a football stadium and I would say this had to be in that size range, it was massive. I could see big lights on this thing, I could see the bottom of this craft. It was stationary and right above me. I was so scared that I reversed my car to get out of there. My sister in the mean time was trying to get her phone to work and telling me to wait so she can get a video of this thing but her phone wouldn’t turn on and I wasn’t waiting for her to figure it out. Looking back I wish I took an extra minute to watch this UFO as it was right there in front of my eyes but it was early morning with not another sole in sight and I was too terrified to stick around.
