{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-14 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5452173.json","updb_database_id":5452173}
3 separate objects one with tail

On my backyard deck cooking supper at 5:30.... Noticed one small bright light moving slowly from the tree line in east. After focusing on it I then noticed a smaller bright red light at some distance away following parallel with the white light. Both lights moving constant but separately from one another with no vapor trail. (Both trading off front position) I thought the objects too high to effectively video with my phone, so I opted for my binoculars. After trying all focusing methods on the binoculars I noticed the lights with total clarity. There was no structure connecting the two lights and no appendages. The white light was blindingly bright and the red one had a blinding white dot in the middle with a bright red hue around it. The lights were moving at a quick time pace from east to west. I had called my wife to come see but she was unable to see them. If I were to guess I would say they were between 4-6 miles high. I watched them util they were out of site in the western sky. My second sighting came about 3 minutes later when I observed one light moving very fast from south to north as I was looking west. Again the height was about 4-6 miles high with no vapor trail. My third sighting came about 10 minutes later. Looking where the first sighting came from I notice a bright light . Looking through the binoculars I noticed the object was a reflecting silver orb with a streaming silver tail like appendage moving like a kite tail but also seemed to move in the front, sides, top and back of the orb. (In a flailing motion) I called my wife out to see this as well...she was reluctant but she also did observe this sighting. Yay I'm not crazy!! LOL This object was much lower than the other two sightings. Maybe 2-3 miles high. We watched it until it disappeared into the southern tree line. I did contact FOX 25 Boston Facebook page to see if anyone else saw what I had seen. I will look into that later.
