{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290173","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2360,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/173/mufon-5290173.json","updb_database_id":5290173}
On an internet date with one

I moved to Massachusetts beginning of 2019 to my best friends house.
She talked me into getting on a dating site to get out more. I ended up meeting a guy and went to see him in Athol, Ma. We went out to dinner then back to his apt for a drink. We were sitting next to each other on the love seat, close. At this point I need to mention that he blinked a LOT. A real lot. Almost like his eyes were bothering him or they were really dry, I mention this because it had been distracting me the entire dinner. Well I am talking to him and he blinked and his eyes changed! The color and shape. Yellow orange with a line down the center for the pupil. I yelled STOP! STOP! STOP! NO LIZARD EYES NO LIZARD EYES!!! all the while I yelling at him (I have very strange reactions when scared) I am pointing right in his face.
He NEVER reacted to anything. The fact I was yelling nor that I was pointing in his face. It DID however take him a good 5-7 blinks before his eyes went back to normal.... At this point Im just dumbfounded. Still no response from him. Just stared at me. I was shocked, shaking and not sure what I should do. I did want to see what would happen after that so I stuck around for a little bit. I wanted to see if he would say something ... but nothing. Strangest thing to ever happen. I dont know what was more scary the eyes or the non-response to my reaction. I have been terrified to come out with this story. I moved back to NC and I told 2 people. I just didnt know how people were going to react. UFO's are one thing but this... I will mention that I have not heard from this guy since EXCEPT after the 2 convos I had telling the incident....the next day I received texts from him. I am shaking now as I'm telling this.
