{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43393","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2349,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5514798.json","updb_database_id":5514798}
(GS) Shape Changing Object

I was outside at work in the same area where 2 months prior I had seen a UFO in the sky. I was between Office Depot and Wal-mart taking a break around 9:00 p.m. when in the corner of my I noticed something in the sky. I looked over to my left in the distance and noticed an object in the sky which immediately dissipated. I thought at first I was seeing things. Then it reappeared, this time much brighter and bigger.

It was in the shape of a crescent or something similar and then it got smaller and disappeared once again. Then it reappeared and it was a cone shape almost, skinny and strange looking. Now the thing is it had the same glow as the moon so I looked around the rest of the sky and didn't see any stars so I assumed the clouds were moving over the moon, however when a cloud covers the moon it doesnt do it in straight lines! I watched it for a few minutes and it continued changing into different shapes. I pulled out my cell phone to take a picture of it but unfortunately my battery had run out which it always does.

Unfortunately I had to go back into work, but the strangest thing happened when I got home. I turned on my computer and checked facebook when a friend of mine in California had posted he had seen a UFO, then others started replying from across the country. One from Mississippi said that he and a few others had seen something as well, then one in Louisiana in a town that isnt too far from where I live.

Eventually my friend in California told me what he had seen and it sounded almost exactly what I had seen! I told him to report it to MUFON and I hope he has and if not Ill ask him again. Something is happening in the skies lately and I have been seeing strange objects for months now.
