{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-02 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5501798.json","updb_database_id":5501798}
{dr}The Sky opened up like a slit & a flower blooming emerged, then BAM, the flower bloomed into this huge glowing yellow & white flower. Next the inside came out and the whole thing went left, stop left stop up right then zoom left.

On June 2, 2014 my family was camping at Dixie National Forest, TE-AH
Campground site #37,Navajo lake, United States. We had set down for the evening, it was about 10:30 PM the sky was clear, it was about 50 degrees. My husband went down to our camper, my friend Ginger was setting next to me. I just looked up and out over the lake when this happens:

 Space opened (like a slit) 
 This budding flower came out
 Then BAM, the flower bloomed Like a POM-POM.
 The flower glowed, it had yellow white maybe even orange
 Next the inside of this flower came out, 
 And as it did the shape now was a Ball
 AS it glowed it went whoosh to the north the stopped and went east.
 Then it Zigged and Zagged went north, east, then north.
 and it went out of view over the horizon. 

The Next Morning June 3, 2014 something happened:

We were out drinking coffee and you could hear the jets coming in over,or to the south of us. It was loud and we actually thought the Jet
was crashing on or near to us. We jumped and actually ran toward this
crashing sound to see if we could help. However what I saw was a very
up close and personal view of an F-15 fully loaded with bombs and other stuff on the wings, It was about 300 feet above us. It was very close.
I could see the pilot's face, side view. Three other F-15's flew over
next And all flew over the lake to the north east.

We have been camping there for 6-7 years and never have we seen
any military aircraft.

In Brief:

We were Camping, the fire was great and I just looked up. I thought
this was really unexplainable and WOW it really looked like a
flower coming thru a tear in space and went from bud to full bloom.
Then the inside came out and turned the flower into a huge Ball
of glowing I do not know what. All of this took around three minutes
and in this period it went north stopped went left stopped then
zigged after all of this is just west north. This whole thing really
freaked me out.

This is my story of the event happened. My Husband and Ginger
will follow up with theirs. Once again: WOW
