{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3003,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5492798.json","updb_database_id":5492798}
{dr}My parents and I were coming home from supper when we saw it not far from our house. We observed the object for about 10 minutes.

My parents and I had gone out for our normal Friday night fish dinner and were on our way home when we saw the object. My mother was the first to see it and pointed it out to my father. I then leaned forward over the front seat and saw it. At the time I was about 10 or 11 years old, and growing up in the shadow of SJAFB was fascinated by all aircraft. My mom asked dad if it looked like it was moving and he said he thought it wasn't. 

I think we were about 5 miles from home when we saw it. As we got closer to home we became convinced that the object was stationary and near our home. We wrere traveling south on NC 111 which was our normal route home. As we got closer to the road we lived on it was only about 1 mile further away, so mom told dad to keep going. we pulled off on the side of the road about 1/4 mile from the Broadhurst bridge that crosses the Neuse river. The object was hovering silent over a house about 100 yards off the road. There were already 2 cars pulled off the road on the northbound side, a third pulled over soon after we did and another pulled over behind us.

Dad and me got out, mom stayed in the car with a handgun she kept in the glove box. Dad walked over and started talking to some people he knew, and I walked a little closer to the object, maybe 10 feet or so. It was definitely disc shaped and had a white glow. I knew immediately that it wasn't in the inventory of the USAF, because being a boy of that age I was fascinated and loved military aircraft and knew everything the US and USSR had. The disc was just above treetop level, I'd say about 50 fet off the ground. I'd say it was roughly 100 feet across. The man who owned the house it was hovering over, never making a sound came out, looked up and walked over to dad and asked him what it was, dad just shook his head.

I was about to walk over when mom called me back to the car. I was standing next to the car with her when I heard the jets, F4 Phantoms, scramble from the base. I thought " cool maybe they'll shoot it down ", but the disc shot off with blinding speed, never making a sound. The F4s flew directly over us, afterburners stiill on, I still remember the blue flames jetting out in the night. They were following it SW, but I doubt they caught it.
