{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-25 20:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3306,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5488798.json","updb_database_id":5488798}
{rjl} Singular cloud (low hanging) glowing bright red apart from all other clouds.

My fianc1 and I were driving on Interstate 40-E in between the cities of Mt. Juliet and Lebanon, Tn. We noticed about 1/2 a mile ahead of us that one particular section of clouds was glowing a bright red color. The weather conditions were rainy, thick cloud cover, no visible moon or stars. We briefly went through the options of what could be making the cloud glow that color (the moon, a light from the ground, etc.) The cloud was directly above the middle of the interstate, so we ruled out the option of a light on the ground causing the glow. The sun had been set for over an hour, so we ruled out that option as well. The moon was not in a current postion to cause the glow in that area. 
I pulled out my phone, since neither of us had ever seen something like this before. I snapped a few pictures and we then drove directly underneath the cloud and still it glowed a very unnatural red. The cloud hung fairly low, seemingly lower than the clouds surrounding it. We live in Lebanon, so once we got home we continued to discuss what we saw. While looking at the pictures I captured of the cloud, we notice that there were visible red lights in the sky above the cloud in the picture. Unfortunately, my phone camera did not capture the red coloration that the cloud was in person, but instead looks more yellow/orange in the photograph. However, the lights captured are indeed red. So, if I did capture a craft or whatever the red lights are, it would confirm the cause of the glowing red cloud below.

I am hoping you all can analyze my picture to rule out if the lights I captured were reflections from something on the highway or if the glowing cloud could have a natural, scientific explanation. A few weeks ago, we also witnessed a flying object with red lights across the street from our house in Lebanon, which flew in a very unnatural manner- going directly up, down and side to side. Also, disappearing and reappearing again. We took a video of the object, but the quality isn't the best. We have both seen drones before, and did not feel like the object was a drone (of course, we could be wrong). My fianc1 also heard a very strange, LOUD humming noise late at night while sitting outside our home last week (he described it as sounding just like a spacecraft from something out of a movie), so we are starting to get a little weirded out by all of this happening so close to our home within the past month!
