{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-10 22:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5505798.json","updb_database_id":5505798}
{rjl} Football field sized triangle hover just over our heads without sound for unknown time. Had three lights which changed

In the spring of 2010, I had been burning garbage with a neighbor and new drummer during darkness. Neighbor asked me, "whats that". When I looked directly east (over my house), there was a HUGE triangle hovering over the house. It had a light on each corner, (3 lights) and slowly turned and approached us. I couldnt move. The triangle came almost directly over us. If I could have moved, I could have hit it with a rock. The triangle blocked out the sky, changed light patterns independant of its three corners, and made absolutely NO sound. None of the three of us moved, ran, made any noises, fainted, pissed our pants, or even blinked. 
  Some time had passed, but I don't know how.

The huge black triangle finally quietly moved toward the south. It made no sound. It seemingly floated out of sight very quickly......and it was gone.

  Both men that were with me, said almost nothing. The neighbor and my new drummer both immediately went home to bed, and I locked the yard gate, crossed the street back to the house, and went directly to bed. 
  When I woke up the next morning, I could barely remember having had the experience. Seems that I lost about an hour and had to force myself to remember what had happened. I cant imagine anyone seeing something of this nature, and wanting to go to bed directly afterward. 

  My feeling is that I had been detained, analysed, tagged, and released. I now have a red bump on my left knee that wontt go away, nor heel. I would like to have it checked out to see what the hell happened to me that night. The neightbor had been a pill eater,....but he kept complaining for years that those damn ships keep coming for him. He didn't like being outside in open areas, he kept his eyes on the skies, he talked every day of his life about the aliens watching him, he described them to me before the incident, he warned me about them,.....
Now I think theyre following me too.
