{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-28 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104787","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5456798.json","updb_database_id":5456798}
{tjd} I witnessed a flying craft over my house full of lights and completely silent.

I was about 12-13 years old, I lived on Success Dr in east Porterville Ca. I frequently stayed out late with friends despite often getting in trouble by mom for being out late. On this particular night, from what I remember, it was about 1030-11pm On a dark quiet night. I was walking up the stairs to the back door of the house, as I reached to the door... for some reason I decided to look up, just then, I saw this large trapezoid-isosceles type shaped flying craft! It was right above me! It was so low it looked like the size of the house and was full of bright lights on it's under belly! It was completely silent, I might have heard a slight fan like sound and it was flying what looked like relatively slow... 10-15mph... just floating along.... I froze at first in aww.. and a bit of fear, as I saw it flying over wondering what I was seeing? I suddenly decided to run inside the house and tell someone to come out and look at what I was seeing! I ran in and first person I saw was my younger sister. I pulled her by the hand and took her outside the front door! The object or craft was still flying at same speed although now at a distance. First thing she asked was, "what is that?" Very excited I told her I didn't know but I was glad I wasn't the only one to see it. The object from that distance I could see a rectangle shape of its rear with two large separated bright red rectangles at each side. The craft was flying at a North West direction from the house. It would have flown over John J Doyle School and continued in that direction. None of the lights from the craft blinked they were just constantly on. I often talk about this experience with friends and family, when I searched for any other similar sighting in the same area and then finding this very similar or same sighting on (ufo Sentinel website) by someone else, brought more relief that I was not the only person whos witnessed that event that night. That inspired me to share my experience on its website and here on mufon. I have since witnessed other ufo sightings and experiences but nothing yet like that day or one at age 5 seeing a reptilian like being with glowing red eyes around 7am which I also talk about with friends and family.
