{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-28 23:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116584","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5286798.json","updb_database_id":5286798}
Cluster like objects fighting

My wife and I have been getting into Shortwave radio and drove out into the woods to try out the radio.
We noticed that we could hear the airplane beacons when they were flying by earlier this night.
Once we had a good lock on a station to listen to we parked in the parking lot and stared up at the stars.(We don't usually get to see them since we live in the city). We were blown away by how many there were.
We saw what we thought were shooting stars that night but they were so fast that we never could really see much of them.
We noticed a very odd shaped object that appeared to warp space around it while moving super fast across the night sky. Talked about it a bit and went back to star gazing.
Well after a while she pointed out a dot in the sky and asked me "Is that a satellite or an airplane?"
I promptly responded "Does it have a blinking light on it?"
I then turned my head to look at the area that se was pointing, and it appeared to be a star. The only issue was the star was pulsating from green to white. And before I knew it BOOM there was more than 20 different white dots in this small section of sky. This area of sky couldn't have been larger than a penny held out at arms length.
All of these dots were moving slightly
I then said "I have seen these before this is exactly what I saw during a trip I had near Whistler, except the ones there were purple and white"
She responded "Ah."
A few moments passed then she said "Did they do that?". The lights had proceeded to what look like shoot white beams at the other ones. Causing the other white dots to move around, and break into more white dots ,almost like a dog fight.
I responded "no". We continued to watch the fascinating display that was not of this world. Trying to make ourselves feel better about what we were seeing. Making references to Star-Trek and discussing what an alien species politics would be.

Towards the end of this display we saw several of of the dots emit a blue laser beam that turned into what looked like a blue laser net. One of these nets ended up with all of the white dots halting movment. One of the white dots continued to move and turned into a large white streak in the sky. We think it was entering the atmosphere. After a period of time all of the white dots dissipated. 

There was no way a camera would have been able to pick this up. There was no radio interference.
