{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-18 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291798","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/798/mufon-5291798.json","updb_database_id":5291798}
With naked eye, object looked like 2 stars dancing, but when zoomed in With camera, looks much different

Every night, around 2 A.M to 4 A.M, I go stand on my porch to observe the stars and enjoy the silence. This particular night, I noticed an object that looked like a star, but then it seemed to split into 2. I went inside to get Brad. When he came outside, he confirmed my description. We observed the object for about 5 minutes. Brad went inside to shower and I decided to get my cellphone to try to zoom in on the object. I zoomed in just enough to see that the object seemed to be lowering a bright object, then retracting the object, over and over. When I zoomed in more, the object looked completely different. It took on a disc shape, that was grey, with flashing lights of various colors. I then decided to take a video because the object seemed to change shape, while moving around. It had blinking lights off various colors and brightness. At one point, the object seemed to pulsate before changing shape. I continued to record the video for almost 6 minutes, until I started feeling a presence and heard a noise behind me, on my porch. I stopped the video and took a few pictures, while zoomed in. The pictures showed the object with a flame behind it, while moving around. Feeling uneasy and not alone, I then went inside and locked the door. About an hour later, I went outside to see if the object was still there. It was still there, but wasn't moving or blinking like it was before. The next night, I went out on my porch to see if the object was there again. It was, but was in a different location and seemed to have no activity. But there were also only 3 "stars" in the sky. These 3 "stars" formed the shape of a triangle, about the size of 2 football fields. There wasn't any noise and no other objects, not even stars were present. Every night since, I've observed the original object in the sky, but little to no activity.
