{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-13 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479142","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80963","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/142/mufon-5479142.json","updb_database_id":5479142}
{cak} 3-5 Orange lights. Size of orbs were like distant street lights in the sky. Moving precisely, not with the wind.

My girlfriend and I were picking her kid up from gymnastics, in Frankfort, IL, and started heading north on Laraway rd. It was a full moon so we were looking at it casually, and then observed 5 orange lights near each other toward the east. We thought to ourselves those "planes" are really close to each other, but then thought planes don't fly that close to each other; or emit a solid orange lights. Normally they pulse a tiny white and red light.
 On our way home we couldn't stop gazing upon the lights, we were fixated trying to figure out what they were. They weren't moving in any specific direction just kind of motionless. Then one light noticeably went to the left, and another to the right, and then disappeared. Then there were three left.
 We thought Chinese lanterns because of the color. But that means the lights would move with the wind or move in a general direction, which they didn't, and even Chinese lanterns start to dim over time and distance. These were noticeable bright orange lights. Once we hit Route 30 we started heading East, traveling toward the lights.
 We started in Frankfort and ended up about 10 miles East (past Chicago Heights). Over that course of time the lights formed a triangle formation, vertical line, horizontal line, and staggered vertical line, and then went to two lights. It went to two lights after it formed a perfect triangle.
 When it became two lights they seemed to create distance from each other, and close back up. They again formed a vertical and horizontal line, and when they were in the lines they moved simultaneously and in unison; keeping a perfect distance from each other moving down, up, left, and right (slowly but precisely).
 When the lights were vertical, the one on the bottom moved to the left of the other one (while the other one remained motionless) and then slowly disappeared (within 3 seconds). Then approximately a minute later the last light disappeared.
 We turned around because we were in a bad area. So then we started heading west, the direction we just came from, and my girlfriend told me to look behind us and see if I could see anything. Sure enough there were 3 lights again in a vertical line.
 Still gives me goosebumps thinking about it and writing this out.
