{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491142","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68431","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/142/mufon-5491142.json","updb_database_id":5491142}
rjl} Seen as medium star under heavy cloud cover

My friend and I went to the west end of the Sabino Canyon parking lot in Tucson on 7/4/15 and we set up night vision cameras for a UFO night watch since we're enthusiasts. At approx. 8:45 PM we saw over the Catalina Mtns. to the NE a bright medium sized star which would be impossible due to multi layers of heavy clouds. Also airplanes never have their headlights on over areas of wilderness as far out as this light was.

I immediately turned my camera on (I have a Luna Optics color night vision camera). I have the camera running to a 7" monitor and both are tripod mounted. The light was seen in the monitor as 2 lights close together on the horizontal and to the right of these lights (from my perspective) there were huge flashes of bright blue light. As the lights sat stationary for a couple of minutes a 3rd light began to be seen between the two.

I'll let the video speak for all the events that happened after that since they are too numerous to detail. The main things to notice are at the very beginning my camera swings to the right just enough to pick up the radio towers on the top of the Catalinas that are about 8 to 10 miles from where my camera was set up. They are out of focus yet the lights in the sky are in focus. I have the focus set for clarity of stars and satellites. Jets that are 20 to 40 miles away are in focus in the night sky as well. Thus we estimate that this object (or more likely 3 independent objects) is probably 30 to 40 miles away and can't be too far due to it being under the heavy cloud cover.

Also to notice are changes in overall lighting in the video most of which are due to car taillights as they exited the park. About 4 minutes of the video had to be edited out due to car headlight interference washing the video out. However, about half way through the video (at the 4:10 mark) there are seen staccato bursts of light and then the big green light appears in the sky to the left of the primary lights. These staccato bursts are not from cars, from us or anyone else since we were isolated in the far southwest corner of a large parking lot. I believe these lights were generated by the UFO itself since there is no other logical source. 

Also to note if you look very carefully at the 5:08 mark a very faint, white ghosted image appears to the left of the mountain top and this moves across towards the original display of lights and then at 5:25 a second row of 3 lights materializes to the left of the original. 

When the primary row of lights seems to change shape and become a blurred mass of one object, that is only because I am trying to get a better focus. The last couple of minutes of the video shows how stable these 3 primary lights actually were with no drastic changes in their shape or position in the sky. The video ended because my camera ran out of memory. In reality the lights stayed on in an unchanged way for another couple of minutes and then suddenly blinked out without having moved. 

My video is 8 minutes long but with the lost footage of about 4 minutes and with the ending lost the actual duration of the incident was likely 14 to 15 minutes long. The lights again showed up 27 minutes later but this time one stationary light gradually became a horizontal row of 5 white lights with more flashing and other lights appearing and disappearing in the vicinity. 

My friend has a very poor Pulsar night vision camera and he caught both events on video and although very poor some of the variables that I mentioned can still be discerned. His night vision captures can be seen on YouTube on his channel. The second incident that happened 27 minutes later lasted approx. 9 minutes and again ended with the primary light(s) from a stationary position throughout just blinking out.

Hopefully the video file I sent is watchable but if not it can be found on my YouTube channel under my exact name that I've provided.
