{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-31 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529142","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/142/mufon-5529142.json","updb_database_id":5529142}
Group of reddish-orange lights moving slowly across the sky.

On Halloween evening, my daughter, my neighbor and I were standing at the end of my driveway handing out candy to trick-or-treater1s. 

At one point all three of us observed a line of 4 reddish-orange lights emerging slowly from behind the trees to the north. I saw what appeared to be a 5th reddish-orange light trailing the other four at a little distance, but when the group of 4 emerged into our line of sight I no longer saw the 5th light. 

The 4 lights traveled as if they were attached by a string, that is, the distance between them did not vary at all as they moved. Perhaps this indicates that they were attached to a craft of some sort, but none was visible. 

The lights traveled very slowly, from right to left, across our line of sight in a westward direction. As they moved far to the left they dimmed and flickered out, one by one, until they all disappeared. I tried to take note of whether they passed behind a cloud, and I don1t think that was the case. 

As far as distance and altitude, I can only say, and my daughter agrees, that they were quite a distance away, maybe one-half to one mile. They were above the tree line, so maybe a thousand feet or so altitude, given the distance. None of us heard any sound from this craft, if that1s what it was, but given the distance from us, that1s impossible to determine. 

My neighbor dismissed this whole thing, saying they were 1balloons1, but that doesn1t make sense. I1ve been thinking about this and decided it1s definitely out of the ordinary, so decided to report it. My daughter agrees.
