{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-15 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290142","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/142/mufon-5290142.json","updb_database_id":5290142}
Multiple, Welding Light Bright, UFO's Ascend, Hover, Ascend, Fly away

I walked out my front door to help my wife carry groceries into the house from her shopping trip, when I noticed a blue white, welding light bright, very large ball of pulsating light hovering over an area that seemed to be located above the US ARMY TACOM--TARDEC Tank Automotive Command And Engineering Center in Warren Michigan, which is located.just South West about 5 miles diagonally from my home. 
It appeared to be hovering at a very low altitude of around 500 or more feet above the ground. It appeared as an extremely bright ball of blue white pulsating light that looked exactly like a welding electrical arc of very large proportions.
It hovered there stationary for a few of minuets, when I also noticed another dimmer, white strobing light hovering just a 100 or so feet below it.
I said hello to the "shining Ones", because I have spotted these exact same UFO's hovering and then moving away from that exact same area on multiple occasions over multiple years, both from my home, and also while I have traveled from my home to my father in-laws home about 4 1/2 have miles away, with multiple witnesses to these events.
The brighter blue arcing light then ascended to 500 feet and then stopped and hovered when I asked it to. I then asked it to move slightly to the West if it was understanding me, and it did so. I asked it to move back to the left if it understood me, and it did so. 
The craft then ascended to 800 or 1000 feet, and then it turned or pivoted to it's left on it's center axis, the bright blue arc light dimmed down or went completely off, and then a steady white ball of light appeared on the front of the craft, and there was a small blinking white strobe light to its rear of the craft, denoting both its size and relative length, since the strobe light was separated a very noticeable distance from the front of the craft, like the length of a 747 from nose to tail. The strobe light could have always been on, but hidden from my view when the front of the craft was pointed at my direction.
The craft then flew West, first slowly, then taking off and traveling in an arc South South West at a high rate of speed. It far outpaced the 747's flying in their circular holding patterns in the flight lanes for Metro (DTW) Airport to the South South East of my home which I have seen for my entire life both up close at the airport and from those flying just above and south of my house.
Then, the dimmer white light of the second craft that had been hovering low to the treetops just below the first craft ascended to the exact same spot the first craft had been hovering at to 500 to 800 feet, and the front of the craft grew into an extremely, almost painfully bright, yellowish gold arcing/flickering ball of light.just like the first craft except the light was yellow/gold instead of blue/white of the first craft.
It then ascended to about 1000 feet, pivoted on it's axis just like the first craft, and the front of the crafts light dimmed to a whitish yellow ball of light, a white strobe light turned on at the rear of the craft, just like the first craft did, it hovered there for a couple of minuets, while I noticed a third craft appear in a low hover where the second craft had started out at.
The second craft then flew west south west slowly, and then it picked up speed and quickly followed the first craft's course at a very high rate of speed.
Then the third craft followed the second crafts maneuvers and changes in appearance, ascending and then flying away, when a fourth craft appeared where the first and second craft had been hovering, and so on. 
I gave up watching after seeing seven or so craft repeat all of the same movements as the first craft.

But the very first craft appeared to be wider, taller, brighter, and generally much bigger than the other craft that followed it, and it's bright arcing blue/white forward light was much much bigger and brighter than the craft that followed it, flying away in the leading crafts direction..

I could see the craft far away to the west south west of my house in the direction that they had flown, but it was too far away from my position to see if the craft stayed together in a group.
