{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-01 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483142","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2643,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/142/mufon-5483142.json","updb_database_id":5483142}
{dr}It was tumbling upward and changing colors

1.) I was going for my morning walk on Wednesday. I walked into town, and was planning to buy some water and head home.

2.) I looked up as I was turning to walk into the shopping center. It was the colors that made me notice it. I'd never seen anything like it before. And then it was tumbling. Not floating, hovering, or flying - it was flying upward in a cartwheel-like manner. 

3.) I didn't know what to think because I'd never seen anything like it.

4.) It first looked black but then I saw colors. It would flash bright blue, yellow, and red. It started off below the clouds, but as it tumbled, it was rising so that it was very high, above the clouds. With my naked eye, I saw it tumbling. On my video, it appeared to jump suddenly from one place to the other very near the end of my video. When I finally stopped filming, it was because the drone had reversed its course and moved so it was positioned right over top of where I was standing.

5.) At first, I was amazed, it was beautiful. I had never seen anything like it. Then I was worried it was going to hide so I asked it not to. Of course, I was just thinking aloud. I didn't think whatever it was would end up positioning itself right above me, especially since it ended up moving in the opposite direction to do so.

I don't know what I saw, so I don't know if this was a coincidence, but all I know was it frightened me and I ducked into the shopping center. From that moment I was filled with terror. I was very much afraid, and I refused to walk home. I actually called my mom and asked for a ride. I felt very nervous for the remainder of the day. I only feel mild unease a couple of days later. 

6.) I stopped filming and fled into the store. I don't know what happened to the object after that.
