{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286142","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117249","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6874,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/142/mufon-5286142.json","updb_database_id":5286142}
An extremely brilliant stationary while light near Rachel, NV with a smaller second object with structure slowly moving around it.

While traveling from June Lake, CA to St George, UT, the Google shortest route took me down the whole 100-mile length of Nevada State Road 375, also know as "The Extraterrestrial Highway', from NW to SE. This report is that of my third sighting on the same night of very strange flying objects I observed along SR 375. The first two reports of my first two sightings are report numbers 117246 and 117248.

   As I was a few miles NW of Rachel, NV traveling SE on SR 375 I was still trying to catch a glimpse of the pulsating brilliant red object I described in report number 117248 when I had yet another baffling sighting, my third of the night. I saw an amazingly brilliant white light up ahead and slightly to the right of the road. It was stationary or perhaps moving very slowly--hard to tell in a moving vehicle.  I believe I first noticed this light about the time I crossed the county line from Nye County into Clark County a few miles NW or Rachel, NV on SR 375. The apparent size of the object at my closest approach to it near Rachel was multiple Venus diameters or the size of a penny at arms length, but its size was hard to judge because of its brilliance that was so intense that it was hard to look at, almost blinding if I stared directly at it. 

   My entire trip on SR 375 to this point had been in pitch black darkness. There was no moon and near zero artificial light in this empty desert, (other than the car headlights.)  I'm certain there was no moon at the time of this report because I saw a thin yellow crescent moon rise later this night of August 3-4. Until this point in my trip I had no views whatsoever of distant terrain on SR 375 except those from the glow of my two previous sightings when those objects were near the ground.  When I first saw this new object from several miles away it was lighting up a 1000 to 2000 foot high mountain ridge just behind it. The terrain illumination was comparable to that of a full moon high overhead. After checking a map, the mountain ridge I saw is the 15-mile-long, north-south ridge that has its northern end about two miles south of Rachel. The initial inclinations of the brilliant object and the top of the ridge were both about 5 degrees when I first noticed the object, and my last view of the object was more than 20 degrees inclination when I was nearest it just before reaching Rachel. Therefore, I am pretty certain that the object was 1000 to 2000 feet above the valley floor just west of the mountain ridge and a few miles SSW or SW or Rachel, just south of the beginning of the mountain ridge that begins south of Rachel.

   When I crested a small ridge a few miles from Rachel and got my first view of Rachel, a saw illuminated the entire mountainside, and the northern end of the valley south of Rachel and west of the mountainside. The brilliant object was lighting up perhaps 20 square miles. It was an amazing sight and a stark contrast to the pitch black darkness of the previous 60 miles of SR 375 I'd just traveled.
 
   I also saw on my approach to Rachel numerous other much dimmer lights around Rachel. I saw lights on or in front of the mountainside south of Rachel, and lights in or over the valley west of the mountain ridge. Some lights were moving slowly and some were stationary. Most were dim white. I think I saw some red and green lights. I was surprised at seeing so many lights in such a sparsely inhabited area. These lights could have been aircraft navigation lights, lights of vehicles, or lights from houses in the vicinity. In the town of Rachel itself, there are a handful of streetlights, some houses, and the business named the 'Little Ale-y-Inn' with a rack of multi-colored lights you can see for miles and an Alien head out front to advertise a place where you can listen to Area-51 lore over a cold beer..

   As I approached Rachel, I also saw a second object that defied explanation. It was a line of 3 small white dots close to the larger brilliant white object. I call the 3-dot object a single object because the three dots moved and rotated as a unit, always colinear and equidistant from each other no matter how they were oriented. Sometimes the dots were stretched out to the size of a penny at arms length, and sometimes they were bunched much closer together, but they always were in a line with each other and never more than a few 'penny-lengths' from the near-blinding white object. The 3-dot object looked as if it could have been an invisible black bar or rod with a small bright light at each end and another in the middle that by some unknow means slowly rotated on a random axis as it slowly orbited the brilliant white object. It looked like it was slowly floating weightlessly. The whole scene, that valley and mountainside lit by an artificial 'moon' with that 3-dot object slowly orbiting it was utterly surreal. I have no idea what it was.  I also don't know if my two previous sightings this night on SR 375 this night were connected or just coincidence..

   On the report form I said I am the only witness. There is actually one other witness on all three reports who wishes to remain anonymous, and I saw no way to express that on the report form. She was the driver of the car I was in. I was riding shotgun. If anyone with MUFON really wishes to speak with her to confirm my story or provide more information, then if you contact me I may be able to persuade her to let me provide you her contact information.

   Also, please note that this second witness also saw a blinding white light on SR 375 three weeks earlier when returning to St. George, UT from a an earlier backpacking trip in the Sierras. She said the light that night was of the same size and blinding intensity she saw the night of this report.. She saw the light directly in front of her car for many miles. She was extremely alarmed because the light appeared to stay the same distance ahead of her no matter how fast she drove.  She tried slowing down to a crawl, and so did the light. She sped up to 85 MPH, and so did the light.  Eventually, the brilliant light just winked out, and she only saw total darkness ahead.
