{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-14 17:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5528187.json","updb_database_id":5528187}
Small, orangish light. Darting in seemingly random directions at a moderate-fast rate

I was sitting outside of the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles waiting to go to work in that building. I was early so I reclined on one of the large, cylindrical concrete sculptures outside of the entrance near the convention center (essentially lying on my back). I was looking upward at a patch of sky that was between the Staples Center and Nokia Center. As there was a Lakers Game this night, there was commotion on the street and numerous spot lights were shining into the sky, criss-crossing each other. I was watching these crossing lights and noticed that when one looked at a star, one could create an optical illusion such that the star looked like it was moving slowly in relation to the moving spotlights.

Oddly, while observing this phenomenon, my eyes caught a small, orange, star or planet-like object that was genuinely moving. I knew it was moving for real as opposed to the optical illusion I was noticing because I compared its motion to the stability of sky-scrapers and stars. My heart began to race and I stood up still watching the object. It was darting across the sky at a quick but not exceedingly fast rate. It moved in seemingly random directions without stopping at all when it changed direction. My first thought was that it was a reflection of some kind (perhaps a laser pointer) off of overcast/clouds/smog but the sky was clear enough to see stars even in downtown. I wanted to call someone's attention to what I was seeing but did not want to lose sight of the object. I considered the possibility of a helicopter but it was evidently much higher than a helicopter could possibly fly and moving in ways a helicopter could not. It covered relatively large areas of sky in no time at all, but not such large areas as to seem completely impossible, but I have absolutely no knowledge of any human vehicle that could move in the same way. I watched the light move around the sky for about 10 to 20 seconds. The light eventually moved over the Staples Center from my perspective and I could no longer see it. I walked partially around the building and was not able to locate it again.

My immediate reaction was a sense of some panic and shock. I am a college educated person. I am no UFO "nut" or devotee. I have never been opposed to the idea of extra-terrestrials but I also have maintained skepticism. I have never actively sought a UFO. I have no real reason to believe that this incident does not have a logical explanation, but I can't think of what it would be. I know what I saw, I just don't know what it was.
