{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-19 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5523187.json","updb_database_id":5523187}
I was driving and all of sudden all was lit by blue/white light -then flash above tree line and then gone. No storms or search helicopter seen.

I was driving home from my evening job about 11:30pm on 10-19-11. I turned into Pocoshock Dr. from Hull Street Road and about 100 ft after turning in, suddenly everything illuminated with a blueish white light that continued for what seemed about 3 seconds. It was almost as if a light switch had been turned on. I could not see or figure out what was causing such a bright light. There are mature trees on either side of the road so it was difficult to see a large enough portion of the sky. My thoughts were, "Are we being attacked? Is this an explosion?" I braced for a bang but then the night blackness resumed--followed quickly by a flash over the tree tops to my right and then whatever the source it was gone. I did not see any indication of a UFO craft--just the amazingly bright light that I described. I immediately rolled down my windows to listen for thunder--but there was nothing but silence. 
 
I thought at the time that surely lightening that bright and low as to illuminate such a huge area would cause a big bang--but again there was nothing but silence. There were no other cars traveling on the street that could have been shining bright haligen headlights at me. I pulled over on Dell Drive on the Surreywood Subdivision side where I could safely stop and I looked out the car window for signs of storm clouds or for a search helicopter--but neither existed. The sky was silent and filled with wispy clouds--but no storm clouds that I could see.

I was very puzzled, but surprisingly calm. The odd light had been so bright that my eyes slightly ached at the back of my eye balls--but strangely I did not see spots in front of my eyes as would be typical when a bright light was shined in your face. This was definitely a very unique occurrence and has kept me thinking about it and researching similar reports on the internet. I have shared the experience with my family and co-workers--who have listened kindly and considered the event odd as well.
