{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-27 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117201","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5286187.json","updb_database_id":5286187}
Symmetrical caravan of UFOs appear and disappear

My boyfriend and I were mountain biking and camping in Hurricane, UT In late April of 2020. Around 10pm on April 27th, we observed three glowing lights appear from what seemed out of nowhere in the sky. The exact degree is hard to determine, but the phenomenon occurred slightly to the right of the moon in the sky. The lights traveled in a perfectly strait line and were equidistant from each other. Three more lights promptly followed the original group, originating from the same unknown source in the sky. Three more emerged, then three more, until eventually there was a continuous caravan of perfectly symmetrical grouping of three glowing lights traveling across a space in the sky equal to about how much space in the sky your closed fist would take up if you fully extended your arm. The groupings in the front of the caravan were seemingly disappearing out of thin air in the same fashion they arrived, simply following the orb in front of it into a fold in space. The best way we’ve been able to describe it, was it was like two doors opened on each side for the lights to emerge from and then return to. The event took place for about a minute or two then stopped as the last grouping of the caravan disappeared into the blackness of space. 
The lights were clearly very far away. We have spent a lot of time in the Utah desert and have observed countless satellites and these appeared to be much further away than that. Yet, the lights glowed with intensities similar to a star. We even went online, and discovered the star link satellite, which is literally a train of satellites that orbit the earth and look like a train. But once we looked at video of the star link, we quickly saw major differences. The most obvious difference being, when observing the star link satellite, you can watch it travel across the entire horizon. What we saw consumed a very small space in the sky. Not to mention, we looked up where the star link satellite was at the time we saw this phenomenon, and it was over Africa at the time. We even discovered a news article from that weekend, discussing being able to watch the star link satellite the night before in a nearby town called St George, so we knew it was impossible that was what we saw.
