{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5491187.json","updb_database_id":5491187}
3 Redish-Orange Glowing Objects Changed from Diagonal to Triangular patter then ascend into the night sky.

This event took place in 2012. I was on my way home from work one evening approximately 9:45PM Travelling from Amherst to Parrsboro, NS (Cumberland County) Southbound on the 302. Right before I reached the small village of Maccan, I noticed what resembled the red lights of a cellphone/other towers to the south west above the Maccan Woods.. There were 3 lights in a diagonal pattern with the highest on the left and lowest on the right. Being familiar with the area and never seeing these lights before, and knowing there were no such towers in the area, I decided to pull over to the side of the road to try and get a better look. I remember feeling the excitement, hoping to be a witness to a UFO encounter, however sceptical that it was actually happening. Luckily I had my Celestron Skymaster Binoculars with me. Still hovering in the same position I looked through my binoculars and was able to see the objects but was not able to get them into sharp focus. They appeared to have a curved bottom and had a flame from the top as if they were burning through the atmosphere. However these objects still had not moved. I was able to look at one of them for about 10 seconds before it ascended upwards. It had risen to the same hight as the one on the left, transforming the trio of lights from a diagonal to a triangular pattern. This gave me great excitement, so I reached for my Canon Rebel T2i. Before I was able to get it turned on and focused the objects from right to left, one at a time took off at incredible speed and vanished into the night sky. I returned to my car and headed home, feeling disappointed that I was not able to get any proof of my encounter, however very excited that it had actually happened.
