{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-03-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5492187.json","updb_database_id":5492187}
{jpg} several lights in the sky, while star gazing with friend. Noiced that the lights were turning abruplty at sharp angles, I thought it was satelites till my friend said satelites do nto turn at those angles.

not long after seeing the lights traveling at different angles in the night sky, I had a strange experience.

I was taking the metro home from work. It was a very crowed metro, peak hours, all chairs were taken and several standing. The metro came to a stop, the doors opened several more people came in, but there was one that caught my attention creating a suffocation feeling and I became extremely uncomfortable. Trying to reason with myself that the feeling was ridiculous and uncalled for I tried to focus on not looking in his direction. From what I glanced at quickly from time to time this person had absolutely nothing unusual about them. average height, brown hair 30 something, casual office dressed, standing at the far corner of the metro. I continued to focus on showing nothing and looking out the window, when the metro stopped and the person next to me left. There were several people standing next to the chair but no one sat down when i noticed he was walking towards the empty seat next to me, and sat down. I focused even more on showing nothing and continued looking out the window. We did several stops when he got up and left. But just before he stood up he rested his hand on my knee and then squeezed his thumb and finger so hard on my leg that the pain ran through me so hard it took my breathe away he did this as he slowly stood up. I had no marks or bruises however and i bruise very easily. The memory and feeling is as sharp today as the day it happened and I have a very poor memory but not only poor I do not affiliate emotion with my memories very well. This experience is very different and when i think of it i become irritated uncomfortable and a deep desire to understand. Now I don't think that the two experiences have anything to do with each other. But both were within the same week and both extremely unusual. I was alone for this experience but the story above I was with a friend.
