{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-08 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5512187.json","updb_database_id":5512187}
(GS) My husband and I saw a red fireball like circle over the tree tops that hovered around slowly until it suddenly disappeared completely!

My husband, children, and I pulled in to my yard after getting some dinner for the kids. The kids ran into the house to eat and my husband and I were slowly getting out of the truck. For some reason I started to walk toward the middle of the yard (away from the house) and thats when I noticed the red ball of light in the sky. I yelled to my husband "Baby come look at this, hurry" as I was scared it could go away at any time. He came from the truck to where I was standing and we both saw the light. I then told him lets walk away from our tree line to the clear part of the yard. Then we had a clear view of it. It was above the trees a little ways out. I am not sure the distance. I first thought (and so did he) that it was a light on a tower or something but quickly realized it was way to high and then it started moving like wobbling around kinda square like.... I kept asking him "what was it?" and he kept saying "I don't know" ...and kept asking him over and over cause I really thought my own mind/eyes were playing tricks on me!! And then after a few minutes it just faded right out and disappeared completely into thin air!!  It was a very very clear sky that night and we had a very clear view. I then started to search online and thats when I read so many stories about the same things and saw videos of exactly what I saw too and these were all over the world!! I didn't get a pic or video cause I was too scared to take my eyes off it and miss something! Really really wish I knew what all these sightings are about!!!
