{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-15 16:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5290187.json","updb_database_id":5290187}
Huge UFO. Had to be bigger than an aircraft carrier.

It was 2 days after Mother's day in 2018. So, according to the calendar that would make it May 15, 2018. 

I was on my way to church on a Tuesday late afternoon. Time was 4:50pm when I first noticed this large craft. I was traveling south on a street when I looked to my left (east) and saw this thing. I immediately looked back to my clock to get the time. 

I was in traffic so I was very hesitant about stopping and getting rear-ended but I slowed down to about 30 mph to give myself time to look at this. It was dark in color like a charcoal gray is as best I can describe. It also had some kind of fluid reflective goldish color all over the surface that would appear and disappear with no pattern or shapes having a random glittering or shimmering like that of sunlight going through water in a pool at midday. The sun had not yet set behind the mountains to the west. So, I didn't know if the sunlight was causing that effect on the object. I did not see any windows or other lights on it and no wings or normal propulsion. It was at about a 30 degree elevation traveling from south to the north at my best estimate about 30 mph. 

I made a left turn (going east) at an intersection to face it. I had a car tail-gating me so as much as I wanted to pull over and take photos or video I didn't feel safe doing so. I could kick myself now for not doing so. 

As I watched this thing with a low altitude I was trying to compare the size of it to the houses and trees in the distance and then I noticed a private jet flying underneath this thing to land at the Loveland airport next to I-25 which would be about 4 miles to the east of where I was. 

The plane was flying in from the north to south direction to land. My thought was there is no way that pilot would fly less than 200 feet under this thing at that low an altitude but it gave me a size comparison in the air. But that object had to be further to the east than the interstate. 

I don't know how people driving in either direction on the interstate could miss seeing this or perhaps hundreds of people for that matter at that time of day from any direction for miles. I only had an edge on view so I don't know if the object was saucer shaped, a triangle, cigar or other shape. 

From my view the object had the look of a plate facing right side up but with no curvature from the bottom side to the top. It was just straight with the angle going outward from the bottom to the top. I had to turn back to the south and lost sight of it. When I was able to be in another position to observe this object again about 3 minutes later it was gone. 

I'd like to know if anyone else reported something that day around that time that would or could collaborate with what I saw. In comparison to the private jet this thing was more than 4 times as long and I'm estimating that the height would be about 5-6 of the jets stacked up on each other at least. But, if this thing was further to the east than what I was estimating the size of it could have been really big. The time I lost sight of the object was 4:52pm. I estimate the entire time of sighting was approximately 2 minutes 30 seconds.
