{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5509187.json","updb_database_id":5509187}
{dr}Two bright amber balls of light flew in laser-straight line west to east then disappeared.

A friend whod had recent sightings called to say he was viewing something at his location (nearby) and I should get up and come see. I went outside to look, but couldnt see what he was viewing due to terrain and trees, so I decided to drive the mile or so to his location and take a look. Before leaving, I grabbed my best pair of binoculars; a military-like pair of Steiner "Predator" series (12X40).

When I arrived, he said what hed been seeing was now behind a cloud and for me/us (another friend was with him) to be patient and itd come out from behind the cloud.

Well, it didn't. But, I still decided to stay for awhile and sky-watch. It was a beautiful night with excellent visibility. The slight cloud cover was clearing nicely and was exclusively southward. The skies to the north and east were completely clear, however.

We saw a couple satellites and several planes - mostly smaller craft, but a few high-flying airliners, too. I was just about to head home when I noticed a bright amber-orangish light to my left (we were facing almost due east). The light was far brighter (and larger) than any visible stars or planets and moved in the straightest line Id ever seen an aircraft move (or, whatever it was). I called out to my friends and we all saw it. Itd have been impossible to miss!

I then remembered I had my binos around my neck and raised them to get a good view. I had already prepped them when I arrived (this model has eye-pieces which focus independent of each-other and, once properly focused, see to infinity), so all I had to do was raise them to my eyes and the object was crystal clear.

It immediately became obvious, though, that I was not actually looking at one object - but, two. They were identical (as best as I could determine) and flying right next to each-other, west to east. They didn't really "pulsate", but they did increase in brightness every few seconds - but, the interval didn't seem to be consistent. They would get bright (not exactly "flash", though - simply brighten for a moment), then return to their previous level of brightness. 

The lights continued their direction of travel and did not change course. They were not going particularly fast, but the distance, size, altitude and actual speed were all impossible to determine as it was night time and there was really no way to be sure. They didn't stop and they didn't cast light on anything. They only continued on their easterly course - but, again, the laser-straight way they were moving seemed unnatural somehow.

Id told my friends we were, in fact, seeing two objects and they wanted to see it/them through the binos, so I passed them around so everyone could get a quick look. (I do remember measuring their height above the horizon at this point and they were just over two extended fist high.) I got my binoculars back and was watching only about another ten seconds or so when the lights faded out. Im not sure how to describe how that happened, though! It was almost as though I was suddenly looking at them through a "screen" or something which interfered with my ability to see them. 

It really is hard to describe. To say they just dimmed isnt correct because it seemed something was "in the way". That "something" became more and more opaque until I could no longer see them. To my friends seeing this with just the naked eye, it appeared the lights simply faded out, but I could see far, far better with the binos and thats NOT what happened. I guess you could say it was as though they were flying into a denser and denser cloud until disappearing from sight, but there were no clouds anywhere near them! (Believe me, I LOOKED!)

Anyway, thats about it. We continued looking for several minutes, but the lights did not return. 

Now, I should probably add, however, that Id seen these same lights twice before (or, what appeared to be the same light(s)). Once about a month prior to this, more lasting, dramatic sighting (recounted above) and the other time a week or so before that. I was home one time and driving, the other. During both of those sightings, the lights were traveling due south. The first time, while driving, I had been watching them move from directly perpendicular to my direction of travel to across my front. They were moving about the same speed as i describe above, but I didn't get to see them "disappear". I lost them behind some trees when the road curved and by the time the road curved back, they were gone. 

They must have either "faded" as i saw them do above, or they zipped off. I say this because there was nothing blocking my field of view after the road turned back, yet they (or it) were gone. Both these sightings occurred just after dark. The night I was driving it was raining and there wasnt another light visible in the sky: none. The second time, the light(s) went behind the trees at my property and I lost sight of them that way. That night was clear and the sighting only lasted approximately 20 seconds.

I have not seen them since.
