{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-05 17:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5282187.json","updb_database_id":5282187}
witness observed while on a flight from Chicago to Seattle

At the time of the sighting, it was late afternoon but there was plenty of daylight still. This happened somewhere above Bannock County in eastern Idaho, viewed through the passenger window while on a American Airlines flight back to Seattle, WA from Chicago, IL. I watched it at first for nearly 30 seconds or so, and then turned away to try and get the attention of the man sitting on the aisle seat (the seat between us wasn't occupied); he had his headset on, but took them off momentarily when i caught his eye. i told him i thought i had just seen a UFO, and he acknowledged what i said, but dismissed it and put his headset back on.
i scrambled for my cel phone to try and get footage, but it was stuck beneath my feet and carry-on bag, the amount of time that took me to look away from seeing the UFO to looking back out the window was less than 10 seconds.
i looked back out the plane's window, taking my eyes a couple of seconds to locate and focus in on the object below us that was still there.
I would guess that the airplane was probably around 30, 000 ft in elevation; and i would also guess that the object was possibly about 2500 to 3000 feet at the most below us, and it was heading the opposite direction as the plane i was on.
i must have realized it would be out of sight at any moment, and was still reaching for my cel phone when it eventually flew out of sight.
it appeared to be the size of a large bus from my angle and perspective. it didn't have wings and didn't look like any drones i've ever seen. 
A side-note: when we finally landed in Seattle, the man i had told about the UFO apologized for not being more attentive when i told him, and then asked me about it. We only spoke for a minute or two because we were already deboarding the plane.
