{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2430,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5524187.json","updb_database_id":5524187}
2 Reddish light aproaced from south east overhead and then turned to fly north.

Me and my husband were going to go outside on our deck to view the northern lights that were supposed to be bright this evening of Sept 9th into the 10th. The time was right around midnight. I went outside first and looked up to see a bright star to the east about 50 degrees over the horizon and then noticed 2 bright red lights coming directly towards me in the direction from the southeast towards the northwest. They were flying one above the other but not in a straight line to each other. The top was slightly to the right of the bottom one. They were very bright and got brighter the closer that they got. They did not flash or blink. There was no noise. I ran inside the house to get my husband to come see. Then we watched for a few seconds and I returned inside again to tell my kids to come and see. We all watched the lights come closer and I kept saying "what is that?" I ran inside again and got my digital camera but when I tried to video the lights my camera froze and would not film. My son ran inside to get my iPhone but it would not pick up the lights. About this time, being about 3-3 1/2 minutes they changed direction while almost right above us and travelled straight north. We were not scared but very curious and confused. I said that I thought that they were Chinese lanterns, but they changed direction, stayed in the exact distance apart from each other and did not flicker, and were much more brighter.  Once they finished changing direction, the lights faded out like they were only visible from the front. When we checked the wind direction from the nearest weather reports, the wind was not coming from the direction that they lights came from. For us there on the deck watching, there was no wind and the night was warm and still.
