{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88247","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5472187.json","updb_database_id":5472187}
Noticed two lights just above me that maneuvered in a way that did not previously seem possible.

I was with my 4 year old nephew who was playing with soap bubbles in the backyard of our caravan area. He was excited making lots of bubbles that were going everywhere. It was a perfect clear afternoon, not a cloud in the sky and perfect weather. As my nephew was making his soap bubbles, at one stage he pointed to the sky and said something like "Oh wow, look!", then continued on making more. At first I thought he was referring to the bubbles. As I looked up something caught my eye. I noticed two very bright lights in the sky sort of hovering on about a 60 degree angle above us. They were moving very slowly towards us. It was coming from a N/E direction at about the height of a low small Cesna. At first I thought it was a plane, but as I tried to focus on the "object" I noticed that there was actually nothing in between the two lights. It appeared like something may have been there but I could see right through it? Maybe cloaked? I got the impression that these "lights" were observing us, and that I was not supposed to see them. I felt that I caught them "off-guard". The lights were extremely bright, especially since it was daytime. At this stage I knew something was unusual about them so I called out to my brother who was inside. I never took my eyes off them. At this moment the two lights (in unison) moved across the sky in an instant, then again twice more before the lights faded out, like powerful spotlights powering down. From where I was standing, the maneuver was left (at arms length about 60 cm) then a 45 degree angle right (about 30cm) then straight down (about 30 cm). This maneuver was lightning quick with the lights stopping after each move for a split second before moving again, this was seemingly not possible for ANYTHING I previously thought had existed. By the time the lights faded out and disappeared my brother came out. I was lost for words, with an overwhelming feeling of excitement and in disbelief. It took a few moments for me to gather my words. After explaining to my brother what I had just witnessed, we went back outside to have another look. The only thing that we noticed was a tiny black aircraft at a VERY high altitude flying in the opposite direction. I do not know if this was related or not. That was the only thing that he saw. It was a very profound experience.
