{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-18 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5470187.json","updb_database_id":5470187}
{rjl} Pulsating orange and red lights in the sky inside the clouds

Last night (feb 18/2018) my wife called me to the window and pointed at the clouds asking "What is that?" we live in a more rural area so there are no city type lights to shine. it looked as though it was heat lightening type of event but it never stopped...and it was pulsing, not flashing light lightening. we then walked out to the back porch to get a clearer view and it was much larger of an area of lights than anticipated. I pulled out my phone and started recording it. after a few moments its just stopped, like someone had just flipped a switch. then nothing. i kept recording and my wife said..."this is what it did just before i called you into the room". Apparently she watched it for a few moments from the window, then it stopped, and once it started again she called me in to see if i thought it to be strange. Once lights just shut off the hair on my arms stood up like crazy. We then contacted the local tv station to see if there was anyone else who reported and they said no. I explained the situation and sent them the video. they reviewed it and said they thought it was lights reflecting from emergency vehicles. I do not buy that as the light was SO High in the sky and they also said there were no emergencies or anything in our area at that time. What i honestly thought it was when i first say it was a house on fire and the light emitted from the fire was being reflected by lower clouds. that's how bright the red and orange was....then when it just "shut off" i knew it was not a fire. Again, I do have video of the incident from the time we walked outside. It was very odd. We then did some research online to see if anyone had reported anything similar and my wife found a woman found a post 3 hours prior of a woman in mississipi who described EXCATLY what we saw. Mississipi to South Carolina is not just around the corner. Just odd
