{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-09 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5457187.json","updb_database_id":5457187}
{jpg} I witnessed 1 to 2 Spherical Objects between November 7th - 9th

On the nights between November 7Th-9Th I observed Spherical/Orb UFOS. I observed them in the direction of Delaware Bay. Across the street from my house there is nothing but woods until you hit the bay. The Sphere I saw was in a steady position in the sky but then it would drift east to west and up and down. At its lowest point form my vintage point it was very far over the trees. The object had no flashing lights like you would expect to see on a airplane. It was also absolutely silent with no noise like you’d expect from a helicopter.

The object would suddenly start to pulse and seem to grow bigger but then it would totally vanish but after anywhere from 30 seconds to 5 minutes it would suddenly reappear in the same general area. I observed this behavior for about 2 hours or so. This happens at 10:30 in till about midnight in November 7th and 8th. The last time it vanished it didn’t reappear.

Tonight November 9th I witnessed the object again in the same area. There were this time. Both hovered near to each other then both started to pulsate then disappear. This night they didn’t comeback after they vanished.

About one year ago I witnessed a rectangular craft which was ridiculously close and broke the laws of physics before my eyes. I reported this sighting to you as well. I mentioned this because that sighting and the sighting I’m submitting now both occurred in the same general area which is the lightly populated woods which line Delaware bay. If you have any questions feel free to contact me. Where I live seems to be a very active area that is far from the bay and has hundreds of lakes all around me which I think has something to do with the amount of activity in my general area. Ive attaches some photos but from my distance they only look like spheres.
