{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-11 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2627,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5494187.json","updb_database_id":5494187}
Flying object outside my window with strange creature, caused me temporary confusion and lost track of time.

It was somewhat 1 AM, i woke up and went to drink water, shortly after my return when i went to bed i heard a strange roaring sound "trrrrrrr" like someone poked in a plastic strip into a pedestal fan. I ignored it and tried to sleep. In my dream i saw a strange levitating object just outside my window. It was black and it was somewhat between conical and triangular, it had lights at its edge in a sequence of white, golden and then a strange color(something between orange, blue and green i guess). I was alone in the room but i felt as if someone held my body, i couldn't move my body except my eyes. I saw something white come out, i felt it was alive, it was white and uneven shaped like an amoeba, it passed through the iron net of the window and came to me, it projected its body toward my head. Meanwhile the sound of the object outside my window was already deafening loud. As soon as i felt its warm body part touch my forehead i woke up. This was strange. I still heard the sound but it was faint. I felt i could move, i rushed to the window and saw that object. It was somewhat 8-9 feet far from me (with the wall in between), it slowly went up and got out of my sight. It took it about a minute to totally go high enough so that i could not see it due to the upper end of the window pane. Till then i reached for my phone to take a picture of that thing but the screen seemed to be glitched when i turned it on, it flickered and went off. I realized that the fan and the AC was also off. After it went away i looked at the clock, it was stuck on 3:34. After a few minutes, all my appliances started working altogether. Next day upon asking in my locality, no one was found to have witnessed anything, but to confirm, i found the corner branches of a tree near my house burnt from the tip while still intact with the tree.
