{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-25 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/187/mufon-5497187.json","updb_database_id":5497187}
{rjl} UFO, Northwest Baltimore County, 12/25/2014, vanished as faster object seemed to give chase.

On December 25, 2014 at approximately 5-7 PM, my wife and I went out onto our side porch to smoke a cigarette. My wife was sitting in the chair on the right side of the porch, I was standing on the left side of the porch facing the street.
 When I go out to smoke I always have a habit of looking up to the sky. During the day it's usually to look at the clouds and the clear blue sky. At nighttime I always enjoy looking at the stars and the planet's if there are any visible. I was standing next to my wife discussing the days events, after all it was Christmas Day. I did what I always do, that is turn around, face the street and lean over the rail to get a better view of the night sky. I was looking to see if Jupiter had peeked over the horizon in the southeastern sky. It was still too early and I did not see Jupiter at that time. As I scanned the heavens above, another very bright object caught my eye. The first thing that got my attention was the brightness of the object, the second thing that caught my eye was when I noticed that it wasn't a star or planet because it was moving.
 Well, my first impression was that it was a star or planet. Until I noticed that it was moving. My second impression was that it was an airliner, small plane or a helicopter. I ruled these out for several reasons. First, there were no red or green navigation lights located on the wing tips. Secondly, there were no anti-collision beacon lights that should have been colored a reddish orange and had a flashing effect on the bottom of the fuselage. Thirdly, there were no high-intensity strobe lights that should've been located on each wing tip. These lights would have been bright white flashing lights. If the object had been an airliner, small plane or a helicopter it was surly low enough to have made a jet engine or helicopter rotor sound. But it was absolutely silent. Besides I think it was too high to have been a helicopter. The other possible object that I thought it could've been was a satellite or the International Space Station. However, this was not a possibility due to the fact that it looked as if it was flying below cloud level. And it was extremely bright. I've seen satellites fly across the horizon, they have always been a lot dimmer and fly across the heavens much faster.
 I first noticed the object almost directly over my head. It was moving from a northwest to a southeast direction. It moved in a straight flight path and seemed to have reduced speed for a few seconds and then it looked as if it had sped back up to or beyond the speed it was traveling when I first caught sight of the object. I watched the object for approximately 15 - 20 seconds. I don't believe the object ever moved vertically during the time that I observed it moving across the sky.
 My first reaction was one of puzzlement. Since the object was flying at what seemed to be below cloud level, the lack of any sounds coming from it and the fact that it was extremely bright kind of threw me back for a second. After going through all of the possibilities that would've made sense and coming to the determination that this was not an airplane or a helicopter, my mind felt a little strange and I felt like I had an emptiness in my gut. Its the kind of feeling you get when you can't explain a situation with basic logic or facts. However, a few seconds after coming to this conclusion it became less of a puzzlement and I became more intrigued. It amazes me how so many thoughts your mind can produce in a few seconds. After the entire incident I was still quite puzzled. My brain was attempting to make sense out of something that it couldn't register as a normal event. At the same time I wanted to do everything possible to figure out what had transpired. For the rest of the evening, Christmas night, all the way up to today, I am still very intrigued about the event. I have visited several websites checking to see if anyone else in my neighborhood or in my General area had seen the object that I saw that night.
 I wanted to explain how I lost sight of the object for the last paragraph. Anyway, as I was watching the object fly from a slight northwest to a southeast direction for approximately 15 - 20 seconds, in a straight flight path. The object was almost traveling from the west to the east. Suddenly, flying across the horizon from a southern to a northern direction, another object came into view. However, there is no mistaking what this object was in the distance. It had the red and green navigation lights, the flashing reddish orange anti-collision lights and it had the flashing white high-intensity strobe lights. This object was moving at a high rate of speed, fast enough to realize that it could not have been a commercial airliner or a helicopter. And even though this object was farther away I could most definitely hear the roar of the jet engines. As the slower bright object flew toward the southwest, and the faster object was flying toward the north, I could see both of them in the distance. As the faster object moved fairly close to the slower object the most puzzling event took place. The slower object simply vanished. The object simply looked as if it blinked out of existence. It looked as if the faster object had changed its direction after the disappearance of the slow bright object. I think the fighter went from flying north, to flying in the same southeastern direction the other object was traveling before it disappeared.
 I am by no means an expert on military aircraft. Nor am I an expert on unidentified flying objects. However, I do have enough common sense and the eyes and the ears to realize that what I was experience was not normal. The way the bright unidentified flying object looked as it flew overhead, without making a sound was an event I have never experienced. And the feeling I got throughout my body was one I rarely experience. It was a strange but cool experience. 
 Thank you for taking the time to read the details of my experience. And if someone in Northwest Baltimore County experienced the same event, on 12/25/2014, please leave a reply.
