{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-22 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104390","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5457184.json","updb_database_id":5457184}
{cak} Atomic light... huge light went off like a explosion. It sucked the power out of tbe lught5at Airport hanger, an sucked tbe power out of tbe main beac

Bright light like an atomic explosion
. It sucked the power out of the lights at the air port i was setting at, sucked power out of there lights, there beacon light was so low on power it took 15 min or so to fully power back up.
The light was right in front of me, just like a flashbulb, no sound at all, no streak of light, it was dusk an the sky was clear. I was in a car an pop.... this light went off across the airport runway in a field. The brightest light i ever seen, it cover all my line of site looking West. 
Like it either came from the ground up or so fast i never seen anything coming down but i was not looking totally forward as i was looking to my left out the drivers side window, i was looking out the driver window at shadows that the airport hanger lights were making on the car an i had my hands out the window making shadow.hand figures to pass the time as my two buddy's went inside the air port to call his dad, we had a flat an drove a mime to the airport to call his dad to bring a spare tire. They were inside the airport on the phone but i stayed in the car. The light was so big, bright an fast. Like a flashbulb going off in your face, No sound of any type an i had the windows down as it was summer an hot in Texas. After the flash of light, i noticed the airport hanger side light was super dim an i first thought it went off, then i looked up at the big beacon light an it was moving real slow an the light inside was super dim also...
It took over 15 min for the lights to co.e back full power, they came up slow over 10-15 or so min... my friends come back, i ask did y'all see that light? They said no. His dad showed up right after an i asked his dad an his mom did they see a big bright light on there way out an both said no. The airport is on the outside of town. So i go back into town get my car an ask all my friends if anyone seen a bright light in the sky, everyone said no, seen nothing.
So the next day i went to see my mother an father an my brother who lives in Bangs TX a small town west of Brownwood about 12 miles from away. He was there so i went in, they were sitting round the table having a cup of coffee, my brother was saying last night while setting outside there house in Bangs that he an our cousin who also lived in the house next door were talking an they both saw a bight bright light back toward Brownwood, they thought a air plane might crashed as it was in the airport area, the called the police an reported a big light or explosion but did not hear a sound. I they told my family i seen that light but i was almost ground zero... they saw it 12 or more miles away an looked like a explosion but to me it lite the whole sky in-front of me up, big flash.... 
This was in 1976, in Brownwood Texas
Thank you
