{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3727,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5505184.json","updb_database_id":5505184}
{rjl} Listen Im almost sure you guys know what these are I have had numerous sightings I need help with these things! I gave you guys great daytime pics! I need to talk to a veteran! Not an observer that has just taken a good photo that you guys have made

As I was saying : that you guys have made an investigator!!! Yes, [Name Removed/CMS/rjl] is a fine man I enjoyed his company! And I love his photos! But he has lied to me several times! He gavee a couple of photos, that I put up on my wall , just to have someone slip into my home while I was asleep and steal both of them??? To me this is remarkable! I keep my doors locked and have two dogs? But , I have called him on his home phone that he gave me the number to and I reported things, and all I was told was that if they ever fly towards the east, which is in the direction of his home to make sure to call so he could try to look up off his porch or deck and photograph! I am not in any definition CRAZY! This has been very insulting to me! I have had an encounter that I have no answers for, and still they keep on flying around like its a UFO meeting place! I have quit writing times and dates and details down! I am just writing to let you people know that I am done with you!!! To see you guys being portrayed on TV as a help to the average joe or Jane makes me ill ! Watching your so called " investigators" bring out equipment to test an analyze is for tv and that's it! You guys have had my number for well over a year! He'll these things follow me? Or they're everywhere and nobody is looking up! I had a family photo made at Myrte Beach and the guy that we hired to take the photos stopped in his tracks and looked up and over us and said I swear I just saw something in the sky! Well yes he did , because he looks on his camera and in two photos there's a light out over the ocean ! So I purchased them at the place where they were developed and now I have those two pics also plus all of my photos and one film! I keep guns everywhere! I keep one on the side of my mattress now because all of the stuff that's went down! I will find a real group that will put the time needed into this to prove to a lot of people that this isn't man made stuff!! U can believe that!!! While your newbie investigator builds his bunker over in Virgie ky for whatever catastrophe he's building it for! No doubt Alan has been through something, and I feel for him, but you got to check stuff out when someone tells you! If not do something else! When I met w [Name removed/CMS/rjl] he recorded me and asked a lot of the right questions! But, he told me that his boss which was a female would be very happy with the photos and all of the detailed info including my sketches! I still haven't heard a thing from anyone connected to you guys? I know that you are having a problem keeping people working for you in KY, well my response to that is send someone from ohio, Tennessee , hell California ! I don't care where someone is from? Get it done or quit !!! Stop acting like you guys care and or your authority figures when it comes to UFOs !!! Goodbye! Sincerely [Name removed/CMS/rjl]!!
