{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-02 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18208","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5547184.json","updb_database_id":5547184}
Silent object travelling W to E in SE sector of sky

At approx 8:45pm on July 2nd, I went on the back patio to start the grill. Suddenly an object in motion caught my eye as it moved from W to E above a large tree two houses to the south of our backyard at a height estimated to be about 5000 ft. I first thought it was just another airplane, but I then realized there was no sound. Also, something just didn1t seem "normal" about the look of this object. There were no fixed wings, propellor blades, navigation lights, or strobes. I calmly, but briskly walked back into the house and grabbed my camera and returned to the patio to snap off a few pics before the object left my view. I didn1t tell anyone else who was playing cards as I didn1t want to create too much excitement, have everyone run outside at once and miss a chance to get some pics taken. Fortunately, the object was still visible, but it appeared to be maneuvering. When the 2 images are viewed in succession, one can get a good sense of the smooth motion of the object. It almost appears to have been banking NE as I lost sight of it behind a big tree directly to our east.

The attached photo evidence seems to indicate something other than a fixed wing aircraft that was moving too quickly and at an unlikely altitude to be an approach path into Eppley Airfield. At no time was there ANY propeller or jet engine noise. We regularly see the Omaha Police helicopter, commercial jets, and private planes and jets. They ALWAYS have some kind of noise when at a similar height as this craft. The enhanced versions of the pics tend to support my theory that this was a self-contained, dome shaped craft that was under power and control of the occupants. Perhaps this was some type of undisclosed military or other experimental craft of human origins. Based upon my other recent sightings in December 2008 and February of 2009, I am comfortable stating this was not a known aircraft of human design. Thank you for reading and feel free to email with any questions at jbr3adventures@yahoo.com.
