{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-21 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92420","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5468184.json","updb_database_id":5468184}
{td} Light appreared. Descended towards me. Hovered. Two men approached me wearing suits. Men spoke to me telepathically. Men walked away in the same way it seemed that they came. I noticed the light was gone once I looked as the two men left my view.

Odd things had been happening on the weekend of May 19th. Things that I believe to have been abductions. I am still not entirely sure on that theory. On Sunday night, the 20th, I was up late because I had not been able to get rested, although I had been sleeping sufficient hours at night; so I took a walk around the house to smoke a cig. I live in the country with only one neighbor, that being my aunt and uncle who have a house next to mine. I noticed my dog was sitting on the porch up against the front door. I attempted to get him to walk with me, in which I failed. This is unusual since my dog will follow me anywhere and everywhere, he is very protective. Even though it seemed odd to me, I thought nothing of it and lit my cig to begin my walk around the front yard. I looked at all of my flowers, cactus and veggies that I grow in front of the house. This is when I noticed a glowing light to the southwest, between my aunt and uncle's home and my own. I began to walk toward the gate separating the two houses, threw down my cig, and opened the wooden gate. As I slowly walked the direction towards where the light was hovering, the object began to move towards me. It dropped in elevation approx. 150ft and traveled approx. 100ft in my direction, linearly. It stopped to hover around a huge oak tree we have in the yard where my little cousins play next to the pool. At this point, I was able to see it very clearly. The object was a glowing sphere. It's color was bright yellow and had a type of pulsating color of a dull orange. I gazed and pondered upon the object for a near 30 second before receiving what felt to me as emotions - calming sensations and positive mood elevations. At this time, 2 men approached me from the west. The only things that are that way..is a fence and woods in a hollow. The men reminded me of plain clothed military. They were wearing sunglasses, appeared to be nice suits, short hair cuts; but something was off about them, the energy was obviously not like what experienced when meeting a normal person. My suspicions were confirmed once I heard, in my head - mind you, "Hello." I believe the emotional messaging I was receiving earlier was preparing me for this conversation. Because I was not alarmed, more curious and intrigued than anything. We spoke maybe 2 minutes. I could not tell what time had passed because my phone was turned off when I tried to take a picture of the sphere-light during the brief time it hovered above me near the tree. I had been having conflict in my head regarding the morals of joining the army. I was offered a great deal to join..and was going to. The conversation with the two people in suits was concerning this matter. I was told that it wasn't going to happen, that I wouldn't join. Apparently I had a different future, that I now know, they knew about thoroughly. Yesterday, the 31st, I received a letter saying I had been disqualified from joining the army because I did not pass my drug test at MEPS. I do not use drugs, I keep very good care of my body. The letter did not make sense, until I connected these dots. The event that I experienced had made it so I could not join the Army. I believe that I have had past abduction experiences in my childhood, very few in my adulthood only becauze I can recognize screen memories, because I have always had certain gifts. Gifts some would call pseudoscience or paranormal or downright BS. This is the full encounter in detail. I am still analyzing, exactly the information that was downloaded to me. Mainly knowledge in codes I do not understand, geometric shapes that I can see in my mind's eye, and phrases that were said that bring different meanings to my brain each time that I think of them.
