{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-03 04:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5502184.json","updb_database_id":5502184}
{dr}Dull orange colored orb moving slowly

At approximately 03:15HRS I was awakened by the sound of our family's two dogs barking feverishly. Initially I chalked it up to perhaps just their excitement over a possum or some other nocturnal animal; however after about ten minutes their barking did not subside. I proceeded to put on my clothes to go outside, but was extremely hesitant and somewhat fearful based on an encounter just several hours before in a city some 35 miles away. Nevertheless, I felt something inside of me compelling me to go outside, to check on the dogs if nothing else. I stood on my porch for several minutes and tried to coax the dogs into being quiet. My efforts failed as the dogs where apparently sensing something farther back in the wooded area of the property which I could not see. I base this on the fact that both dogs were facing in that direction and not only were they barking wildly at this point, but they had also began to growl in between their barking. As stated, I did not see what had the dogs so worked up, so after about 30 minutes I returned inside my home, but I took the precaution of opening the blinds in the living room so that I could keep a lookout outdoors. At around 04:10HRS my brother-in-law began to leave for work, but before doing so, from the window, I observed him go to the back of my mother-in-laws house with a bright flashlight to check on the dogs which were still barking and growling fiercely. Not seeing anything he proceeded to leave for work and I once again looked outside for the source of the dogs irritation. I did not go outside this time, but instead simply stood in my front doorway. It is at this time that I observed a dull orange orb ascend from the wooded area of the property in the same direction (north) that the dogs had been facing. The object ascended slowly to a level perhaps 100 or so feet above the tree line then it began a slow trek in a northeastern direction. I observed the object for about two minutes until it disappeared beyond a distant tree line. I was able to capture about 30 digital photos of this object, but I will limit my submission of the same to just a few.
