{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70447","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5489184.json","updb_database_id":5489184}
{cak} Triangular white orbs glide across sky and break into individual flight paths and spiral around each other out of sight

My Girlfriend decided to go smoke outside our back deck and asked if I would like to keep her company. So we both go out on my small deck and sit down on the steps, she was on the 2nd step, I was behind her on the 3rd step. It was Thursday and a particularly dark night and most of the neighbors in my townhouse community had their lights off. I could see all the stars and planes flying overhead. I always look towards the sky, and am interested in the ufo topics, but I never thought I would see anything. About 9:50 or so I noticed something in the sky from the east flying westward. This object(s) had about 10 white lights from what I recall, shaped in a structured triangular pattern. Judging by distance, it couldn't be more than 150 yards away. The lights were not shiny bright but matte white or grey white. It glided across the sky making zero noise. Immediately my heart jumped and my adrenaline went off, I knew this wasn't normal. I said to my girlfriend, "what the f!#* is that?" "Do you see that?" she said yes. It was going at least 30mph I think. I was in shock trying to identify what this was. It wasn't a plane they make noise especially at that close off proximity, or birds because birds don't glow in the dark or move that fast, and in that way. I thought maybe a glider but about 3 seconds after I witnessed this, the triangular pattern lights broke formation and started swirling around each other or swarming type pattern for another 2 or 3 seconds, until it flew out of sight, over my roof line. I think I saw it for about 5 or so seconds in all. I sat there in shock for about 20 seconds, before I got up and ran to the side of the house to see if I could get another look at it. When I went around the corner it was gone. After analyzing what I just saw, I thought it was mechanical not biological. Maybe drones, but ten in perfect triangular alignment making no noise and gliding that fast with lights on them, I thought no. I asked my girlfriend what she thought it was, she said birds maybe?, but that was quickly ruled out when we thought about the quickness and no birds light up or fly in that way, and I don't think they fly at night. She had no answer and didn't want to think about it much. She said "well supporting my bad habit of smoking and coming with me outside, you got to see a ufo." She thought that the object didn't break apart but the wings/object turned making the lights look like they were moving independently. When we went back in from witnessing it I noticed the clock was at 9:58.
