{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-21 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5474184.json","updb_database_id":5474184}
{rjl} initial brite lite straight path w to e, 2-3 min. Direction chg to w. with craft visual thot to be heli. The closer it got, it was boxlike a drone or satellite with tumbling motion then darted higher to hovering pinpoint lite then out of sight.

I was driving due east in slow moving traffic at about 4:45PM. This allowed me to observe well. I noticed a bright lite low in the eastern sky traveling due east at a slow rate of speed, thinking it to be an airplane with reflected sunlight. After probably 2 minutes, it became clear it was not a plane and puzzled over the possibility it might be the Space Station. It then changed direction due west. As it got closer, I could make out a craft which appeared at first glance to be a helicopter. As it drew closer, it was a tumbling boxlike craft with a framework structure and the ever present well defined bright white light, either on the side or the bottom. It was like a truck headlight with brights on. The craft suddenly changed direction reaching higher elevation. Still in traffic, I turned to a side street, trying to get my cell phone out of my purse, but it was too late. It was then just a bright white light, ascending in an erratic pattern until it reached a hovering height, side to side that made it almost impossible to see. I watched for a possible change in height, but it disappeared. All tolled, the event lasted about 20 minutes. AT NO TIME WAS THERE ANY SOUND.

I called KTLA, Channel 5 in LA and they had no report, nor did the Norwalk Sheriff'S Station. Someone besides me must have seen it...the light, tho very concentrated, was far too bright for someone not to notice.

It is my opinion this is either something experimental or a true "sighting". I'll be curious to know if there were any other reports about this event.
