{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-03-30 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5454184.json","updb_database_id":5454184}
{tjd} my wife and myself both witnessed the object three large glowing orbs, moving West to South East, very close, no noise,15 seconds.e

This is a sighting that took place on March 30,2005, apx. 10 pm. The weather was cool/chilly, it was cloudy and overcast and breezy. My wife and I had just stepped out on our back deck and almost immediately we saw the objects appear out of the western skyline over the tops of a group of large trees at the back of our yard. What we saw were three bright, distinct, large orbs that appeared to be connected by two parallel bars. I do not feel that they were three separate objects, but were all connected together as one.  

The objected move very quickly in a path that took them directly over us. They paused right over head for five/ eight seconds, and then moved in a South East direction and disappeared The entire time we saw the object, there was no sound or noise coming from it what so ever, it was silent.  

The orb described:

There were three large brightly glowing orbs.Their color appeared to be a very washed out yellowish, almost white center. They all had a deeper yellowish glow or aura around them.

All three orbs seemed to be connected by two parallel bars of light that seemed to pulsate; it made me think it was some form of energy streaming from one ball to the next. All connected as one structure. There was no other structure visible at any time, . Only the lights and bars as described.

Movement:

When the object first appeared, it was coming out of the western skyline. It moved rapidly east over my wife and self, paused directly over us for a few seconds and shot up into the SE sky and disappeared. When it moved, it glided up and down as if it was a roller coaster. At all times it moved as one connected piece, all orbs(3) and bars stayed in their place and did not move out of plain or independent of each other. 

Colors:

When it paused over us, it was almost motionless, but you could very clearly see the details of the orbs and "power" bars.The orbs were glowing from center white to a yellower glow around the outer edges. In the original notes I put down right at the time of the sighting, I stated that the lights glowed but did not give off a "bright " glow.

I feel a better description of what it saw , or meant to say was, that the orbs themselves were bright and the surface appeared to be moving from white to yellow, in a way that you would almost say it was alive. Think of an oil sheen moving on the surface of water. 

And here is the but; I was trying to describe that while the lights were bright, with an aura right around the outside edge, that "brightness" did not shine out,shoot out, or beam out  to cause it to illuminate out from it. It was as if it was captured and bright within the orbs but stopped there.

The two parallel bars and the "energy lines" flowing between them, from one orb to the next, were all the same color. They looked to be a very pale blueish/ grey, almost white. If you think of seeing a ghost as it appears milky, transparent that is a good description. Between the bars you could see what I would call energy bars or waves move very rapidly from one orb to the next. Think of sound waves or ripples in the water. again no sound or feeling heat or radiation.

Distance/ Size:

The orbs, as we saw them paused over our heads, were large. Maybe the size of a soft ball held out at arms length. The distance from one end to the other was the field of view from one hand to the other if your arms were stretched out at 45 degrees above you. 

From the detail visible to us, I estimated that it was a very large object about 200 to 300 feet above us. 

Everything happened very quickly. the whole incident lasting 15 to 20 seconds max. There was never any sound, any sense of heat or radiation. That was the whole of the event.

Move ahead maybe 3 years later. My wife was watching TV one night and called for me to come quick. She was watching a show on History or Discovery channel and it was all about the string of Black Triangle sighting the happened in Southern Illinois in and around Scott Air Force Base and several local communities. There were several Police departments involved in these sighting. I'm sure you are well aware of these. She had paused the TV to show me computer generated images of these triangles as described by witnesses. When the showed the rear of the CGI triangles with what appeared to be their "engines", she said isn't that what we had seen that night in our back yard? Prior to that ,I had never heard much about Black Triangle and did not put the two things together.

Today I feel that what we saw was what is commonly called a Black Triangle. I know it has been a long time since we saw this till now as I am telling you of it, but I felt I needed to tell someone such as your organization of what had transpired. 

I have the original notes that I jotted down directly after we saw it, in a sketch book that has all the data in it along with some drawings as I then saw it.  At this time I am unable to attach these with this report. I will recover them and make them available at a later date if possible.

respectfully,
[ Item Moved to FI Report {tjd} ]



" 

"
