{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549184","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/184/mufon-5549184.json","updb_database_id":5549184}
Large banjo shaped object moved slowly over house, seen by boy and his mother.

When I was about 8 years old I was watching TV on the sofa in my parental house. 

The time must be around 7 PM, it was dark outside. (Period; probably October - December) My mother was in the kitchen. The sofa was next to a large window from where you could see our front garden. 

I remember that something caught my attention outside in the sky. In the corner of my eye I saw an object, I walked to the window to take a closer look to find out what it was. 

What I saw is best to be described as a big round disk attached to a long bar (banjo shaped, the disk in front).
I think the size of the object was large, maybe as large as a ship or airplane. It was pretty close to our house. As far as I remember it was (full) with little lights and it went over our house slowly and very calm. I called my mother to take look at it, and we both stared at the object for some time. 
As soon as it was above our house, out of our sight, we ran upstairs, and looked through the bedroom-window (with a view on our backyard) where we could see it again. 

The motion of the object was slow and going in one direction. There was no noise at all.
It drifted over our house into the darkness of the evening in about 3 to 5 minutes. 
I remember I was very excited about the whole event. It was very unusual, I had not seen anything like this before. 

I have a very clear memory of my childhood. I'm an illustrator, and a year ago I made an image of what I remember. What you see on the image is what I saw from the bedroom window. This is what I "almost exactly" remember, including the atmosphere of the sky. Except that I don't know for sure about the little lights, how many there were and where they where positioned. 

My mother remembers the object as a large rectangular black pipe.
