{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5549397.json","updb_database_id":5549397}
5 red star like lights travelling across the sky at altitude in parrallel, then breaking off moving erratically before disappearing

I had met an olod university friend at the hotel he was staying in my home town. I had one beer in the hotel bar before we left to go to a night club. Outside the hotel,It was a beautifull summer night and the sky was totally clear.Visability of the stars was excellent so I looked up to see the stars and from my peripheral vision caught sight of something moving very fast. My instant thought was that it was a satellite ( I have seen many of these), but instantly realised that it was not. The objects were moving far to fast and there were five of them in formation. The objects were star like with a red colour. They were at a great altitude and travelled across the entire sky within 5 seconds. They were in a straight line flying side by side, until they reached the other side of the sky, where they broke off from this formation and begun to weave in and out of each other before dissappearing vertically in different directions into the night. The whole episode lasted between 5 and 10 seconds. I called to my friends who were laughing and joking and told them what I had seen, however they thought I was winding them up and dismissed me. I spent the rest of the night trying to evaluate what I had seen, and form some kind of rational explanation. This process continued for a further two days. I considered military aircraft but these objects moved across the sky at least 10 times faster than any aircraft I have seen and the aerobatics that were performed before they disappeared were completly out of the question for a conventional fighter jet in my opinion. I resolved that I needed some form of explanation from someone, but bearing in mind my friends reaction, I was a little reluctant to say the least. I looked through the local phone book and foung a local observitory that listed itself as a local UFO group. I decided to call them anonymously. The person that answered the call seemed to be less than serious about what I was reporting and I felt that he was not taking me seriously and perhaps thought I was some sort of crank. I decided not to pursue the matter further. Since that time have never forgot what I saw that night, and everytime I look up at the stars, it is the first thought in my mind. Last night I was watching TV and saw a program about a UFO sighting in the 1980's at an airforce base in Norwich in the UK, and decided that now the internet is so widely used I would begin to make some enquiries for some form of explanation, without feeling ridiculed. I thank you for reading of my brief encounter and hope you may be able to offer some possible explanations, but I am also aware that if you offer some explanations, it may just pose more questions for me, if they do not fit completely with my experience.
