{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5481397.json","updb_database_id":5481397}
{rjl} object was in the e-ne sky. looked to be white or shining white light. it hovered for about 20 mins then slowly drifted about. eventually faded away.

I came outside of my home to smoke. I always scan the sky when I come outside, since I saw another object approximately four years ago.
this one was in the east by north east sky at around 45 degrees from the horizon. it looked like some planets in the sky have looked at night this last year (as they have been on a close approach)only it was full daylight and the clouds passed behind it. it was bright white. I could not tell if this was from light it was giving off or from reflection of the soon to be setting sun on a white surface. clouds passed behind it. 
after it had been sitting there in the same position for about five minutes my six yo son came out and I had him go get his mom. they both returned and we watched it together for about fifteen more minutes. it did not move. then I ran inside and got our cell phone to record it and our eleven yo daughter. unfortunately, the phone did not pick up the image. I don't understand why it did not, unless it was just that the phone's camera is not of good enough quality.
clouds continued to pass behind it. it started to seem to drift but was moving against the wind. it moved slowly and as it did so it either lost intensity of light or was moving away from the earth. it seemed to fade. it did not stay moving in the same direction though. it seemed to drift around the area it was in for a while and then really started to fade as it moved directly east. at about the same time it would have gone behind the tree line it had completely faded from sight.
that was it. I am not aware of any man made objects that act like it did but I did not feel the intense fear that the other sighting I had gave me. I was terrified that time. this time I was simply curious and excited.
I feel very fortunate to have had another sighting.
