{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-23 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5486397.json","updb_database_id":5486397}
Very bright quickly moving starlike object observed by wife and myself

While taking an evening walk my wife and I observed a very bright object - which I at first mistook for a star, except this one was rapidly moving and clearly not all that high. I estimate it's altitude at approx. 2000 Meters because we saw it just clear the Leissiggrat mountain which is at that altitude and then disappear behind it. From where we were observing the light to the Leissiggrat mountain is approx. 14.5 km. The light traveled this distance in approx. 30-40 seconds, which if my math is correct, means it was traveling faster than 1500 kmh. We heard no sounds emanating from this bright thing even as it flew almost directly over us. We continued our walk and then observed this light returning over the Lake of Thun, and then it very quickly flew in a north-westerly direction (roughly the direction of Bern) and faded from view in only a few seconds so it must have been traveling much faster than we observed it the first time. There was a full moon this evening but partially hidden by clouds. The object was brighter than the brightest visible stars or planets visible that evening. The sky in our area was cloudless but there were was some broken cloud cover in the direction this thing flew, which it disappeared behind for a few seconds before reemerging from the clouds only to disappear behind the mountains a few seconds later, as I explained above. I should add that this is not the first time my wife and I have observed strange lights in our area. I tried to capture the moving light with the camera on my iPhone but the camera doesn't seem to be sensitive enough to record anything in the night sky.
