{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-12 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5491397.json","updb_database_id":5491397}
{cak} Bright lights spotted. Observed for well over an hour. Formed a Line, then Triangle.

I was leaving work on Sunday July 12, 2015 around 10:30PM. I was talking to a few buddies in the parking lot for a while and happened to look up between our two buildings and asked "is that the little dipper? It seems a little bright." One of my friends responded, "yeah, it's just the little dipper." I noticed the three lights were moving very slow, and then one of my friends confirmed that they also noticed the lights moving slowly and then into a straight line. They kind of laughed it off and left shortly after. I stayed to photograph the objects.

I continued to watch the lights move slowly across the sky in perfect precise movements. Their distance from each other remained the same. The lights never blinked or pulsated- it was a constant light being emitted. I kept thinking they could just be military planes or aircraft being tested, but I noticed several aircraft fly by (under these objects as far as altitude is concerned) and these objects seemed to be much larger and brighter than the tiny blinking lights of the aircraft (most likely commercial airliners do the proximity of an international airport/air force base). 

As I continued to watch the objects, the middle light started to rise and would eventually form a triangle. At this moment, I noticed a fourth light of equal brightness. As the lights remained in this position for about 5 minutes, they started to get back into their straight line formation. It was at this point that I decided to call my wife. I told her of the event and she seemed interested but kind of wanted to see my pictures to believe it. I got into my car and made my commute home (west) but I could still see the objects to my left as I drove westbound on Interstate 26. Eventually these lights faded into the night sky as they became further and further apart from each other.

I submitted the pictures to an online forum and someone enhanced them for me, and I was absolutely baffled by what I saw- they almost appeared as spheres.

I tried to take some video, but the quality was not worth sharing. I really hope there is an explanation for this event.
