{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5501397.json","updb_database_id":5501397}
{nd} 3 lights in a triangle formation hovered for about 4 min then disappeared

Quick background, wife is an X-ray tech, I'm former Air Force that had TS clearance now Project Implemintation manager. 
Last night my Wife, 14 year old son and I were in the driveway launching fireworks. We noticed 3 lights in a triangle shape in the distance (few miles away) above the tree line. All three of us started asking out loud "what is that?" At first we thought they were other fireworks that didn't explode because they had an orange color ( even though fireworks don't really travel high enough to be seen that far away) But these did not go any higher and stayed in a perfect triangle formation. We kept waiting for them to disappear or to flash like aircraft but they stayed in the air in the same place. I believe there were 3 objects because the distance would have made the object massive if it was a single object. My son tried to photograph and could not. He retrieved my phone and it would not capture the light either because of the distance. I switched to movie mode and I thought I did not capture anything but once reviewed I was able to capture the triangle formation for a second and have the picture as proof. 
After a few minutes the left most light disappeared and the other two went higher in the air and disappeared too. My years in the Air Force AND life experience up until now have left me without an explanation. They did not act like 3 aircraft such as helicopters or hot air balloons or even harriers the only manned vehicles I can think of capable of staying perfect shape without moving for that amount of time. At one point I was actually worried (because of my Air Force background) that it was a missile launch and couldn't tell they were moving because of perspective. They were orange/reddish so I thought rockets going away from us. But as time went on they continued to not move at all. 
The photo attached is a screen shot of the movie. I paused the film and zoomed in. If you look closely you can see 3 dots in a triangle shape.
