{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2540,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5291397.json","updb_database_id":5291397}
This is only just a small portion of all the encounters I have been exposed to. The song

By Warren Mn where there a car in the museum from supposed ufo damage where the car had damage to it. I was one of the kids that touched the car during a school field trip when I wast supposed to and I've had ufo encounters ever since. Multiple different locations, multiple different types of crafts and colors. Some of the things I've noticed has raised enough ref flags for me to be more and more suspicious with this area and something giving them a reason to be in this area. For me the sighting first was at my family's home in Viking mn from a blue light going into the woods and dissapering.The second one was on the same property instead of south it was east with a green light then changed to illuminate into a disc I could see then it was gone. My sister was with me both times and another girl on the second sighting as well. The song on the radio was playing"come with me now". I'm a country boy always have guns and generally not afraid of anything but that made my hair stand up on the back of my neck . The next one was by st hilare mn it was in the daytime I saw a blue light flying incredibly fast into a cloud heading west and it was gone like into another dimension..gone it seemed to me because how the hell else would it not come out of the cloud it clearly just flew through I saw it part from the most likely light speed. Interesting stuff I do possibly still have a video on my old phone or it might even be on facebook still. The video exist to me it first was looking like an orb just a light then after awhile it seemed to change into an airplane. I felt as if I should've came forward along time ago but I just started doing more and more reaserch as I'm older now and can figure out what's actually going on in this messed up world we live in. The unknown is absolutely incredible. Much larger than the average person would think
