{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-09-22 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104175","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5457397.json","updb_database_id":5457397}
Heard a loud noise, which drew our attention to the skies, then observed a huge disc slowly moving over rooftops

My sister and I had returned home at approx 9pm, I was about 14 years old, she would be 12. We heard a loud noise in the sky, and looked up. The noise sounded like a plane about to crash. This subsided but we were still looking up. We were actually hiding in our back yard, because we shouldn’t have been out! We then observed a large, disc shaped object very slowly moving above the rooftops of the next street. It had large square lights around its circumference, which seemed to be white, but changed colour, almost like light is refracted and produces colours of the rainbow. The disc was rotating very slowly. Underneath was a small white light which was spinning very fast, as though it was on the edge of a circular plate, spinning. We heard two neighbours who were also in their back yard. I heard Jean say, “Fred, what the hell is that?!” He responded by saying, “I have no idea”. It seemed to be there for a long time, moving slowly, but neither my sister or I recall seeing it leave, because our next memory is of being inside our house. I personally remember being stood at my bedroom window, looking out. I had a fantastic view of nearby Pendle Hill, which is quite some miles away. I remember being terrified that “they” would cone back for me, shut my curtains quickly and got into bed. Ever since then I have always looked up! We never spoke of the incident until a few years later, and my sister and I have have recently had conversations about it, and we both recall the exact same experience.
