{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483397","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/397/mufon-5483397.json","updb_database_id":5483397}
{jpg} I didn't see a UFO, I met an alien life form.

I was working in Tampa FL at an International Trucking Company. A gentleman was brought into the office and was introduced as the new V.P. of the Southeast Division. I can only remember his first name as "Joe". He was very tall - I'm guessing 6 feet or taller. My head came up to his shoulder, and I was 5ft 5in at the time, and very slender. There was no one else in the office at the time that he walked in and looked around. I noticed that he seemed very pale in color, had silver-grey hair, wore a white shirt with a grey necktie, and wore a light grey suit. I walked over to introduce myself. As I told him my name, I held out my hand to shake hands with him. At first touch his hand was ice cold and his fingers were long, and as he grasped my hand a "vibrating" electrical shock went from my right hand up to my elbow. We released hands and I glanced up at him. His eyes were dark and he had a slight smirk on his face. It immediately went through my mind that he knew that I knew he was not human. I just slowly walked away and he walked back out onto the dock where the freight was. He never spoke a word the whole time. I was shaken by this occurrence, but I never told anyone. This "happening" bothered me for many months. I never told anyone for many years, except that one day my husband and I were watching a television program and the host asked "Have you ever met an E.T.?" 
Without thinking i said "Yup, I shook hands with one." As soon as I said it, i got up and went into the kitchen. I couldn't believe I said that out loud. My husband said "What? Why didn't you say anything?" and I replied "Because I knew no one would ever believe me." I never told my husband anymore about it, and never spoke of it again. Until now. I have always believed in outer-space beings since I was a child. The only reason I'm telling MUFON is that my health is starting to decline and I feel that I must tell someone. Over the years I've thought of it and how unnerving it was. I'm sorry that I cannot remember the exact date or time, I think it happened in the very late 1990s or very early 2000s. I can't remember the time of year because they have no weather seasons to speak of in Florida. I just remembered that within the next 3 - 4 months, it was mentioned that he abruptly left the company with no specific reason.
