{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-23 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5523169.json","updb_database_id":5523169}
disc shape object sited near Creve Coeur Lake

I was driving home down Creve Coeur Mill Rd past Creve Coeur Lake when something shiny came into view up in the sky. It was hovering in the sky, it didn't fly by me. I think I had about a 2-3 minute view as I was driving before the trees blocked my view. It was at around a 67 degree angle on the horizon.

As I was driving I kept watching the thing and I thought it must be a dad out with his kid flying a big saucer-shaped inflatable somewhere in the park around the lake. But, the shiny thing did not move or waver or flutter in the wind, and it was pretty big. I'm not a good judge of size or distance. Since it didn't move I then thought it must be a blimp. It was extremely reflective silver-colored and as I drove closer I could see the outline more clearly. It was definitely saucer shaped, light and reflective on top and dark on the bottom, like two saucers stuck together. The reflection off of the thing seemed to have a pattern, as if it was constructed in panels
I wanted to pull over, but the road didn't have a good place to pull off, and I figured that once I got around the trees I'd get to a place to pull over and get a better look. 

All of this was processing through my brain as I was driving and watching the thing in the sky.  It was becoming clear to me that I wasn't looking at a blimp. I am very familiar with the road, so it wasn't hard to look up and watch the road at the same time. I watched the on coming traffic and people walking the path around the lake to see if anyone else was looking up and nobody was. The trees at the other end of the lake were coming up so I knew that they would block my view for a few seconds until I could find a place to pull over. But, when I got around the trees, it was gone. 

I don't think the object was right above the lake, or the trees, I think it was off in the distance and it must have been pretty big. I am not a good judge of distance or size when something is far away, but it appeared to be smaller than a "Goodyear Blimp" but much bigger than a car or truck. The day was very bright and hardly any clouds around, the object was below the clouds. It didn't seem to be a reflection or visual trick, the shape was too distinct and clear. There were some large power lines around, but there weren't any tall towers or buildings nearby that could have reflected light.

The area that I was driving was south on Creve Coeur Mill Rd going past the lake. Anyone at the lake that afternoon would have seen it if they looked to the southern horizon of the lake above the tree line. The object appeared to hover above a wooded residential area near the lake, on the north side of Olive/Clarkson, near where the 141 construction is going on. From the air, the object would have had a view of the Missouri River bottom on one side and Hwy 40-141 on the other side. The area is near a lot of large power lines and not far from the Chesterfield Airport.

I would love to know if anyone else in the area reported seeing what I saw!
