{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-13 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5465169.json","updb_database_id":5465169}
{rjl} Dark Mettallic Square UFO With Orbs of Light on the Ground

This is the scariest thing that has ever happened to me in my life just happened. I1m reporting it because I want to see if anybody else saw anything in my area this day. Honestly i can1t even believe this just happened to me. My mind is blown. I truly didn1t believe this was possible. I1m going to going to provide as many details as I possibly can. I want this out there. 

I live in southern New Jersey about halfway between Philadelphia and Atlantic City. This sighing happened approximately 1145 PM on October 13th into the 14th. I went out on my front porch to smoke a cigarette when I start to notice movement across the four way stop about 20 yards in the distance. To me it looked like white looking mist moving across the road in a periodic nature. Also in the woods was metallic banging and movement sounds. Where the woods are across the street is just wilderness for miles until you hit the the Delaware Bay.

Right after that happens this white light rises up out of the woods and just sits there for about 3 minutes. At this point I wasn1t sure if it was just a plane off in the distance heading away from me or what it was be honest it just looked like a ball of light from that distance. When it started to move it moved right towards me. This thing moved at a slow steady rate until it1s literally about 500 yards from my face. It was a dark metallic almost plate or square looking object with the lights underneath flashing red upside down double v shaped patterns along with some random flashes of yellow light that weren1t bad in any shape or periodic. It scared the living hell out of me to be quite honest. It looked unlike any aircraft I1ve ever seen before. There always wasn1t any sound it was putting off except for a slight electric charge I felt in the air.

While it was flying at increasing speed away from me the other phenomenon I experienced first the mist free flowing forms crossing the street started up again almost like they stopped while the ship signaled them. I notice what sounds to be voices what feels like all around me but they sounded distant but close at the same time it1s hard to explain really. Also there was now a lot of lights all moving around in the woods and street right in front of me. The lights were orb looking. Free flowing little balls of bluish white light the almost resembled flashlights in the woods without people holding them. Which made me realize the mist looking stuff could be some kind of cloaked person or being just with very advanced technology. It really felt like there were people all around me at this point. The lights almost looked like people I couldn1t see where holding flashlights while they walked but I just couldn1t see who or why was holding it.

I was focusing on the orbs and misty type fighters in front of me so when I looked back for the craft it was already gone. So I didn1t get to see how the craft got out of view so fast. The whole thing was really scary for me. The lights were still moving all across the street and in the woods across from me. I1d say there were about 6 to 10 independent orbs of lights moving in the woods and along the road. That1s when there was this loud scrapping noise of metal on metal whichef scared me enough to get inside. I really didn1t know what was happening. Before this I really wasn1t sure if there really were ufos or not but this has left no doubt in my mind. I1m not saying it was aliens but it sure was something that we the general public have no idea about. Swear that every single word I1ve written is true. I1m free for any questions that anybody has.
