{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-12 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5485169.json","updb_database_id":5485169}
Saw three hovering lights, of different colors and sizes and then they started to act strange

There's a military base and an airport within 4-8km radius from the event, and any drone action coming from people living in the area is prohibited within that range.
Moon was very bright that night, and as I was coming home from a walk when I saw three objects (ufo2.jpg), two orbs and some kind of a transparent dome with two bright white lights on top and bottom. 
They were at least 4kms away, and no one was around at that time. There was some party in the building that's on the film and it was Friday night, so many people were out. 
But the full moon with bright yellow shade could've been more distracting on the other side of the night sky.
I thought these were either some new construction lights or slope lights (as there was a skiing slope in that direction, a few tall buildings and at least one construction site) or, more likely, planes preparing to land.
Then the large object, as big as a plane cockpit (that was cut right at the end of the cabin) that's about to land, but further away, moved. 
It moved in one spot, like you'd hold your extended hand with your thumb up and then just changed the direction of your palm to your left, without moving your wrist.
Without making any sound, it started to slowly head north west, towards the military base, but still far from it, only to disappear behind the first two trees. (as the trees can be seen on the "bright.jpg") 
Thanks to the fact that my skepticism won, only then I realized what was going on and immediately searched for my phone in order to zoom in and start filming. Then, after those lights hovered for a bit, one of the two orbs (there was a yellow and orange sphere, much smaller than the large cigar) circled around the orange light, as I deducted in order to accelerate, and followed the path of its mothership through the whole length of the building. 
The second orb soon followed it only to disappear in the same spot as the cigar. 
The lights were resembling approaching plane, but not blinking, not making any sound either while flying or changing direction.
They were solid to the naked eye but fluid in movement and with more colors visible on the camera. 
I msde more videos of bright planets, lampions and planes in that area and nothing moved like that. Only planet Venus looked like the orbs did, solid to the naked eye but trembling, as if made of liquid on video and much different than man made lights.

I know that this is old, but I only just learned of your site and would love to have these videos checked out by professionals.
