{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-23 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115200","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5288169.json","updb_database_id":5288169}
I witnessed two very different UFO objects on the same night.

It was the mourning of thanksgiving in 2017. I was visiting my mom in sulphur Louisiana for the holidays at her boyfriends house. At the time I was in college on break at Nicholls state university. Me, my mother, and her boyfriend decided to have thanksgiving dinner the night before thanksgiving because she had to work thanksgiving day at [business name have been moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] down the road from her boyfriends house. We all finish eating dinner and we all go to bed. I went to bed pretty early because I was tired from school work and was very full. I fell asleep in their living room because the guest room does not have a tv and I need the noise to fall asleep. I became wide awake in the middle of the night from falling asleep so early after dinner. It was around midnight that I woke up and could not fall back asleep. I put on the tv again because it shut off while I was sleeping. I did not know what to watch so I put on [tv show name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] . Some time around 1 AM thanksgiving mourning I start hearing what sounds like a plane flying over the house. I am used to what that sound sounds like so I don’t pay any mind to it because I was thinking it was going to pass over normally. Maybe 5 minutes later I notice it is louder than ever and sounds like it is right above the house. I walk over to the window that’s facing [exact location details have been moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] drive and I see this enormous looking drone with several lights from top to bottom flashing. It was way too big to be a regular drone. It was square in shape with 4 legs coming down from each corner. The drone looking ship was only in my view for maybe 3 to 5 seconds before it disappeared behind the trees. I freak out and jump back to the sofa in the living room. I did not know what to think. I started making myself believe that it was a drone and that there was no way I saw a real ufo. I turn off [tv show name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] from the TV because it was freaking me out even more. I then put on [tv show name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] to try and get my mind off of what I just saw. Maybe 20 minutes later I start seeing this flashing blue light hit the wall behind the tv coming from the window. My entire body becomes paralyzed and I cannot help but think that the ufo is back. Filled with fear I walk to the window and see this entirely new ufo ship. I knew for sure this had to be something from another world. This new ship was much smaller and further in the distance. It was diamond shaped with three lights. One light was blue at the top point of the ship not blinking. The other light was white and exactly in the middle and much brighter than the other two and also not flashing. The third light was blue and at the bottom point of the ship flashing. It would maybe flash once every minute or two and was the light I saw coming through the window hitting the wall behind the tv. This ship made absolutely no noise and moved through the sky very slowly. It made very weird patterns going left to right, forward and backwards, and rising and falling like something I have never seen before. I watched it for maybe an hour and a half seeing it disappear behind trees and then come back minutes later. I end up getting the courage to even walk outside and watch it for maybe another hour behind the brick wall of my moms boyfriends house. The object ends up going back behind the trees and does not return for long period of time. I ended up going back inside freaking out and start looking everywhere on the internet thinking that what I saw had to be on the news. I found absolutely nothing on anything happening that night. Instead I found a website showing that sulphur Louisiana is a hotspot for alien ufo and my jaw drops. I ended up staying up all night until my mother wakes up so I can tell her everything I saw. She is not from sulphur. She grew up in southern Louisiana near Dulac. I pretty much knew she was going to think I was crazy but I had to tell her. I told her exactly what I saw and she laughed it off and told me I must have been seeing things and then she went to work. Later that day she came home and told me how she started talking to her everyday customers that live in the area about what I saw and before she could describe what I saw the people began telling her that they see it from time to time. She told me they all described the ships exactly as I did before she could even tell them what I saw. This night was definitely the craziest experience of my life. I can never forget about what I saw. I never really knew weather or not I believed if ufos existed before then but I know for sure now that they are out there.
