{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114189","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5289169.json","updb_database_id":5289169}
I saw 2 different UFOs. They are in sky every night for over a week now . The orange orbs darted after a bright white hovering ufo with blue lights

I've been watching hours every single night for over a week now. I've seen orange orbs a few times and they come into our yard and have came toward us 2 times now. The orb darted straight for the white with blue lights ufo that is very large as if to intimidate it. It missed hitting the ufo by a hair and then swooped upward and went rite above our house and just sat there. The orbs appear as orange stars and then they slowly creep towards the white big ufo and or they light up and fly all around. There's multiple of them. I've seen a white huge odd streak that bounced horizontally across the sky near the UFOs and looked super animated and have researched for a solid week plus and have yet to find any explanation for what the white with blue lights is. It has split in 2. It emits something into the atmosphere. It has light beams at times. It has changed the colors of its lights. Last night I swear I saw a extra terrestrial life form running through our yard rite out my big kitchen window . I've had all my kids, hubby, neighbors whom are both adults all see them as well and said it's not normal or air planes or drones. We've seen lights all through the woods as well. I don't know who to tell this to or where to report it. I've came close to calling state police. I desperately need somebody to come take a look and we've watched them solid hours and catch all kinds of weird things. A orange orb came rite between to huge trees and they're probably 80 ish foot tall trees and the orb came half way up that tree and had absolutely no sound no blinking lights. we've seen them at the tree line a lot and go down under the tree line which made me wonder if it landed. But one night we all saw one on the ground in the woods and I had 4 other ppl see it as well. please help I have 4 kids 2 whom are very scared .
