{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-02 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116208","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5287169.json","updb_database_id":5287169}
Transparent like boomerang hovering. No lights and about the size of a football field under cloud cover.

I was outside around 10:30 pm with my friend and brother about to start celebrating my 18th birthday and all of a sudden, I felt this huge weight pushing down on my body, gravity like forcefield made me feel like I was being forced to floor and I couldn't move my body or stand up once I was on the floor. I was just looking at my brother and friend and they asked if I was okay. I said I was and I just needed a second to get up. At that time I haven't had anything to drink and I was sober. After a few seconds I managed to get back up and I looked up at the sky and I seen this huge boomerang shaped object about 1000 ft in the air and about the size of a football field or smaller. It was black or transparent but it was under the clouds and you cloud see the shape cut out in the clouds unlike any other shape in the sky. Almost looked like the object was able to copy the sky to camouflage but it was under a thick cloud. Knowing their shouldn't be a hole in that particular cloud. Then the object made a clear noise that was so loud you could hear the noise came directly from the sky. It made the noise (High pitched electro type of noise as it sounded like the noise traveled in the air fast) VEEVEEVEEVEEVOOVOOVOOVOO (The "VOO" was a deep pitch and the "VEE" was high pitched. Then It disappeared. It seemed to have teleported in an instant. As I asked my friend and brother if the seen what I seen, the said they weren't looking at the sky but they did hear a weird noise the same time I did. But didn't think much of it. As I stare at the sky Where the object was seen I notice the clouds start moving and I can see the boomerang shape in the sky cut into several clouds in the same direction and same shape. It appeared the object was traveling straight forward before disappearing, slightly towards the right. And it was facing north the entire time looking by the shape of the object. and about an ascension of a few degrees upwards. About 10 or 15 degree ascension. Then the clouds broke apart to regular shaped clouds but then it seemed to have cleared up and there didn't appear to be many clouds as before. Other than a few ones I seen that where thin and alot higher in the sky. Nothing else seemed to be affected that night and I haven't seen it again.
