{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5479169.json","updb_database_id":5479169}
{cak} Which ones..I've had 18 in the past 2 1/2 months.

I have had a number of sightings in the past 2.5 months. I will tell you one of the coolest ones I've witnessed...with wife. Wife and I were sitting on driveway when I turned around in my chair and saw it several miles west of my position. It was a solid bright red dot. At first I thought it was a mylar ballon, but still pointed out to my wife because since we have already had several sightings, I was hoping it was another one. I got up to get my binoculars and as I was walking just a few steps I turned around to look at it again didn't see it. Then I looked to my right (north) and it was now in front of me...I'm assuming a couple of miles or so. Hard to tell how far when I don't know the size of it, or have anything for scale in foreground or background. Now it looked like a bright pearl. Couldn't help think that it knew we were watching because after I pointed it out it came right in my line of sight. It must of traveled 5 miles or so in a matter of 2-3 seconds. I did not see it go from point A to B. We watched it for around 10 minutes, give or take, before it ascended. I say ascended because it faded out as it moved about an inch in the sky. I will attach pic that I saw that day.  Other sightings have had multiple objects with "dancing red lights" accompanying the pearls, my wife neighbor and I have seen a string of pearls ( my first sighting), Ive seen a white pearl with a pulsing red light that looked vertical in middle of object through binoculars,( couldn't tell if it was red with white light pulsing, or white with red light pulsing...view was a little shakey in binoculars. I've seen them look bright orangish from what I assume is the reflection of the sun...hence metallic in nature. I 've even had sightings where they only last for about 15 seconds. The altitudes have varied. Some have been eclipsed by cirrus clouds which gives me a sense the were very high, while others like the one in the photo seem to be lower. The coolest aspects about most of the sightings is that sometimes I will just look up and be staring right at it. Like that feeling you get when you look up and someone is staring at you. I have tried to look at them through my telescope several times, but by the time I try to focus on them, they are gone. I will continue to try to get better pics and will share any I get in future.
