{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89310","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2793,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5471169.json","updb_database_id":5471169}
{dr}2 amber colored square or diamond shaped lights stationary in the sky just after New Year's

It was just after New Year's Eve (12:15 AM) and I was looking and listening to the fireworks going off in my neighborhood and across the city out my dining room window. I noticed a bright amber light not moving or stationary which I thought was very strange as I could see and hear fireworks going off. I decided to go outside in my backyard to get a better look. 

Once I got outside I see that there are actually 2 amber lights one a little higher than the other. After a few minutes watching the light highest up of the 2 slowly ascended straight up into what was a light layer of cloud cover. Then after another minute or 2 the second light ascended straight up into the cloud layer as well. I could see the clouds reflecting the color of the lights as they ascended. I could no longer see the lights after they ascended.

I live on a hilltop on the north end of town with a great view of the city to the south. The lights from my vantage point were to the south eastwardly direction. I was looking up at about a 45 degree angle. I took a video of the lights on my cell phone, which doesn't do what I saw justice, but the video basically shows the lights and them ascending up into the clouds as I described. I regrettably used profanity while recording the video so I am not sure if I should submit. I took a 30 second video and then stopped so that I could turn off the flash on my phone and then continued for another 2 minutes until the lights went out of my view.

There is a Air Guard base here on the south end of town and I am very familiar with the F-15 fighter jets and what they look like at night. I have watched them from my dining room window many times. As far as I know they were not doing night flight exercises New Year's Eve. I am also familiar with what drones look like at night. These lights were much larger than a drone and too high up to be a drone. I couldn't make out any shapes other that the lights themselves, which were square/diamond shaped.

I was really hoping that other people saw the lights just to give me some validation or an explanation for what I saw.
