{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-15 17:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284169","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/169/mufon-5284169.json","updb_database_id":5284169}
Triangle headed westward

While traveling home on SW Farmington RD about a mile before the SW River Rd intersection, I noticed some lights that appeared to be headed north over the road. As I monitored the lights, it got closer and I could then see the flashing wing tip lights as it turned out to be an aircraft. It flew overhead, then made a slow turn to the left and continued south towards the Twin Oaks Airpark. Then I noticed another set of lights in the same general area where I had first noticed the aircraft. I slowed a little to try to get a better look, but it was far enough away that I could not determine what it was. As I continued past the SW River Rd intersection, the lights did not seem to be moving like the other aircraft I had seen in the area moved. It seemed to be moving much slower.
For much of the remainder of the drive up to the intersection of SW Simpson Rd, I only had a few glimpses of the light as it occasionally disappeared into the clouds. I still seemed to be moving quite slowly. There is a point on SW Johnson School Rd where there is a sharp 90 degree turn where I could safely pull off the road. I got my camera out to try to get the object on film. It was at this time that I could get a better look, rather than short glimpses of the object. I could tell that there were three lights that appeared to be in a triangular shape. It was far enough away that the camera was unable to focus and at best it got a blurry light. I decided to get home as quickly as I could to get a much better camera. By the time I got home, it was directly southwest and starting to disappear into the clouds. I got my camera and got back outside as quickly as I could by it was too late. It has disappeared into the clouds.
