{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-08 20:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469238","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91300","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/238/mufon-5469238.json","updb_database_id":5469238}
{td} Glowing orb, second time we saw something like this

I was standing outside having a smoke when i saw a light coming over the trees from the north. It was odd, since the flightline for Philly airport we are in has almost everything going east-west.
It was low, much lower than a plane and less than a mile from me. I pointed it out to my wife and we watched as it moved slowly from north to just southeast of us and then it went from very bright white to a dull orange and disappeared. We watched it for about 4 or 5 minutes and then it was just gone in a pitch bl;ack sky with no cloud cover. At that altitude, it was really moving so slowly that a plane might have stalled, but then I have never seen a plane glow so brightly unless the landing lights were pointing straight at you. This was moving perpendicular to us. It had no flashing lights, made no sound whatsoever and just disappeared completely. Moments later, there was about 5 planes that headed right to where it was, though they were at about 2-3000 feet and the object could not have been more than 1000 feet. That was also weird, since that is not the normal flightline at all, and then a helicopter came down the same line as the object. The activity looked like they were searching, since there is never activity like this at all from the planes either. I stand outside at night quite a bit having a cigar, looking at the night sky since there is very little light pollution and if you watch closely enough you can see a satellite once in a while.

about 4 months ago we saw something like this nearby. It was 5 object, exactly as bright traveling in a V. It was about 2 miles from our house on the other side of a hill due north of us. Those also flew along and one by one turned orange and disappeared. Both times the objects stood out since there isn't anything like them that I have ever seen before. 
Thankfully, my wife saw both events with me so I don't sound like a lunatic in my own home.

At this rate it should happen again, and I'll spend time getting video on my phone instead of looking for flashing lights.
