{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-16 18:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523238","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/238/mufon-5523238.json","updb_database_id":5523238}
Low and slow star-like object traversing from SW to E, then light instantly disappears after traversing 1 mile distant away from me.

On October 16, 2010 in Mesa, AZ around 6:50 PM, I saw what I thought may be a plane with a single head-light heading directly towards me from the south-west. As the object came closer to my location, the light was getting brighter and it was beginning to take on an appearance like a bright huge star with intense lighting. I had been getting into the habit of taking pictures of all jets or planes that head towards me at night, and I also continue taking pictures of the light until I either see a strobe lights, green or red lights, or flashing lights to indicate if it is a jet, plane, or helicopter. This UFO's light had a constant lighting with no flickering in lighting intensity.  I continued to take pictures of this object as it was coming closer towards me. As it was almost overhead, I noticed that the object appeared to be changing its coarse very slightly in a wide curve like it was now going to start heading north. However, when the object was almost directly overhead, it then started to head directly east. Not once did I hear any noise coming from it nor did I seen any strobe lights, green or red lights, or any kind of flashing lights coming from this object. The object was high in the sky where high flying commercial jets are normally seen. The object traversed at a speed similar to a slow flying plane. The bright light remained constant bright as it came towards me, above me, and while it traveled away from. When the object was about 2 miles away as it traveled away from me, the object's lighting instantly disappeared like a light switch was turned off. No lights were seen after that. 

In the beginning, I took many pictures at 1600 ISO with the shutter speed set at 1/60 sec. When object started going away from me less than a mile, I then set the shutter speed to 1 second which I was able to include a building's 2 story roof with the object in the same picture. I also tried to include some stars in with the UFO for reference size of the object. To me, the object size seemed to be about the same size of these jet or plane lights we normally see at night. If I had to guess to the actually size of the object, possibly as big as a plane or jet for the height I seen the object at. The lighting also looked similar to arc-welding type of light with the same intensity. The object definitely appeared to look like it was traversing inside our atmosphere. During the beginning of the sighting, I noticed 1 jet or plane in the air at the same time. Shortly after the sighting of the object, there seems to be a lot of air traffic which I seen at least 5 jet or plane heading in the same direction the object was last seen. Then very briefly, (maybe 1 or 2 seconds) I saw another bright object very bright like the first object about 1/2 mile away, but it quickly disappeared before I could get a picture of it when the object was lit. I took two pictures quickly where I thought I last seen the object at 1 second exposure. 
 Then about 43 minutes later, I saw a white light that was bright for 1 second, then dim down but not completely off, then brighten back up. It didn't strobe or flash, just bright white light then dim down then dim up to bright light which it did continuously. No other types of navigation lights were seen. I manage to get some pictures of that sighting. It possible that sight may be a jet, but the lighting was not typical for a jet that I normally see flying that usually strobe, flash, and have green, red, or white lights.
The sky was clear, no clouds were seen. Stars seem especially crisp. No wind. Temperature about 85 degrees Fahrenheit.

 I manage to get several pictures of the objects with no lighting wiggles at 1/60 sec. The 1 second exposure shows the constant bright lighting output even when the camera was not held steady enough in the hands. Just to note: If I had it the camera on a tripod for 1 second, it would had just shown a white light line. The object was so bright that you can see purplish colors on the outer parts of the object which usually indicates intense lighting. Not only that, because the object was so bright and at 1 second exposure, I had artifacts (ghost images) of the object in the same picture of some of the pictures I took; that usually occurs only with an extremely bright lighting.
