{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-04-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461238","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99871","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/238/mufon-5461238.json","updb_database_id":5461238}
{rjl} Driving at night, saw lights zigzagging across near sky. Next saw what looked to be small people.

Driving from Durango Colorado to Pueblo Colorado, usually an 8 hour trip. Saw lights in the sky that seemed to be just going along above my car like a balloon. I saw a beam of light and what appeared to be small people just coming down in the light. Nest awareness was driving into Pueblo, an astonishing 15 minutes after I left Durango. The exact same thing happened on a night I was driving an 18 wheeler from East coast to west coast. Arrived in Kingman Arizona about midnight and parked to sleep. Saw the small people after I parked in truck stop lot. I woke at 6:30 am to finish my drive to LA., only to find that I had checked at the gate of truck stop in Bernillo California at 1: am that morning. Both of these were impossible, but happened.
Another time, from coast to coast again, on interstate 10 outside Yuma Arizona, suddenly a giant dark cloud appeared. This time tho, there were a lot of us, talking on the c.f. radio as we always did when suddenly every truck, car, motorcycle and anything else that had an electrical system, just died in the middle of nowhere for no apparent reason. We all got out to look around. Inside that cloud we could see a vague very large cylindrical shape with a deep humming noise emitting from the cloud. Suddenly it just disappeared, cloud and all and all the radios suddenly came back on. We were all freaking out and stopped in Yuma truck stop to talk about it. We couldn't imagine anything but a ufo causing all that. I have had several encounters and 1 small teardrop shaped something inserted just under the skin on the back of my calf. It was made of something indestructible, exray cat, and sonogram proof. After almost a year of unsuccessfully trying to figure out what it was, I went to take it from my locked jewelry case and it had dissapeared
