{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492238","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67307","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/238/mufon-5492238.json","updb_database_id":5492238}
{jpg} Extremely large stationary silent object

In 1968 I was 17 years old. It was summer and school was out. At about 10pm I left my grandparents house, who lived in the [addressed removed/CMS/jpg] and proceeded east bound on Main St., which was a two-lane one-way street. The sky was completely dark and clear. I was driving a '62 Buick Invicta with the windows down.

As I approached N. 22nd St. the light turned red and I came to a stop to wait for the green light. This area of town is part of "old" Baton Rouge. To my immediate right was the Magnolia cemeter. At 2 o'clock was the Sacred Heart Catholic Church. To my 9 to 12 o'clock was an old neighborhood of single story residences. There is extensive street lighting in this area of town. There was almost no traffic.

As I came to a stop, I immediately noticed a very large object to the NE of me, about 1500 feet away and about 1000 feet in the air. It was as large as a football stadium, so despite being some distance away, it was impossible to miss.

The shape is hard to describe. Imagine taking two somewhat ornate squat candlestick holders, chop their bases off, and join them at the rims, with the lower half slightly more flattened than then upper half. It was a dull medium gray metal color and did not emit any bright lighting on its own, although it had a circle of small lighter-colored rectangular shapes around its middle. It was dimly visible mostly by the surrounding neighborhood lighting, but the circle of lighter colored rectangles around its middle made it easier to discern and define its overall shape.

I watched it for about 10 seconds trying to make sense of what I was looking at, and then I got out of my car and stood by the driver's door to get a better look. It was absolutely stationary, and absolutely silent, and I was trying to reconcile the impossibility of what I was seeing with possible rational explanations. 

My first rationale was that it might be some kind of huge blimp, but I had seen blimps before at LSU football games. First of all, it was not shaped liked any blimp I've ever had experience with. Secondly, even when hovering, a blimp has a very slight movement that can be eventually discerned against its background or with respect to nearby ground objects. This object was absolutely motionless.

My next rationale was that it might be a huge object being suspended by wires from a helicopter above it. But that immediately didn't make sense because it was way too big to be carried by a helicopter and there was no helicopter sound. Then I thought maybe the helicopter was so high in the air that I couldn't hear it, but then the required length of any wires in such a scenario would be absurd, and some movement would be inevitable as well.

By now, I had been watching it for over a minute and the traffic light had turned green for me and back to red again. Another car approached me from behind and came to a stop behind me, driven by a man in his late 20's - early 30's. As he came to a stop behind me, he had an inquisitive look on his face as to why I was standing outside my car door. I immediately pointed to the object, and he looked in that direction and his eyes got huge. He also got out of his car and said, "What is that?". I said, "I don't know. I've been watching it for awhile now trying to figure it out." At that point the light turned green again and he got back into his car, drove around me, and continued east on Main St.

I then got into my car and began to slowly drive through the intersection to the east, while continuing to watch the object. As I drove several blocks, it's relative position shifted appropriately (although it never moved itself), and finally the intervening buildings and tree obstructed my view to the point that I just continued eastbound and out of the area.

I told my grandparents about it the next day and they laughed it off. I never told anyone else about it for many decades until I shared the story with an old friend around 2010, and he was "kindly skeptical". I recently became aware of MUFON through the TV show and decided that I owed it to the purpose of MUFON to share my experience with your organization.

I understand it was many decades ago and relatively inconsequential compared to so many more incidents of greater consequence in this subject matter of unexplained objects, but it was an absolutely incomprehensible event that did not reconcile itself to anything in my life experience before or in the many decades since. Given all that I know, how could an object be so large, so unmoving, and so silent and yet just hang there in the sky like that? I've never seen anything like like before or since.

This is a Google Map street view of where I was when this happened: 

[Link movd to FI section/cms/tg]
