{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-07-01 02:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491238","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68332","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/238/mufon-5491238.json","updb_database_id":5491238}
{rjl} Struck by a blue beam, brought into the craft, saw 2 greys and a human

My friend and I were on our way home to Rochester, MN. It was about 2:00 am
and we were driving past the town of Coates. I heard a low humming 
sound which got louder. I could feel a vibration all over my body. I looked
out of the passenger window and saw a bright light at tree top level about
200 feet away. I told my friend to stop the car and he started to get
hysterical. I got a tire iron from under my seat and I was going to check
it out. I got to the ditch and that is the last memory I had.
After undergoing hypnosis I was able to recall being hit by a blue beam
which carried me to the craft, where a ramp opened, and I was brought in-
side. A door opened and a tall grey with a normal sized grey entered. 
The tall grey had on a black jumpsuit. Then a human entered, also wearing
a black jumpsuit. He was smiling and said there was no reason to be afraid.
"This is going to be a pure learning experience" and he brought me into the
cockpit area and told me to look outside the windows. The windows were one
way were I could see out, but the craft did not look like it had windows.
He showed me the control panel and how to operate it. He took me into
another room where there were an assortment of monitors on the wall. He
said to follow along with the images and they will teach you what you
need to learn. I watched the images for about 2 hours and somehow I was
able to understand what I was watching. When he returned he told me it was
vital that I understand these things because there may come a time when they won't be here to teach me. I would have to continue the Big Plan in their place. He said he didn't know when that time would be as there are many factors involved that could change the outcome. Then the 2 greys came back in the room and the ramp opened up.The smaller grey escorted me out of the craft and to my car. He put a small device on the side of my head and I became paralyzed and my vision went black. The next thing I remember was me and my friend pulling into a restaurant. We were both in a daze and couldn't figure out how the time got to be 5:30 am. So we had a large chunk of missing time. Since that time my friend has received flashbacks but doesn't want to be involved in anyway.
