Date                    Date
  Case No.:             1982                      15/04/2024                       24/04/2024
                                     Report:                    Resolution:
Location: Santiago Region: Metropolitana Classification: explained
A report of what was considered an aerial anomaly appeared in a
Summary:   Photo taken during the International Air and Space Fair, at "12:15" hours on April 13, 2024.

The user's report described a black sphere, with a size
From 6 to 20 meters, seen by 21 to 30 seconds flying always to the north by more than three witnesses.

The user testified that he took photographs of an F16 during FIDAE and that
Upon reviewing that material alongside the aircraft, "a black spherical shape appeared suspended in the air."

Along with the report, the file "A6EEB2C3-B49E-4A19-B69A-2CCF57C6FD62.jpeg" was entered, which is displayed in Figure 1.

User description:

Figure 1

The user's location was georeferenced in the public sector.
FIDAE 2024, location at coordinates 33° 22’ 37’’ S, 70° 47’ 30’’ W and 472 m.s.n.m.
Investigación: INVESTIGATION
Figure 2 shows it alongside the air space sector where it occurs
demonstration flights
Figure 2
The user delivered a total of eleven original photographs that he took of the flight.
a F16, among which only one showed the object under study. It was
Figure 3 presents, alongside the aspect of what was studied in its natural size.
In Figure 4.

Figure 3

Figure 4

This image was perused using various forensic techniques to confirm its digital integrity and establish that the camera used was programmed with an emphasis on aperture, resulting in a shutter speed of 1/500 of a second, a diaphragm aperture of F5.6, and with an exposure compensation.
From +10/3 for a cloudy scene lighting. The field of view was 9.8° and the automatic focus system kept everything in focus from approximately 14 meters from the lens.

The shutter speed ensured not only the plane's movement was frozen. The small visible angle allowed for the consideration that the studied object was centered in the image, very close to the center.
The analysis of the aerial situation at the moment of the photograph confirmed that neither in the military flight sector nor in the eastern sector of the city was there any other aircraft that could have been recorded.

All of the above led to conclude that what was perceived as a possible "vehicle" was in fact a natural phenomenon or an optical illusion caused by the extreme proximity to the camera.
The "flying object" was actually a very small and close-by flying object that went unnoticed between the camera and the plane that was being photographed.
The diffuse nature of its appearance did not allow for its characterization without bias.

According to the analysis of the testimony and what resulted from the studies.
Geographical, forensic, photographic, and air traffic data concluded that what was reported was a fortuitous capture of a small object whose flight crossed very close.
Conclusion: To the camera. Given the characteristics of the available image, it was not possible to perform a more detailed identification, but it was verified that it did not represent any danger to the ongoing air operation. Case classified as Possibly Explained.
