Date                    Date
  Case No.:             2027                      13-11-2024                         20-01-2026
                                     Report:                    Resolution:
Location: Angol   Region: Araucanía   Classification: Closed

He/She reported what was described as a white light, with a size of 2 to 5 meters,
that was seen at 12:45 hours on the 13th of November, 2024, for more than a
Summary:

The report indicates "Vertical commune of Angol heading south. Erratic flights from west to west," appearing from the south towards southwest, at an altitude of 100 meters, before ascending and disappearing.

Testimony:

"I incorrectly registered as a pilot. I was in the commune of Angol and started seeing objects flying at different altitudes."
Directions. Erratic flights even almost diamond formation flights. I contacted chemtrail operations to inquire and they had no information.

User Description:
They requested information from Temuco and there were no prior records of air operations at the time of the observation. I am a private pilot with the Caudec and I observed objects at
They were at different altitudes and with various directions. I captured them from the commune of...
"Angle with a southern view. I have 4 recordings but it doesn't allow me to upload them on the page. If they contact me, I can send them."

"Due to the vague information and for statistical purposes, a location was established at the Plaza de Armas (Arms Square) in the city of Angol."

Investigation:

Although the user registered as an Air Traffic Controller or pilot, it was verified that the user was not registered as an official with the DGAC (Civil Aviation Directorate).
It also did not provide the minimum information proper of a pilot (Figure 1).

Due to the lack of audiovisual means to study and the minimum information, the investigation file was closed according to the numerals 2a (The person making the report must identify themselves and provide minimum and responsible information that warrants the initiation of an investigation and allows contact according to the

Conclusion:
(Study needs) and 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Research Times, Reception, Executive Report Preparation, and SEFAA Report Archiving. Case classified as Report.
