{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-22 16:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515376","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2769,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/376/mufon-5515376.json","updb_database_id":5515376}
{nd} Silvery, Luminescent sphere like object hover high in the sky on clear day. Traveled very slowly opposite wind and cloud movement in W-NW direction.

I was searching the net to see if anyone else saw the strange object I saw in the sky 09/22/2012. I live in the mountain like area in Moriarty, NM caught in between Moriarty and Edgewood. When I walk my dog I often look up at the sky and take deep breaths as we walk, you know, enjoying the clean air and such. I happened to notice an white/luminescent object stationary in the sky. I thought it might be one of the air balloons that people mistake for aircraft that Id heard of but I thru that out, it was up too high and it didn't move like the wind was blowing it. It just stayed there. I walked back home backwards looking to see if it would move but it didn't. When I got home I looked for my camera and told my friend to come look. As we went outside I noticed it seemed a little farther west than before and the clouds coming from the west had caught up to it. I watched for about an hour and a half. It WAS moving but very slowly...opposite the wind. So I thought maybe it was a rare event when you can see a planet with the naked eye. A commercial plane flew under it and seemed to be almost the same size as the plane even though it looked farther away. I scratched my head, I shrugged that off to the fact they both were far off and distance would be too hard to judge between the two. Then I noticed it shined against the light of the sun so it couldnt be a distant planet. There were no dramatic moves or spectacular lights. But there was definitely variants in the way the sun hit it at times. It just hovered and shined in the sun, very slowly moving west in the direction the sun was going until I could no longer see it for the mountains. The object in the photos I took seems so much smaller than what the object really was, so to me, are no good. I missed the opportunity to picture it as the plane flew by. I looked to see if anything was on the news or if someone else had seen something...maybe the air-force base was testing something but nothing until I ran across this. Its good to know Im not crazy.
