{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-24 20:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486376","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/376/mufon-5486376.json","updb_database_id":5486376}
{rjl} Two red/orange very bright objects hovering in sky for several minutes, then disappeared.

I was visiting my parents for Christmas. I just took a load of presents out to my vehicle. After placing them in the back seat, closed the door and looked up. I noticed two very bright lights in the sky above my parents garage, to the east. These were very bright and stationary. No noise, no pulsating or anything, just bright steady orange/red light.

I watched these lights for about a minute. Initially, I thought to myself these could be planes taking off from the Waukesha airport as I have noticed this in the past growing up here at this house. Then I thought to myself--can't be. The lights are the wrong color and not moving. The landing lights always shut off eventually or the plane flies by overhead. I watched these lights for about a minute. Then ran into the house and got others to come out.

My brother-in-law came out first and was immediately shocked. We watched the left light fade out and disappear. It was if the light was traveling at a very high rate of speed away from me. It faded and then could no-longer be seen. The light to the right did not move or change brightness. I ran back to the house as the kids were not coming out--I wanted them to see. As we ran out and down the yard, Joe (brother-in-law) said the light moved abruptly sideways (to the left I think--would be north--he would have to confirm). As we watched the light then began to fade as the first one did. I told the kids and Joe I thought the object was traveling away from us at a high rate of speed. Eventually it disappeared.

The kids were scared when they saw the object. I have to admit I felt like my hair was standing on end. 

My sister and wife kept saying someone is flying a drone or something. I was thinking we just witnessed very rare secret aircraft and the light was afterburners as they were flying away from us, or this was something not of this world. Joe thinks this was not a plane as we know them. I have to agree, an afterburner that bright would certainly be noticeable, and if not by me, by many others as this area is close to the Milwaukee and Waukesha areas. I have witnessed many air force fly-bys with afterburners. They usually look blue/white and are very loud. I have seen them at night as well, this was not a conventional after burner. 

I went back into the house and looked at a website called Flight Aware. There were no aircraft in the area for a 100-miles or more. There was one that would have been west of my location flying north-west.

I looked around in the sky for a while afterward. Nothing. I looked on the horizon to the west, I could see the radio towers several miles away with their flashing red lights--defiantly not one of these.

About 20-30-minutes later my wife and I left for home.
