{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502376","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/376/mufon-5502376.json","updb_database_id":5502376}
Walking dog when I saw am extremely bright light travelling at a high rate of speed from my left to right above the tree tops about half a kilometre down my street.

I usually walk my dog around midnight. We were standing at the foot of my driveway waiting to see if my dog was ready to retire for the night and I was looking down my street. About half a kilometre away there is a hill behind homes with large trees. It was a very clear night so I was looking at the sky when suddenly I saw an extremely bright light travelling in a straight line above the tree tops. It was travelling at a very high rate of speed, basically as fast as moving your arm from left to right and then it left my view. It was like looking at a very bright LED Christmas light only it was round and fairly large, probably about a quarter size of a full moon. There was no sound. The brightness was consistent. Always bright. But it didn't light up the night sky around it. The only brightness was coming from the object. It certainly wasn't a plane, far too low. Doubt if it was a satellite. again far too low. It probably was travelling as fast as a fighter jet would travel. The Brantford Municipal Airport is about 5 miles to the west of where I first saw the object and Hamilton International Airport is about 30 miles to the east. When I initially saw it, the first thing that came to mind was that I was seeing the headlight of a truck moving along a road because there is a four-lane highway just beyond those the hill/trees. But then I realized, the light would have been facing me, not going from left to right. Also, I went out the next night around the same time and never saw a thing so pretty sure you can't see cars or trucks travelling along that highway.
