{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463376","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/376/mufon-5463376.json","updb_database_id":5463376}
{cak} To all of us in a low housing project (mill ridge) it was huge and it flew over our neighborhood and hovered over the Danbury airport for about 45 mins. Giving us all a long look at it. It mimic the runway landing lights.

I was walking home a 11 year old boy from friends house because it just got dark outside.I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. I spun around to notice a ship the entire size of High Ridge Gardens housing project. I ran to the first house closest to me. The man who lived there a respected large black man. As soon as he opened the door and seen me scared to death he looked up at the ship and said get home now. Slamed his door and shut off all the lights. I ran home and my brother and our neighbors all gathered in our back yard and watched it slowly hover out over the Danbury airport where it hovered for about 45 mins. The lights on the perimeters of the ship were mimicking the airport runway lights. We had a telescope for looking at the moon and focused it on the ship but were only able to see the lights one at a time because the telescope was to powerful to focus that close. However while looking at the lights with the naked eye it was purple on two sides of the craft and green on the other sides of the craft. When we focused the telescope on a single light it was changing throughout the whole color spectrum?? It was like a whirlpool swirling all the colors of the color spectrum. I personally know 15 of the witness that night. I moved on with my life after the local paper(the news times) in Danbury said it was planes flying ing formation. Not until I seen it again in the 90's on unsolved mysteries. I get goose bumps telling my story and each time another show highlights it. I know now it is considered the Hudson valley sightings. Feel free to contact me for any information I may shed on this very true story.
