{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516376","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4276,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/376/mufon-5516376.json","updb_database_id":5516376}
{cak} No ufo was seen, only an entity with communication

In the fall of 2008 on a Saturday evening I awoke in my bedroom in my home to go to the bathroom around 4am or so. When I reached the foot of the bed I made eye contact with a short, black entity and immediately was in its hold emotionally, mentally and physically. I knew instantly when I saw it that it was an alien creature but not a typical grey like you read about or see in the movies. The creature had huge black pools for eyes and it spoke to me through telepathy. The creature held out its arm/hand towards my neck and the necklace I was wearing floated out towards its hand but was still clasped around my neck. It told me through telepathy that it wanted the necklace. I answered it back through telepathy that I did not want to let it take the necklace as it was a very special gift from my daughter when she visited the Pyramids of the Sun and Moon in Mexico. The necklace is made partially of silver, it is a round pendant with a warrior on one side and a pyramid on the other side. There are other unknown varying colored materials in the necklace with some kind of resin. The creature told me it just wanted to borrow the necklace and promised to bring it back. I continued to protest through telepathy but the necklace floated off my neck and into the creatures hand. It did not even have to undo the clasp, it just floated off with ease and no pain to me. I do not remember anything else, I woke up and remembered what happened, reached for my necklace but it was gone. I scoured my room for the necklace for weeks but did not find it on the hardwood floor or anywhere in the room. A few months later, one night my boyfriend stayed overnight and while we were lying in bed I asked him if he believed in aliens, he said yes so I told him the story. He said "Maybe you cannot find it because you are looking for it with your eyes." I said "What is that supposed to mean?" He then told me to reenact what happened that night, so in the dark room I walked to the foot of the bed where I had met the creature and reached down and there was the necklace on the floor!!! I was totally blown away as me and my daughter had searched repeatedly for the necklace numerous times and I had swept and vacuumed the hardwood floor as well. During my encounter, I felt like the being had a great deal of control over my emotions and thoughts, I still felt a shock and horror and despair as it took my necklace, but my heart never raced at all. The creature was about 4 foot high was totally black and stood like a human with a human shape but its face looked similar to a praying mantis and some of its skin looked like reptilian, including the dread lock like thick and long hair tendrils,but more like reptile skin not like hair as we know it. It also looked like it had a black reflective chest plate, I am not sure if that was part of its natural body or some kind of armor. This thing looked very scary and menacing but it was not mean to me other than to upset me by taking my necklace. There was no evidence of its visit except my memory and the missing necklace. I am not sure if anything else happened all I can remember is the above. I do however remember seeing a side view of the creature and I saw it from the other side of the bed. Not sure if that was a memory from the same visit or a different visit. A lot of strange thins have happened to me for as long as I can remember, a lot of high weirdness, but this is the only time I can consciously remember actually seeing an unknown entity. I would like to have hypnotherapy sessions to see if more details and information can be dug up from my unconsciousness.
