{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1972-08-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"q6ig2k","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180738,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Luminous, bowl-shaped object hovered near ground; blinding white light brightlyilluminated terrain; object made "whooshing" noise, shot straight up (UFOE II,Section - V).We were in the middle of a localized mini-flap of sightings
which covered an area of Kansas around 500 square miles in extent. Many
towns in southwestern and central Kansas had seen objects.

At 2:07am, the dispatcher in Colby received a phone call saying that
there was an object in the sky to the northeast of town. Five minutes
later Patrolman Paul Carter saw it. "It was big, very bright, changing
from red and green blinking colors to bright white, so bright you
couldn't look at it. It lit up the pasture". The object, a domed disk,
hovered 10 to 15 feet above the ground. Carter said the thing was 30 to
35 feet in diameter and 20 to 25 feet high, sort of like a fat,
inverted cereal bowl. Just above the bottom rim were located the large
blinking red lights, circular in shape and in a horizontal line. Above
them, scattered all across the top of the dome were the blinking green
lights. There seemed to be no pattern to their flashing that Carter
could determine.

Shortly his patrolling partner, Dennis Brown, arrived in another car.
He witnessed the thing rise up from the field and cruise away to the
southeast. Policemen from a nearby town reported that they had watched
the object through binoculars for about four minutes as it gradually
distanced itself from the area. What happened next is a little garbled
but it seems that Carter and Brown tried to pursue the object, but
every time they seemed to close a bit the object moved on. Finally,
getting out of their normal jurisdiction, they gave up and turned back
to Colby.

Their dispatcher told them to go and check on what had happened with
the original fellow who had called at 2:07am. They arrived at John
Calkins' residence and heard that he had been awakened by dogs barking
their heads off at 2am. A saucer-shaped object was descending over a
quonset building nearby and it was blazing bright. The object was a
disk, 25 to 35 feet in diameter and 15 to 20 feet high. It had a dome
and was making high-pitched noise [his dog was later found cowering
with paws over ears]. The noise turned to something like Morse code
beeping, which Calkins could not interpret. The thing was too bright to
stare at, and it frightened the witness.

The reports do not say how this object left, but it was long gone by
the time the officers showed up to talk to Calkins. [The presumption in
all this is that both observations were of the same disk, and that as
Calkins called the police, the disk left and was shortly seen by
Carter]. Other than describing his own experience, Calkins' best quote
was his remark about Carter and Brown. "They were white as sheets. I've
never seen a police officer that scared in my life".

[References: "Patrolmen No Longer Laugh at UFOs" and "Near Landing of
Gem UFO", transcriptions of two articles from the Kansas City Star
newspaper of approximate date August 20,1972 as given in DATA-NET VI
(9): September 1972; plus [ general Kansas flap coverage in ] APRO
Bulletin July-August 1972, esp. pp.1,4-5; plus Hayden Hewes. "UFOs Over
Kansas", FATE March 1973, pp. 84-89.]
