{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-15 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452568","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/568/mufon-5452568.json","updb_database_id":5452568}
Lights observed in clear sky. Very bright and close. After brief encounter object raced across sky to opposite horizon before dissapearing.

I am writing to report a sighting/experience I witnessed on Saturday evening the 15th February 2020.
Myself and a hunting friend Josh were positioned high up on a hill, looking down into a valley, which had some small clearings, into which the deer would venture out, allowing us a shot at them, if we were lucky.
This is a favorite spot for us to sit and look down into the valley.
As it gets darker, we would get out our thermal imaging gear, and continue the search with this high tech equipment.
On this particular evening we had pretty much given up hope of seeing anything down below, and being high up, on a clear sky, we were looking skywards and following the odd satellite, and falling star.
At about 23h45 whilst looking up at the sky, we were faced with a large single light, which shone for a few seconds, and then went out.
We kept looking in this direction, and it came on again, in the same area. Again it stayed on for a while and then went off. This happened about 3 or 4 times, with each light sighting in the same area.
The lights were stationary, and a lot larger than any of the stars in the background, which would suggest this phenomena was probably 400 to 600 meters away.
There were no indications of any noise, or electromagnetic disturbance through our 2-way handheld radios.
After the last light went out, there was a flash from where we last saw it, right across the sky to the distant horizon, where we saw a beam of light shining down towards the ground.
Once this went out the craft/lights disappeared and we never saw anything again.
I have been in Aviation in various roles for nearly 40 years, and can say that what I experienced was not man made. No noise like a drone or helicopter. The light was large, bright and close.
Any man made craft would have emitted a sound.
The speed that it moved from where we were to the distant horizon was phenomenal, and certainly not something man made, in my opinion.
My thought are that these craft run on magnetism, which would explain the ability to hover and move effortlessly in any direction at any speed. This would also eliminate the need to stop for fuel every now and again.
If the craft is positively charged and a source of the opposite charge is radiated ahead of the craft, this will draw it in this direction, without sound or a heat signature.
The area that this happened was in the Lees Valley Area, which is some distance to civilization. There would be no chance of any amateur drone pilots there. Again no noise and the sheer speed of craft, eliminates this theory.
