{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-02-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492568","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66964","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5329,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/568/mufon-5492568.json","updb_database_id":5492568}
Large, triangular craft with a dome in the center, hovering over trees, not more than 120 feet away.

I was a student at the University of West Florida in Pensacola, and was the News Director for the campus TV show. We were allowed to use the studio and editing equipment after hours at the local PBS station (a deal with UWF for broadcasting students). That PBS station, WSRE-TV is located at 1000 College Boulevard in Pensacola.
1After hours1 usually meant late night hours. I was working late with a fellow student [S.D.] (he did the sports reporting for our TV show), and he drove us there and back in his car. All I remember about his car was that it was compact and white. (Can1t remember make & model 1 but that doesn1t really matter). I sat in the front passenger seat as we left the station about 2 a.m. and S.D. was driving us back to campus.
The drive to/from UWF1s campus from WSRE is about a 10-15 minute drive, and you have to get on University Parkway, which is a straight shot for several (under 3) miles, right to campus.
There are small rolling hills along this road and we noticed what appeared to be car headlights ahead. But the weird thing was that every time we took a dip down one of the hills, they wouldn1t disappear, and they were seemingly in the same spot at the crests1. Like the 1car1 wasn1t moving toward us. We continued toward campus wondering aloud about this. 
Driving toward UWF, University Parkway is wide and dead-ends on Campus Blvd. It is a large, wide intersection. When we arrived at the intersection, we saw that the lights were not from a car, but a craft hovering above the pine trees just in the back of the corner gas station (I think it was also a 7-11 type place, but it closed shortly after this episode and isn1t there any more.)
Of course this was an amazing thing to see, and S.D. stopped the car in the intersection, as we both looked up at this triangular-shaped craft. He was scared speechless, I was completely fascinated. I opened the car door and S.D. started yelling 1Don1t Get Out!1
But I was awestruck and wanted to get closer. But the MOMENT my foot hit the ground the UFO took off at high speed to my right, into the night sky, at a 45-degree angle. It seemed to know the second I was there, and it1s 1headlights1 turned off the same moment it took off. It was TOTALLY SILENT. No whirring or engine noise at all, it didn1t need to accelerate; it just took off and was out of sight in a second or two. This was NOT technology we had then, or now. 
I know Pensacola has been a hot spot for UFO sightings over the years, and many people brush if off due to the close-by military base(s). But I was CLOSE to this thing. Maybe 120 feet away, as it hovered over a pine tree that was perhaps 50 feet tall. And I had eyes on it (it1s 1headlights1) for about 8 minutes.
S.D. wouldn1t talk about it. Not then or the day after, as I described the incident to a couple of professors in the Communication Arts Department. He couldn1t (or wouldn1t) utter a word about it. I don1t know if he blocked it or remembers it. Last I heard he was living in Miami. But he would never speak about it, not even to me. 
Over the years I have only mentioned this incident to a handful of very close people. The response I got from my professors (mostly sneers and laughter) was enough for me to keep silent all these years.
I never felt fear or threatened. When people mention those feelings during an encounter, or describe abductions, it makes me believe that there are at least two type of aliens. One that is benevolent. And one that is not. I felt this encounter was with a 1benevolent1 type. And if not aliens, perhaps beings from another dimension1. Or even 1us1 in the far future, time-traveling backwards. I don1t know 1who1 I saw. But I am definitive about WHAT I saw.
I am by no means an artist, but can describe it. The craft was triangular in shape. Maybe 40 feet in diameter(?). The shape of the triangle wasn1t with hard pointed corners, but the corners were 1soft1 or somewhat rounded. It appeared silvery metallic on top. Underneath, it would be hard to know the color, because there were bright lights on the bottom, all around the bottom edge. Strangely, I don1t remember that these lights put out much of a glow much beyond the craft. In other words, it wasn1t illuminating the ground. And if memory serves, they weren1t really white, but a variety of blues and greens. The 1headlights1 on top were a bit wider apart than a standard car1s would be. I clearly remember having that thought as I stood there, (having initially thought this was a car on the distance.) I was close to it (in the stationary car) for about 10 seconds before I got out of the car and it flew away.
