{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-12 21:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481568","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78440","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/568/mufon-5481568.json","updb_database_id":5481568}
{cak} Hovering in sky then it just disappeared like it started to turn off it's light blinking or blink out

My husband was driving, my daughter was in front seat with him and I was in the backseat. We were in our driveway, had just come home from Dairy Queen. I looked out the window into the field coming up the driveway in our house, spotted a bright orange floating light in the shape of an orb. It looked like a ball of fire.  My daughter and husband spotted it and we stopped. It did not move but there was a tree blocking our view some want so my husband backed up and stopped. We watched it for about a minute and then it started blinking and then it just blinked itself off. Like someone turning off the light switch it was gone.  I am a private pilot, so I am familiar with most aircraft and required FAA lights. At first I thought it could be one of those Chinese lanterns but it never descended or went any direction. I want to say that I have seen this same thing several times. This one was not as close or maybe it wasn't as big. It is very fascinating and whatever it is makes you feel calm and not afraid at all. I was at the airport two weeks before, Around 10:30 PM. We were hanging out at my dads hanger talking and noticed one of these lights at the east end of the runway. I thought it was another aircraft coming in with the landing light but then I noticed how orange the light was and not white like most landing lights. I told everyone to be alert as an airplane was coming in, but as we all stood and watched the light, it never descended, it just hovered and did the same thing as this other light, it just blanked out. I want to add that they are round looking fireballs, or that they are rounds fears with some form of energy or lights that make them look like they are on fire.
On Fourth of July, we saw another light like this but I also wrote it off at the Chinese lantern because it was Fourth of July. It was 3 AM and we were leaving early For the airport in Jonesboro, AR go to Chicago for the week. Now that I think back, I'm not so sure it was a Chinese lantern at all. I am not the only one that keeps seeing these orange lights. Some years ago, I think it was in 2011 on New Year's eve that I reported seeing 8 to 10 of these lights and watching them for well over 10 minutes. I know this sounds crazy, but I do believe they are angelic beings of light and not craft. You may contact me for full explanation. I am always in a group of people, most with my family, and no one ever feels fearful when seeing them. I feel like they are starting to be around a lot now. When I first started seeing them back in 2011, I thought maybe they were afterburn from some kind of MOA activity from why did Air Force Base. My house is under and MOA if you will look on a aerial map. In 2011 we saw those bunch and I was guessing 8 to 10 of them, a couple of them were dropping out white light, and the only way I could describe it was like fairy dust falling out of them. Several people in our town saw these orange fireballs or UFOs so I know I am not crazy, but it is taken me several years to come to that conclusion. I see other people report them on Twitter and get pictures of them or video on YouTube.  I have studied them for a few years now and still quite curious, but I do believe they are a benevolent or they would have done something by now. I seem to have become quite intuitive since I have been seeing them for several years now. I know it sounds crazy but I can't help but wonder if it is because I have seen them so many times. I have no pictures or videos as it seems when we see them, I am just mesmerized is to watch them and forget to take picture or video.
