{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-10-20 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548568","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/568/mufon-5548568.json","updb_database_id":5548568}
metalic looking cigar with rounded ends ufo seen maybe 40 feet above my friends house, slient had portholes along side, moved very fast in Z pattern

At the age of 16 in oct 1970 (I just remember it was fall) I and my friend were coming home from school.

I stopped at the stop sign just below my friend's house. As I pulled away from the stop sign another boy who lived in the neighbor hood rode his bicycle right in front of the car. I had to hit the brakes hard to keep from hitting him. I yelled at him through the open window. "whats wrong?" he looked like he was about to cry. He yelled back "flying saucer". 

My frined and I just laughed. We pulled up to my frieds house where we stood out in his front yard talking for a minute or two. We were joined by his youger sister and very young brother (they had walked down from the nearby elementry school).

I was facing my frind and his brother and siter. All of a sudden I noticed they were looking up in the air, I looked up also and saw about 40 feet above my frineds house a very large metalic looking something. This thing was montionless and made absoutely NO noise. I would gues it was about 50 feet long and 20 feet wide. (It was about 1 1/2 times longer than the house). The craft had what appeared to be port holes at least along the side that I could see. It looked liked the skin was made of polished aluminum. I saw No signs of construction like rivets, seams, supports, struts or anything. Other than the port holes which were round and seemed to be recessed a few inches into the craft, the outside was completly smooth , NO gondolas, propellers, wings, stablizers, wires, nothing. The day was clear and we got a good look at it. I saw no way to enter the craft (at least from the side I was looking at).

We all watched in silent as the craft remained motionless for about 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. All of a sudden it shot up very fast (I guess it went up about another 40 feet) then it banked to the right and up at a maybe 20 degree angle and made a large "Z" in the air. In a split second it was maybe 1,000 to 2,000 feet away. 

The craft went higher and turned left, it was now over us and heading out of town. I jumped in the car and drove as fast I as could trying to keep it in sight. I kept it in sight for maybe another 3 or 4 minutes but by now it was pretty high. It slow down some but was still going very fast maybe 400 or 500 miles an hour.

It may sound strange but we didn't talk about it for years and when we did we both agreed that we didn't know what we saw. Now my frined and his little brother only seem to have a vague memory of "something" happening.I haven't talked with his sister since she lives out of town now.

The boy on the bicycle was another story. As I said I didn't talk about the event for years, I didn't want to be labeled a nut. I saw the boy on the bicyle about 10 years ago and he told me his story. He said he was riding his bike across the river bridge (It was kinda of a odd time most of the adults in West Point had 9-5 jobs and school had been out a while so the roads were petty empty) anyway this craft had (according to him) come out of the water and was literally chasing him. No wonder he was so upseat. I saw him again about 3 years ago he says he still has night mares about the event. 

As a note the boy on the bike said he developed skin cancer, he is disabled and walks with a cane, my friend also developed skin cancer (melanomia).

During the event I was more amazed than scared, that came later.
