{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-09-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506568","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52195","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/568/mufon-5506568.json","updb_database_id":5506568}
{kt}friend and I saw bright red star that kept getting bigger overhead. watched ufo desend over a box canyon 1/4 mile away about 3-400 ft high. it slowly moved our direction untill it was almost directly overhead and 200 ft high. we jumped off the road

My friend and I went for a walk on a new freeway that was under construction, it was about 1/2 mile from my house. My family was moving from CA to DE in about a week so it was the last time we would be able to have a nice walk in the Santa Anna winds. The wind was blowing 25-30 mph, we loved walking in high winds it felt great. We walked about a mile or so and was in the middle of some good conversation when I saw a very bright red star about 80 degrees up in front of us. We kept walking not really thinking much of it, a few minutes later I looked up again and it was getting bigger. I said something to my friend about it and we both kept an eye on it while walking. At this point we both had our attention on the very large red star that was moving and quickly decreasing altitude. We watched the UFO drop down to about 300-400 ft off the ground and about 1/4 mile away. It was hovering over a box canyon we rode our motorcycles in frequently, we called it the Ladera jumps because we would ride up the sides and fly over the top of the canyon walls.
It was dark out about 8:30 or 9:00 in the evening and we had not spotted anybody on this freeway but us. Normally we had to hide from the security patrol when ever we walked on this stretch of road. Of course when we would have loved to see their truck come along this night, no truck. Well we watched it slowly move from one end to the other end of the box canyon and then we were shocked to see it come over the freeway that we were on and drop down to 200-300 ft off the road. Our nerves started to get the best of us when it started to come our way. It hovered with no noise at all while the wind was so strong we had to lean into it to stay on our feet. When it got almost directly above our heads we freaked out and ran the other direction. We were on a overpass at the time so we ran to the corner where it was only about a 10ft drop off the ground and jumped. As soon as our feet hit the ground we ran under the overpass and stayed there for a bit, I kept peeking out to see if it was still above us. I can not tell how long we stayed under the overpass both of us were shook up. When we got enough nerve to come out it was gone or so we thought. 
We climbed back up on to the road and started looking all over the place trying to spot it. About 1/2 mile away was a sheep herd that was brought in to keep the wild wheat down during fire season. We spotted the UFO it had gone over a small hill over the sheep and now it was slowly increasing altitude like it was in slow motion. When it was 200-300 ft high it slowly tilted on an angle until we could see through the dome on top of the UFO. Inside in red light we could see the outline of 2 or 3 humanoid shapes. It increased altitude to 500-600 ft and took off so fast it was gone in seconds. The UFO was the typical disc shape but on the bottom like a ring around the outside it had lights about 3-4ft wide that would change different colors, all the colors of the rainbow,it was like a wave flowing around the base.

My wife and family have been the only people I have ever told about my experience. Sept 1970 Thousand Oaks CA changed my life for ever,its finally off my chest and it does feel good.
