{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-28 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291568","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/568/mufon-5291568.json","updb_database_id":5291568}
Bright lights, orbs, triangle shape in sky.

Started out as bright beams of light shining through my bedroom window at night. The beams of light we’re moving back-and-forth I’m very bright on my wall. I looked out my bedroom window to see what it was, and I saw a bright glowing orb of white lights in my woods, and it was moving back-and-forth. Then it started turning on and off, like it noticed me watching it. It would move back-and-forth, it could flash really brightly, could make a strobe light effect, it did all kinds of weird things. I noticed two more of them, three of them total, in triangle shape. Over the next entire week, I started going outside in my yard and looking out into the woods and in the field beside my house. Started seeing the same three orbs coming from the south east, also saw bright glowing orange orbs coming up thru the woods. Strange lights would appear in the field. Usually three bright orbs in a triangle shape. I finally noticed when I was out one night, that the three glowing orbs are actually coming from three other glowing orbs way up in the sky. They look like stars, but they were moving, and also in the shape of a triangle. And you can tell that the three orbs way up in the sky were all part of the same thing, because they all moved together. you could see beams of light coming off of them, like the orbs up in the sky were shining beams down closer to the ground, creating the orbs that I see in the woods and field. And it seemed like the more I went out there looking for these things and trying to figure it out, The more activity happened, and got much more intense. The last night I went out looking for these things, they started coming out from every direction I looked at. Like whatever was up in the sky could project the orbs anywhere it wanted.
