{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1974-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1r7nuru","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181060,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Many types of animals reacted to a round object that landedForm
97-AR
Date: Sat, 01 Oct 2005

From:
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist
Subject: Ramona,
California, October 15, 1974

Cat:
4
To: NICAP

Animal Reaction Feature:

Witnesses noted numerous animal reactions when a circular object flew
overhead. The object1s altitude was not estimated, but the object appeared to
have landed on a hillside before rising and flying overhead.

1
Horses excitedly whinnied and bucked, one kicked a rail off a fence.

1
One chained dog ran excitedly in and out of its doghouse, sometimes
smashing into the back of the doghouse with great force.

1
Another dog grasped the sleeve of a girl and tried to pull her into the
house.

1
Goats were reported to be 1jumping around.1

1
Chickens were cackling in the dark and scrambling about.

1
A cat ran into the side of a garage, stunning itself.

The sighting:

In the evening, after dark, five young people saw a round object
maneuvering over Santa Maria Valley.1
[Checking a topographic map, Ramona, where the witnesses were located,
is in the Santa Maria Valley.11 The
valley is described by the local Iron Mountain Conservancy as gentle lush
grasslands surrounded by low-laying hills1jw]

After maneuvering over the valley, the object landed on a hillside,
gradually turned ruby red, then intensely white.1 A compass needle alternated erratically from north to northeast
in one-second intervals while the object was on the hillside. Then the object
hovered above the ground, and streaked toward the witnesses.1 As the object flew overhead, the animals
reacted as described above, the TV had blue spots and vertical bands, the radio
would not work, and the compass needle lodged itself against the glass cover.

A further description of the object was that it was ruby red with a
blue halo around it as it flew overhead. The sound of the object was described
as 1a mix between a hum an a fog-horn.111
[The distance of the landing site from the witnesses is not estimated.
Exactly when the sound was heard is unclear1throughout the sighting or only
when the object flew overhead?1jw]

After the object flew over, aircraft the witnesses thought to be Navy
jets followed.

Both EM effects and sound were reported.1 No physiological effects or traces were reported.

Source:

Gribble, Bob, 1989, Looking Back, MUFON UFO Journal, no.
258, October 1989, page 24 [Copied below]:

FIFTEEN YEARS AGO 1
October 1974:1 Jeannie, Beth, Linda
and Tony Overfelt, and Pat Nelson, all of Ramona, California, had a frightening
experience on the evening of the 15th as they watched a mysterious
object maneuver over Santa Maria Valley.1
The object landed on a hillside, gradually turned ruby red, then
intensely white, hovered a short time over the ground then streaked toward
Country Estates.1 The object was
perfectly round.1 According to the five
young people, when the object flew overhead the horses began excitedly
whinnying and bucking; one kicked off a fence rail.1 A dog grasped one of the girls by the sleeve and tried to pull
her into the house.1 The other dog,
which was chained, ran in and out of the doghouse, often smashing into the back
of the doghouse with great force.

1111 The goats were
1jumping around,1 and the chickens were scrambling and cackling in the
dark.1 The cat ran with great force into
the side of the garage, stunning itself.1
No radio or TV station would work, the TV had blue spots and vertical
bands.1 Tony1s compass alternated
erratically from north to northeast in one-second periods when the object was
on the hillside, but when it flew overhead the compass needle lodged itself
against the glass cover.1 After the
object flew over, some airplanes followed, which the young people believed to
be Navy jets.1 The object appeared to be
ruby red with a blue halo around it, when moving rapidly at high
elevation.1 Its sound was described as
1a mix between a hum and a fog-horn.1
