{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96865","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5464040.json","updb_database_id":5464040}
car shadowed by a cigar tube a km away

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
2. What made you first notice the object?
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
6. How did you lose sight of the object?

My Dad took me to see the dinosaur museum and badlands around Drumheller when I was a teen. We packed bags and flew into Calgary, rented a car and drove down to Drumheller. We stayed overnight at a campground nearby for one night and drove out east the next day. i forget where we were heading from Drumheller, but on the highway I was arranging spare clothes over the windows to get shade in the car while we drove and noticed a cigar tube about a kilometer away about tree height, for maybe up to half a minute, then it raised up in the sky and disappeared. It was glinting the sun as if it was shiny, but almost shimmering, maybe from spinning? I actually took a picture of it with my disposable kodak camera and have always wanted to see that picture but ive never been able to find it. Ive dug into kodak picture albums and have never found that picture, either it was thrown out because it didnt show anything of substance or it was stolen before i got it. The fact of the matter is I took a picture of it as my first instinct and never got to receive that photo for whatever reason. Ive always been interested in military equipment like ships, planes, tanks, etc, and I guess this could have been a plane, but it was too small to be a plane, and it was too close to be a plane for i feel like i would have heard it with the window cracked with a t shirt being stuffed into the crack as a drape over the window. My Dad was driving and I didnt say hey look or anything, it happened too fast.
