{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-29 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5503040.json","updb_database_id":5503040}
{kt}Two black objects, one saucer shaped, one cigar shaped, hovering over Bruce B Downs area.

While siting in my home around 3:45am on April 29, 2014, I began to hear a chopping type noise like helicopters, but much more quiet than any helicopter I've ever heard, outside. Naturally I went outside to see what was going on. This is when I saw the first craft, which was a saucer like object, heading towards the west. It was completely black and I wouldn't have been able to see it if it did not have it's Red and White lights on the sides of it. It moved with ease, and performed what appeared to be somewhat of an air show. Performing banking circular turns and moving up and down in altitude while hovering. After viewing this for a few minutes, I heard another chopping sound similar to a helicopter but again the noise was muffled and dampened. I will note that this object had a higher pitch to it's sound which I used to differentiate between the two objects. I then saw what appeared to be a cigar shaped craft, which looked very similar to a drone but with no wings visibly on it. I want to be very clear, even though I heard the sounds of helicopter blades, I saw no blades on either object. So I'm standing looking at the cigar shaped object, moving again towards the west, it then reversed it's direction and started to move towards me. It lined up with my vision and appeared to be only two red lights floating in the sky, I then got the sensation that it was staring right at me. It kept coming towards me, while still being above the tree line. As it got closer, I began to back up, thinking it was heading for me, it then stopped and hovered for a few seconds, still pointing at me, only to perform a U-turn and head back west over the tree line. At this point, I ran inside to grab my camera which I had left inside unfortunately. Coming back outside I could still hear both objects, and could still see the saucer like craft hovering above the tree line. This is when things got confusing to me. I saw the Saucer craft hovering in the distance but didn't have a view on the cigar shaped object, yet it sounded as if the cigar craft was moving back to the South East, the direction it came from. I heard it overhead but saw absolutely nothing, no lights, no silhouette, just the sky above me. I know the technology exists to project sound waves in certain directions. And I can't help but think that whatever this craft was, it knew I got a good look at it, and it didn't want to be seen again, so it could've possibly either turned invisible, or used sound technologies to fool me while it went a different direction, but I never saw it again, which confuses me still since I could still hear it, and was obviously keeping an eye out for it and would have seen it rise into the air. I was able to get a few blurry photos of the saucer like craft before it headed off back to the South East. I know the photos don't show much if anything at all, but at least it's proof that something unusual was flying in the sky that night. In my opinion, for what it's worth, I think this was a military test of some type of classified technology, and not a UFO in the traditional sense of carrying extra terrestrials. Whatever was in the sky that night, I've certainly never seen anything like it, and have yet to come across anything similar in my little research into it.
