{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-16 14:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5496040.json","updb_database_id":5496040}
Looked out of skylight and saw circular black object. Unlike anything I have ever seen.

I was working on my computer in my bedroom in our loft conversion. I looked up and a movement caught my eye out of the velux window to my left, which is angled at about 55 degrees skywards. There were some rain drops on the window but it was not raining at the time, although the stratus clouds were very low and grey. The movement was a small black round object moving fairly fast and very directly over my house in a northerly direction. I blinked and changed position but the object was still there so I can't have imagined it. There was no noise whatsoever, I could even hear bird calls and the hum of my computer fan. At first I thought it must be a bird but its flight path was too fast, straight and unwavering, not to mention it was the wrong shape. Then I thought it must be a balloon, but again, the flight path didn't seem to add up. Also, there was no wind at all, so an unpowered object could not move in such a fashion. The object was flying at a steady height - much higher than the trees (which are at least 80 feet tall) and the birds but below the low cloud - it did not pop in and out of cloud cover. I observed the object traveling away until it disappeared behind some more trees - however I could still see it between the branches for a while (no leaves on the trees at this time of year). The object seemed round but I couldn't quite make out the exact shape, the rain on the window got in the way a bit but even when the object was in full view the edges were not clearly defined. It was completely black with no distinguishing features and no protruding parts, lights or edges. It may have been flat but I could only see one side of it. There were no wings, but the front seemed like it could have had a point - again the edge almost seemed to fluctuate. I can now see why this kind of thing is described as a flying saucer - it looked exactly like that. I felt very calm during the whole sighting and almost transfixed by the object.
