{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-27 12:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34055","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5522040.json","updb_database_id":5522040}
More Than one sighting over my life time...I just list them all...

UFO PROB/FBI/CIA?
                     27 AUG 08
 I was leaving work around 12:25 pm, 27 Aug 08, Ellington Fld, Houston, TX-- I was going home to evacuating from hurricane Gustav.
 I notice this object, as I was at the top of I-45 over pass going south towards Pearland, TX. I slowed down to get a closer looked at this object- it was suspended 121 to 141 above Dixie Farm Rd next to the Race Track gas station. I looked for cables or something that it could be hanging from, but nothing, it was stationary in sky on its own. I drove under it and kept going. I looked in my rear view mirror half the distance to Beamer and it was still there, I know, I was not the only one that saw this object. The sky was clear 11Blue Bird Day1, something came over me- (Traumatized), I carry a camera with me all the time, which I use with my job. It1s funny; I never thought about stopping and calling 911 or take a photo of the object. 
  The objected it looked like a surveillance probe; cJylinder with Pdark windows around the top, the object was 4 to 5 feet in length, approx 10 inches to 12inches in diameter.  The object was stationary in a vertical stance and never moved-NO NOISE- I heard about UFO Probes before, but never seen one like this.. when I got home I told my wife about what I had saw.  The sky was so clear it would have made a great clear photo1 I called my brother-n-law and told him what I had seen.  He said, he saw something like this on Discovery Channel... that the FBI and CIA...might have.
 This photo is the area where the probe was seen and the photo of the probe is one that I made on Photo-shop model to show what I saw. This is not the original photo of the probe1but is of the location and what the probe looked liked.   I1Iepm an certified aircraft inspector and been around aircraft for forty-two years,  I have seen two UFO disc -- One over Arizona in 1974 when the Vietnam War was ending... The disc was flying below the airline in a zigzagged motion near the desert floor....I did go for my camera in the upper bin and when I returned it was gone...
The third UFO was sighted over Trinity Bay in 2009 around 09:00 in the Spring, I was in the process of moving to another fishing locations when I looked up to the horizon to get my bearing for the next fishing spot.  When, I looked up just about the horizon was a glowing red orange dish moving slow away from me. The craft was about, maybe two miles moving east. Here is a website of the disc I saw.  As I was watching the craft it just vanished. No clouds in the sky over the area of the craft...   
October 10, 2011 
Leave for work at 5:30 am and will traveling west on Hwy-35, I saw a shooting star streak across my windshield over horizon..coming in a northeast direction. While watching it, the object came to an abrupt stop in middle of the sky for a few seconds and started travel to the north at a slower speed. I watched it fade out in the north skies. I have been working on aircraft an around them for forty some years and never seen an aircraft streaking across the sky and come to a full stop in less than a second. 
(name moved to FI box) cms 12/17/11 23:05 cst flg
