{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-08 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5525040.json","updb_database_id":5525040}
Downtown Kansas City UFO straight line path, low

I was sitting on my back porch alone, facing East. My husband was nearby and saw the object when it was well past our neighborhood but he could still see it and agree that it was not moving like a plane would. From afar, the lights appeared more erratic. 

I have been watching the skies closely for about 10 days since having seen the glowing orbs from afar. Every night I have been outside around 10-11pm and have mostly seen star like objects that move, pulsate in color lights (mostly red to blue to white). They have always been very far away and I have not seen anything so close during my recent sky watches as I have tonight. 

The object came from the NNW and traveled SE. It came into my view after it cleared the neighbors tree. It was at the level of a low plane. The light was very bright and at first I took it as an airplane but it was not so. It appeared to have windows (?) where I saw only white light. I did not see any wings attached. I detected no sound as I watched it pass over the downtown Crossroads Arts District and toward Liberty Memorial. I was excited to see what I believe is a true UFO, at a safe distance. I have been wondering if maybe if they know I am watching them and for a moment I looked down and refused to look at it. I guess I am frightened by them but also fascinated and so I cant help myself with looking. 

There were 3 tail lights (?)in the rear and the light flashes alternated at a steady pace. There was a low cloud, patchy cloud that it flew into and that was the last time I saw it. My husband watched saw it for about 30 seconds, analyzing its pattern. Anyhow, after we thought it was gone and all was done...we saw a red light flash that reflected into the clouds that the object entered. We both saw 3 streaks of red light on the clouds. Weird. My husband said that the object was most definatley gone after that.
