{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-05 04:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5453040.json","updb_database_id":5453040}
Object was on a curved path, then made an S shape manoeuvre and headed east, stopped an hovered in path, then when going east disappear by ascending

I had been up latee watching TV, went outside to smoke before bed. I like looking at sky for stars, planets and occasional satellites. The sky was clear and I seen a light moving up from south. It was as bright as what Venus would be, but was moving. It moved in a curved fashion as if a plane heading into Glasgow airport to the west. But as it got closer I could see it had no flashing lights, and any planes that come this way are usually quite low on their approach and this was far far too high so I rules out a plane, I then thought it could be a satellite. At this point I started to record it on my phone just for a bit. However, after I stopped recording, the object changed direction in what I can only describe as an S shape manoeuvre and started heading east. It's speed appeared to increase during this time, at which I realised it was not a satellite, and I haven't seen any planes do anything like that, at least not commercial flights. There was no trail and no sound overhead, so a helicopter I think would be out of question also. Whilst heading east, the object appeared to slow right down and stop momentarily, hovering in its spot. I excitedly got my phone out, now fairly confident this wasn't normal and appeared to be something far more advanced than I was aware of. When it began moving again, it headed east, but rather than disappear over horizon like a satellite would, this object intact started to ascend and eventually appeared to get smaller and eventually disappear the higher it got. The angle of the ascent was probably about 70° degrees
