{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-16 20:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470040","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90462","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/040/mufon-5470040.json","updb_database_id":5470040}
Here are two photos, recently captured on January 16th in the interior of the city of Los Lagos, south of Chile. Since I used a XVision table that has only a front camera, I did not see what I was photographing.

Here are some of our photos, recently captured on January 16th in the interior of the city of Los Lagos, inside the capital of the Region of Los R1os, city of Valdivia (southern Chile).

It happened that taking a batch of photos to upload to the network of rural sector Folilco-Las Huellas, I took a photo twice by mistake, but without seeing the alleged object that can be seen on the right side.
This happened at 20:57:19 seconds so I made a second take 4 seconds later.

My idea was to photograph a cloud at the bottom of the valley that crosses the Las Huellas sector, located 24 km from Los Lagos to Ri1ihue, entering by sector Folilco.
Location south of Folilco km 4,720 m east facing towards the foothills, with the little sun that was behind me. Since I used a XVision table that has only a front camera, I did not see what I was photographing and because of my mistake I did not check the photos then until I was in a little plot that we have around there with my brothers. This was at 2 am and I was so surprised!

Of course, the first thing I did was to review the two photos, because I thought it could be a bird taken at a distance. But no, the two photos confirm the taking of an alleged object and now without further ado, I will show you the photos and the filters that I made with the tablet.

Regrettably I will be around for a long time the fact that if I had noticed then what was there, I would have stopped to take some videos with both the tablet and my cell phone ... I now understand many who have taken digital photos and UFOs that are usually make this reflection ... Because it is something that will weigh me for a long time ...
