{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2787,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5471803.json","updb_database_id":5471803}
{dr}bright colored objects shot into sky danced at high speeds changed direction abrupt stops merged and blined out of sight in blink of an eye

It was a week night around 9pm in either spring or fall of 1978. I am sure of that because it was not hot or cold outside. My co- worker and I were wiring a new 84 Lumber in Ventura or Santa Barbra, CA. After we were finished work that day, usually about 5 or 6 pm, we decided to drive down to the beach. We were sitting there in a parking space, in the work truck, overlooking the ocean. It was after sundown and the sky was a crisp and clear twilight blue. There may have been a few stars beginning to show or a moon starting to come up. It was just one of those picturesque night time skies.

There were buildings behind us to the left and an ocean point in front to the right. All of a sudden a light, kind of like a flare lit up on that point. It looked like a roman candle the way it spits out sparks between fire balls. I remember thinking its not the 4th of July what1s going on. That went on for what seemed like a long time for a roman candle not to spit out a ball of fire. Then finally it spit one out, then another and another and another. Theses balls seemed to go really far into different parts of the sky and they were different colors, red, blue, green and white/silver. They sat there in the sky for a while until the sparks from where they came stopped. Then one at a time they started to move to new positions super-fast and then stop abruptly. They continued to do this sort of dance changing direction every time they would move and they would take turns moving.

We were speechless as we watched this dance go on for probably for a minute or two. Then each one, one at a time flew directly into the white/silver one and the white/silver one flew in a circular pattern very fast and took off straight up and out of sight in the blink of an eye.

I still get goose bumps when I think about what we saw. I have no doubt that there are UFO1s out there but I try to keep it to myself. This was also way before the movie, Close Encounters, but that is almost exactly what these balls of light looked like only a bit further away.
