{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5501803.json","updb_database_id":5501803}
{dr}Saw craft descending from south with three swirling purple lights rotating clockwise in a triangle shape

Well this event happened last year but I found out recently about the MUFON website to report sightings. I felt it is important to report this sighting eventhough it happened a year ago. I was working in a restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. Around 8 pm I was working in the indoor portion of the restaurant but i stepped to the outside portion of restaurant to get a drink of water. The patio or outdoor area was full of people. When i looked around to notice the people outside i saw to the south three pulsating purple/violet swirling lights decending from the sky. It descended rather rapidly because within seconds it came from a few thousand feet to hovering about a hundred feet to the parallel building to the restaurant At first i was confused about what i was seeing but once i focused myself onto the object it was just about hovering to the building parallel next to the restaurant. I was suprised nobody else was watching what i was witnessing. The object had the three pulsating violet/purple lights and was simply hovering over the building which is about 3 stories high. I would say the object was about70 - 100 feet above the building. I didnt notice the outside shape of the object because it seemed as if it was invisible. My opinion was the object was either triangle shape because of the three pulsating lights rotating clockwise. There was about 50-70 feet in between each light. The object was moving north and i decided to watch the object from the opposite side of restaurant. To do this i would have to go back into the restaurant and out into the street. Unfortunately that night i had only one table and of course they were very needy. Because of them i was not able to come around the building where the restaurant is and witness the object hovering to the north. About twenty minutes later i did exit the restaurant from the front of building but by then the object was gone. Hard to tell if it was alien or military, but the way it descended and then hovered within a matter of seconds, i believe it was definately not domestic.I have seen a few strange objects in my lifetime, this was the most recent. Just wanted to share. Thanks for your time and keep up the great work!! We are obviously not alone!
