{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-05 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7629,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5520803.json","updb_database_id":5520803}
The bright red light illuminated entire back yards of neighborhood as it took a strate path across the back yards above treetops. At end of homes by the highway the red light turned white then another witness said it changed directions and continued north

My daughter and I returned home from seeing a movie together on Sunday night at about 7:00 pm on Feb 5 2012. We live in a rural location and our house is 1/4 mile down a gravel road after turning off of a highway. We live just south of a small lake which has a row of homes about a 1/4 mile long stretching east to west. I pulled into the driveway right along the garage. It was dark and the yard light wasnt on. My daughter got out first as I rummaged thru the car to find whatever I needed to bring into the house with me. Seconds later I heard my daughter yelling at me, "MOM, MOM, MOM get out here!!!" At first I thought she was just cold and crabby that the door was locked and she wanted me to hurry up but she had raced back to the car and opened the door and yelled at me to get me out there. Its cold winter weather in February. I jumped out of the car and just east, to the right of us above the tree tops about 25 feet away and straight up, was a bright pure red light that produced a red glow down into the entire back yards of our neighbors. It was slightly foggy too which intensified the glow of the red. I hadnt seen this red glow driving down the road or sitting in my car because the garage blocked my view. My daughters responce was, "MOM...What IS that?!?!" We stared at it sorta mesmorized because I have never seen anything like it before. My first reaction was that it looked like it was something with a bright light underneath hovering just above the tree tops and appeared to be moving away from us approximately 10 mph or so, just floating along. We both just stared at it and I was sorta freaked. I said I have no idea what it is. The brilliant glowing red light then turned to a white light. The white wasnt as intense. It was slightly foggy out so it really looked eerie. I heard voices chattering in a distance so my logical mind said to my daughter, "Oh, its gotta be a firework spark just floating down or something." I really did have the spooks and we both dashed into the house. I immediately asked my mom, whom I live with, "Did you hear any fireworks going off?" Her responce was, "No. I didn't hear any noises. Nothing. Its been quiet." I then thought to myself, OH my God I think that was a UFO. I felt a shudder go through me. That was the last we talked about it until three days later.

It was Wednesday and I did my usual morning walk with my friend and our dogs. He said his brother had called him last night and told him that he and his friend saw a UFO. My friend works in the county jail as a Sgt. and his brother wanted to know if anything was reported last Sunday night. I asked him the details. He said his brother got a flat tire on his way home from ice fishing Sunday night. He had pulled off the highway and saw this fire red light illuminating the trees all the way to the ground. It was hovering along the treetops. I freaked out. I interrupted his story and told him what my daughter and I had seen. It was the same night. I kept saying to him, Oh my God I saw a ufo. We talked about the subject of ufos during the whole walk. He said hed give his brother my phone number so we could talk that night. 

His brother did call me and I found out that he and his friend had gotten their flat tire right on the highway near my road. They had pulled off onto my road to change their flat tire. I did recalled seeing a car parked as I turned onto my road that Sunday night on our way home from the movie theater. My daughter and I had seen this red light moving away from our end of the neighborhood while they had seen it coming towards them at the opposite end of the row of houses near the highway. Anyway, he had called me that night so we could talk directly about the details of what we each had seen that night. From their standpoint he could see the trees and the ground all lit up from the bright red light. He said it looked as if this ufo was scanning the ground as it moved east along the back yards. He said it was so bright red that if someone was standing under the glowing red light that they easily could have been seen. Just as it got to the end of the homes by the highway the bright red light turned white. Thats what my daughter and I had seen too. Thats when we ditched into the house. He then said it turned directions and moved north along the highway up around the east side of the lake. They watched it until they no longer could see it which was approximately a mile or two up the highway. 

We both had concluded that this must have been a craft of some type emitting this red light. You could actually see the light which was a round red light that produced the glowing red which illuminated the entire back yards as it slowly moved horizontally across the tops of the trees. Then...it turned white. Thats when we had gone into the house and from their end they had seen it turn north and continue on. It never altered its elevation from their standpoint. From ours, because I wasnt quite sure what it was, I had thought it might have been a spark slowly floating down when in actuality after hearing how they saw it floating across towards them, it was actually slowly moving away from us. I can say it was fascinating experience to say the least. It was incredible to hear from someone who had seen it from the other end of the neigborhood. I have not asked any other neighbors if they witnessed the red illumination. But I may because I heard voices that night. I don't think I could have heard the other witnesses talking because they were a quarter mile up the road. It was quite the coincedence that my friends brother was there that night. Otherwise I think this sighting would have been forgotten and not documented. 

I feel exhilarated from the experience. I really feel that it was a craft of some type even though the red illuminated light and slight fog and the dark night prevented us from seeing what the red light was fixed upon. It had to be fixed upon something. I really cant stop thinking about it and Ive been on the internet trying to see if any such red lighted craft has been witnessed before. We also felt like they must have been scanning the ground and looking for something or someone. 

I told my daughter about the other witnesses and that they believe whole heartedly it was a ufo. All she said to me was "I TOLD YOU!! You should listen to me more mom!!" I guess at first sight I was so freaked I had to logically make it out to be a spark from a firework but we heard no booming or popping. I asked my daughter, who is age 15, how she felt when she first saw the glowing red light. She said she was really scared and thats why she was frantically calling for me to get out of the car. She thinks its was a ufo. I do and also the other two witnesses.
