{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-13 20:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4381,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5285803.json","updb_database_id":5285803}
Was driving southbound in US 101 when I encountered the object

When this incident occurred it happen back in September 13 of 2019. I was on my way home coming from where I lived in Arcata (humboldt county) CA. I was driving home because during this period of time the State of California was mandating PG&E to do power shutoffs across the state to help prevent wildfires and the area I lived in was impacted by it so I decided it was best for me to just drive back home to my family. I was just outside of about to enter the Garberville town driving southbound in US101 towards Ukiah when I encountered the object in the sky. What made me notice the object in the sky was that by the time it was (which was little past 8PM) the brightest object in the sky was the moon. Also that day too it was a full moon (which I will upload as well the photo was snapped at 7:57PM incident occurred at 8:14PM) so it was definitely the brightest object out in the sky that night. But when I was first driving straight towards it I thought it was a plane/helicopter until I started getting closer. The light it was emitting was close if not as bright as the moon in the sky also it was too low of an altitude for a plane or helicopter to fly. So immediately with time and distance still to spare I took 3 photos and 1 video of the object and you can see just how close I really was too it because you can see the shadow of the trees due to the light the object is casting and it isn’t that much higher up from the trees. The object itself though I can say its shape seem to change as it moved through the sky because of the way the light emitting out of it. In one of the photos you can see how it is vertically upwards then in the next one it is on its side shining brighter with an almost triangular shape with an orb in the middle. The motions it had were pretty subtle, they were not erratic nor fast. It was just floating around and moving slowly. It was without any kind of noise. You can actually hear the crickets in the video I put that’s how quite it was so I know it for sure wasn’t a helicopter. My feelings about the object was that I was surprised, not scared but surprised and was not expecting to ever see that at all. My reaction was that I just stood still for quite a moment but I snapped out of it and focused myself to pull my phone out and try to take the best photos/video possible all while driving on the highway. By the time I ended up losing sight of the object (I was already in the entrance to Garberville at this point) it was because it was traveling northbound from where I was heading too. After the sighting I didn’t really think too much of it because I was trying to get home and in the drive itself there wasn’t much light in the freeway since parts of it had no light due to the shutoff. Last detail that I have to say is that in the photo with the moon you can see in the sky that there is not a single object in the sky not even a star for miles and miles on end and by the time I saw the object only 17mins had pasted so if there was anything coming my way I would have spotted it from the time I took a photo of the moon.
