{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5457803.json","updb_database_id":5457803}
{tjd} Object scanning ground with lasers and flew off at high rate of speed.

I was just watching UFO's: Top Secret Alien Files. They were talking about officers not reporting UFOs for fear of ridicule. This happened to me in the late 80s. I recently retired from the Houston Police Dept after 32 years of service. Back in that era, you never told anyone about these types of experiences for fear of ridicule from coworkers. In fact, I may have only related this story to less than 5 people. But times have changed and well I am retired now so I have no worries. Back when I was a rookie cop, I was working night shift in what was then 3B20’s beat. I was driving south when I saw laser lights at Memorial Park, which is located just south of Interstate 10 inside Loop 610. I thought I would go over and watch what ever was going on in the park. As I am headed to the park, I contacted dispatch and asked if they knew what was going on in the park. The response back was there was nothing going on in the park. Well I was looking at the lights and I saw what I believed at the time to be a news helicopter hovering over the park filming the event. As I got closer, I realized the lasers were not coming from the ground, they were coming from the hovering ship. I sped up to get a closer look, I stopped my police car and got out to look at what was unfolding in front of me. As I stepped out of my patrol car, I could tell there was no sound being made from the object hovering over the park. I could only see on red blinking light at the bottom of the ship and the lasers that looked to be scanning the ground. There were no people on the ground near this activity. I was in awe and just kept watching. Then the ship turned off the lasers, rotated 90 degrees, its belly was now facing west (similar to the recent “gimble” video). I was then 100% sure that we have no aircraft that could hover with no sound and rotate like this and still fly. Then it accelerated at a high rate of speed to the west probably around 500 feet in elevation. Then the most shocking part, it split in two and went opposite directions, one flew north, one flew south. About 5 minutes later I got a message from dispatch asking me if I had called in the sighting from a payphone in the area. I advised dispatch I had not, but that the object was long gone. So, I was not the only one to have witnessed this incident. From that moment on I look to the skies hoping to see another one, even to this day. I don’t know what the object was, but I do know that at the time there was nothing that could fly and maneuver like this craft did. This is just one story, there are countless others. Like Area 51, there is more going on than the government will talk about. Hopefully we are getting closer to a time where we can say out loud, we are not alone. Billions of stars out there and to think we are the only intelligent life out there is just absurd.
