{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5519803.json","updb_database_id":5519803}
Low clouds, bright light low to ground. Flashing light above tree line. Then very loud Military jet like sound above house.

I had just gone to bed between Midnight and 1:00 A. M. There was a light rain earlier about 10:00P.M. This was my third night in house and same room without curtains. This night however was different, as the previous two nights had been dark enough you could not make out objects other than occasional stars. This night 3/22/2012 when I turned out the lights and adjusted to dark it appeared as if flood lights were coming from below, the trees were so lit up you could see full detail of each one. You could also see clouds some very white others darker varying colors of grey. The room I was in I believe faced mostly East [item moved/CMS/nd]. I then noticed a flashing which at first seemed like a lightening flash but not exactly. The longer I watched it appeared to be a constant faint flash every few seconds. I ran into my sister in - laws room and asked her if she ever experienced lightening without thunder, she said only in Summer. This was on 3/22/2012 far from summer. She said she did not see it on the other side of the house, so if I wanted to sleep in her room I could. I felt stupid for being scared so I told her no, I think I will be okay. I have never seen anything like this before, it was nowhere near the full moon and so I could not explain the bright light so far from town. I asked her if there was an airport nearby that might have a rotating light. She said yes to airport, no to any lights. She also witnessed what I am describing. When she went back to her room I tried to convince myself that it must be lightening. I must admit though I have never seen lightening that held a steady pattern of frequency like this. As I lay there suddenly I heard what sounded like very loud humming, almost like a military jet. Yet, it was not moving it seemed to be directly overhead. At that point I jumped out of bed and ran across the house to her room (Large house)and told her what was happening and that I was going to sleep in her room. I had such horrible dreams when I finally did get to sleep that I woke up in a sweat, my palms were filled with water. It took me forever to get back to sleep because when I got up and went into her bathroom I saw something I don't know what..I really did not want to know what outside on the deck. She has two cats and the big male went into the bathroom and just stared out as if he saw something too. He the went into the living room and looked outside again from that direction, still looking at the same area of the deck. I have never been so afraid in my life, and I have had headaches everyday since. Normally all I have to do is take a couple of Ibuprofen, but this is not working. My fore head and sides of my head just throb. I have no idea what it was, but I know it was not lightening. I never saw any type of object in the sky just the light followed by the noise.
