{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-02 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110513","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2313,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5292803.json","updb_database_id":5292803}
Green Fireball around NAS Corpus Christi

Somewhere around July, 1981, I was traveling on my motorcycle on Interstate 37 to Corpus Christi. It was around 3 am. The sky was dark, no moonlight to speak of that I remember. The sky in the east began to glow green, and you could hear what sounded like a jet engine with afterburners approaching from the east. I pulled over to see if I could locate the source. Once stopped, I could see in the east an approaching green ball. The sky around me was getting lighter and lighter, with a green tint. The roar got louder as it got closer. 

I watched the green ball travel across the sky from east to west. The sound grew in intensity, the faded as the object went in front of me and traveled on to the west. It went out of sight over the horizon. The sky, which had been bright green, faded to black as the object left the area. The light had been bright enough to see objects on the ground as if it were daylight tinted green.

The object seemed to be a round ball, with an aura around it. It trailed a tail, that was cone shaped. As it passed, my motorcycle shut down. After it was gone, I was able to get my motorcycle started again. There were other vehicles in the area, and they seemed to have the same effect.

The next day, I called the local SO and PD to report my sighting. I also checked with the newspapers, tv and radio stations, but no one else had reported anything.

I am making this report now due to the fact that I found out about green balls of light over other military installations that have happened in the past. I thought that MUFON would like to know about this one, and I would like to know if there were other reports made about the same time.
