{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-14 18:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480803","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/803/mufon-5480803.json","updb_database_id":5480803}
{rjl} Before dinner walk/jog. I take photo of the sunset if it's nice. I got a surprise.

Well, I posted something a few days ago and I now regret not posting that at the time that it actually occured, as now I get to post yet another and it seems a bit odd that I keep getting these things in my photos.

I did NOT see this with my naked eye. I was jogging and them stopping to catch the great sunset. Later I see this thing, in the photos. Upon further inspection, there appears later in the series a different object,far off and travelling fast.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Jogging before dinner.
2. What made you first notice the object? looking at the photos after dinner and a shower.
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? It's weird, I have no idea. I do know that it was not dark enough to get refrctions from head lights.
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail. Please look at the series. I have provided the original shots along with crops.
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. I one way, cranky. I wih I saw it with my eyes. Other than that, amazed. Why do I keep getting these in my photos?
6. How did you lose sight of the object? I finished my walk/jog.

I can only attach 10 of 51 in the series. Not every shot has something in it but it shows movement of the object. I need a investigater to send me an e-mail address so I can send the rest.

Aloha, thanks. 

'I, (see above), UNDERSTAND that by posting my pictures, audio, or video (media) files to this website, I am granting to MUFON (The Mutual UFO Network), its agents, employees, and assigns, the permission to the same or any part of said media for any purpose MUFON deems necessary and/or appropriate, including, but not limited to, the following: (1) television broadcast; (2) radio broadcast; (3) internet broadcast and/or distribution; (4) press releases; (5) website use or promotion; (6) photo of the week; (7) print media; and, (8) any other lawful use of said media which MUFON sees fit. I hereby waive and release any claims or actions against MUFON for use of said media and agree to hold MUFON harmless for any injury or harm resulting or arising from any use by MUFON of said media. I further certify that I am the author/owner of the submitted media and that I am 18 years of age or older.'
