{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474711","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/711/mufon-5474711.json","updb_database_id":5474711}
{dr}Continuous red and blue blinking aircrafts, every night for past week/ orange flickering orbs

I noticed a few twinkling stars in the sky about a week ago. I pointed them out to a friend and he mentioned how stars are not that low to the horizon. The longer we watched them, we noticed that they were blinking red and blue. We labeled it as a drone and the next day at the same time, we realized that these were everywhere. More than the day before and there was also one bright light hovering closer than the rest; it moved in a slow 360 degree circle and every time it turned our direction, it made our eyes sting with the brightness. We watched how the "stars" orange orbs surround it in different patterns and take off way up high or scatter around near the horizon line. They hovered high with a swaying motion. We watched them escalate in numbers and closeness surrounding our home and friends home. At least 3 of these objects have gotten about 30-60 feet close to us and they flash red, Blue, and white in sequence. The bright, large aircraft is usually in the Northeast and it stays bright until about 6:30 am; while the smaller less bright aircrafts go away as soon as the sun sets. Some look like tiny jets, and others look like an unusual drone of some sort. In all, I've watched orange orbs, drone like objects, a large bright light, and one or two jet like objects every night for the past week. I need answers and I can't find websites with any explanation... The first picture is the bright big light, three of the videos are the flashing hover crafts, and the sunrise video is also the large star that stayed bright and in the sky until 6:20. They're really loud when they are close and the orange orbs sometimes travel across the sky quickly without leaving a trail and they disappear when they get close to the horizon line.
