{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454711","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/711/mufon-5454711.json","updb_database_id":5454711}
{cak} Abducted with lost time and physical injury marks w/ photos.

I was driving home from a poker game with some friends about 12:40am. I was on I-5 traveling toward Medford from Grants Pass. I would estimate that approximately 15 minutes went by when I seemed to "zone out." I snapped out of it in what I thought was moments but almost an hour and a half had passed while I was still driving. I was immediately aware of a massive craft in front of my car and lifting off from my location and speeding off to the North or Northeast. It was dark but its shape was easily visible and it blocked out the night sky in that direction. It had three lights on the aft of the craft (2 white, 1 green) which were steady and did not blink or flash. The trip between the two cities is about 35 minutes on average and I had set my cruise control to 65 in order to avoid tickets that late at night. After I noticed the craft take off in front of me I looked at the time on my phone and it was 2:10am. It was shaped similar to a cigar but had some bulbous parts on the top of it which would be most similar to small domes. I was understandably confused but didn't feel poorly over the incident. When I arrived home I went to bed and immediately recalled seeing what would be most similar to lightning arcing up a contoured wall in a room which had divisions in the room going up the walls and meeting at the top of the room. The panels of lightning-like arcing was coming from the floor up the four divisions and meeting at the center of the room at the point in the ceiling where the four panels met. I don't remember sound with the lightning effects. Keep in mind it was not lightning but lightning-like ebbs and flows of light perhaps. I still feel that there is more and that I interacted with someone but I cannot recall the details. I had a similar encounter at the age of four in 1976 in California so it is not out of my realm of experience. When I woke up this morning I had a blister and welts on my abdomen under my belly button and along my right side extending to my right hip. I am a post-graduate educated individual and a licensed professional.
