{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-13 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489711","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/711/mufon-5489711.json","updb_database_id":5489711}
{jpg} Two helicopters following light

My Wife and I were out in front of our RV when some lights caught my attention out towards the east. I pointed them out to my wife and jokingly said look UFOs to which she replied, those are helicopters.
 They looked to me like two helicopters following an airplane but as I looked harder the two in the rear were following a light. That's what it looked like to me, like the interior light of an airplane shining thru the windshield of the forward plane (or whatever it was). I grew up close to a small airport so I've seen planes and helicopters at night and these didn't look quite right. The two units in the rear had the normal red green and white strobe on but they seem to blink from the same place and weren't uniform, the strobe would flash every second for a few seconds and then flash twice very quickly and maybe not flash for a couple seconds more, I can't be sure but I think the other two lights (red and green) flashed every once in a while also.
These three (units) were also flying very close to each other, I would guestimate around 100 to 125 feet from each other. I'm not a pilot but I would think the FAA has rules about flying so close.
 The forward Unit was just a light (what I saw looked like a light shining thru a windshield) the two behind had the same windshield light with blinking strobe lights, they made no sound and couldn't have been but a mile away flying about the speed of an airplane or helicopter ( I would guess 80-100 mph) and I'm guessing 1000-1500 feet up from the ground. Because of the darkness I couldn't make out any shapes so it could have been three small planes flying in formation but they were way to close to each other and the lead plane didn't have running lights.
 My wife went back into the RV and I sat down outside and kept looking around the skies and saw what I consider space junk (dull star like lights traveling in a south to north or west to east direction) and was ready to go in the RV and go to bed when from the NW came a light like a bright star which I thought was a commercial jetliner. I was waiting for the strobe to flash or to see the wing lights to confirm that it was a jet (there was a lot of airline traffic that night). I did see a flashing light but it was bluish green and it flashed out ahead of the craft in a cone shape and wasn't as bright as the airplanes I'd seen earlier that night. It turned in a large circle and headed to the NE. I told my wife that I had seen another UFO and she just said "Yeah right" and told me to come in it was getting late. I've never witnessed a UFO but I think I saw four of them that night.
