{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-10 10:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485711","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74015","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/711/mufon-5485711.json","updb_database_id":5485711}
{rjl} Lights flashing and residual with sounds.

I went outside onto the front porch at around 10:20 a.m. to smoke tobacco and I and another man, a housemate of mine here at the Retirement home named Joe Stahovic witnessed lights above the eastern horizon and sounds that were at the time of the lights. 

The lights were green, orange maybe, and blue I believe, and they took up I suppose around 40 degrees of the whole horizon circumference, I estimate 600 or 700 feet, and high into the air... about 30 feet above the horizon which is a small ridge in the eastern direction starting not far from where we live here where I am writing you from on Lincoln Street in Bolivar.

I reported here a few months ago about seeing a lot of UFO activity in this area and I still see them.

I saw Stan Gordon on the local news last night talking about people in Fayette county that have felt blasts and heard booms over their horizon, that's what got me thinking about what me and Joe had seen.

I had e-mailed Stan Gordon in the past about ORBs that I saw in December of 1999 at UPARC (University of Pittsburgh Applied Research Center).

I think the lights and sounds were either a crashed UFO, a starport being set up, or just some kind of a landing.

Later that day I was outside smoking once again and an old army truck drove past, the kind that carry troops but it didn't have the canopy in the back and only had a driver. The driver beeped at me but while he was passing the next house down, and turned off of Lincoln Street.

There are fly-overs any time I am at the State Hospital or in a placement like I am now in this Retirement Home. I cannot even begin to describe it all and I don't know why they fly over. 

About 2 months ago there were 2 very large cargo planes that flew maybe 20 feet over the house and then over the ridge, and that same day they flew over my mother's house also. She lives 20 minutes from here by car.
