{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-02-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492711","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/711/mufon-5492711.json","updb_database_id":5492711}
{rjl} huge silver translucent,transforming,suspended in air 12 of them completely silent changing their shapes into soft triangles rounded edges see thru them suspended fluent beautiful like liquid mercury suspended in mid air 2 other craft

My boyfriend at the time and I were taking a night drive up Mt. Baldy road, to get away for alil while,it was a clear beautiful night, we pulled off the side of the road next to a gulch,he had his arms around me whe he noticed them, he asked me to turn around and tell me what I see, what I saw were huge silver translucent,transforming,suspended in air 12 of them completely silent transforming into shapes of soft triangles and soft rounded edges,they were almost flowing so gracefuly that they almost seemed alive it was'nt something made of metal and bolts. It was surreal and beautiful at the same time. There were 2 crafts present one on either side of the gulch, it was as if the were security of sorts, watchdogs, guarding, I could see thru these objects as they seemed to dance gracefuly in mid air, transparent and looked like liquid mercury but translucent,and allumentaeing brightly,silently. we must of been there for a good long while awe struck and amazed,something stepped on a twig or something that actually snapped both of us out of that daze were both in,and that was enough for us! We both turned around to run back to the Van he was driving to get the hell away from there, Now it really gets strange, And I swear its all true! When we turned around, over our heads were SO MANY Crafts of ALL SIZES! From very very, small, to the very large, some with lots of colorful lights and those with none.Freaked out we jumped in the van and he drove like a bat out of hell,I thought we crash, but the crafts that were over us were chasing us, keeping pace and it was not cool at all! there was one that kept up with us right along side of the driverside window, it was a orange ball the size of a large basketball. As soon as we hit the city limits, they all in aflash zipped up and were gone! All except for that ornage one it decided to torment us just a lil bit longer, and Bam! it zipped up into the night sky and it was gone!
