{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-30 04:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499711","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/711/mufon-5499711.json","updb_database_id":5499711}
{jd} on a path toward me in a

I usually wake up once in the wee hours of the morning to pee then ritualistically go to the kitchen to get a swig of orange juice. I had just done that and was going to go back to bed but remembered that the gated parking garage, adjacent to the short 1high-rise1 condo complex that I live in, was not gated for the past two days. Since I have a vehicle in that lot, and the vehicle is exposed to the street, I decided to take a look out of my living room window, which overlooks the parking lot, to check on my truck. I had been a little worried about the truck overnight, because we have a ton of auto burglaries on our street, and in general, a lot of scuzzy people walking around up to no good late at night, early a.m. 
In order to get a good look at the parking lot, I had to lie down (on my belly), on my carpet. We have a large window but the shade is always drawn, so I decided to lie down and look out the window. Truck was fine and I didn1t see anyone around but I noticed some lights on in a dilapidated building kitty corner to ours. Since I wasn1t feeling sleepy, I went and got my binoculars and took a look. I was checking out the strangely nice furnishings inside of this dilapidated building when 1it1 happened.
I THINK I heard the low hum first. The rest, I am absolutely 100% sure about. I looked to my left, and a GIANT rectangular, flat, object was 1floating1 slowly in my direction from up high 1 gliding long side up, and then closer and closer. It sort of 1twisted1 slowly which was a movement that I found incredulous for any manmade air craft. It made no sense. It then hovered for a time (maybe 2 minutes?) and it was 1facing1 me at a diagonal/slanted angle.  There was a white light (not blinking) on each corner of the craft. In the first moments of seeing this thing, my brain was trying to categorize it as an airplane or some kind of military jet and I couldn1t understand why there were only white lights as I know that our aircraft use colored lights to indicate port side or starboard. Then the shape of the object became clear to me 1 it was SO CLOSE and SO LOW. And since it hovered for what seemed like a long time, I had a long time to look at it. But even so, I feel fuzzy about what it really looked like with specific details. I know that at the moment I realized it was absolutely a UFO, I was in absolute shock at what I was witnessing. I thought my binoculars were starting to fog and put them to the side and I think the craft was emitting some kind of glow or steam. I1m not sure about the foggy part. 1 Then, it put itself horizontal and glided up, and headed in a northern direction, staying quite low.
My husband was sleeping in the other room and I didn1t call out for him because I didn1t want to disturb what was happening by making a huge commotion, and even though I wished so badly I could go grab my camera I didn1t want to miss a moment of what I was seeing.
Weather: it was very dark out (for an urban city), and very quiet. Our street actually is not very well lit, which is unusual for the neighborhood. The sky was dark, but it was clear overhead and I could see off on the northern horizon that there was a heavy band of low fog. That was the direction the craft took off.
