Date:                        30-09-2024                        02-10-2024

Case No.:             2013

Report:                   Resolution:

Location:            Santiago       Region:    Metropolitana       Classification:     Explained

An abnormality in the air was reported, present in photographs taken at "08:44" hours on 19 September 2024, from the Universidad de Los Andes Clinic.
The reported sighting was described as five lights, of the star type, with a size of less than 5 cm, visible for 1 to 5 seconds, flying from west to north in a cloudy sky.

The witness testified that they took four photographs of what was a beautiful sight, and upon reviewing the photos, five points were noticed that appeared in the images.
Different parts in the different photos, which was interpreted as a movement towards the north. He added that in the third photo there is no visible point and in the fourth, they appear very lightly. Finally, he noted that the points were never visible to the naked eye, only captured by the camera of his iPhone 11 cell phone.

No audiovisual file was entered with the report, but later on...
Four photographs were received, used as study material. Inside green circles, Figure 1 shows what is present in the second of these images.

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 33° 24' 20" S, 70° 30' 13" W and 951 m.s.n.m. From that location, and orienting with the hills present in the central sector, it was determined that the view was towards the west (Figure 2).
The forensic examinations of the four images that supported the report confirmed that they were not digitally altered and were captured between 20:44 and 20:46 (HL) on September 26, 2024, using the wide-angle lens of an Apple smartphone. It was verified that each photograph is the result of the photo composition of images performed by the graphic processing of the equipment.
Figure 1. Image 2013-2.

Figure 2

The following three figures contain the first, third, and fourth of these photos,
with what was reported in six green circles. Their relative positions varied with
the direction to which the camera was pointing. Approximately in the center
of the scene was an object that appeared to be static, marked by a yellow square.

Figure 3. Image 2013-1.

Figure 4. Image 2013-3.
Figure 5. Image 2013-4.

Figure 6 illustrates the astronomical horizon, adjusted to the brightness of Santiago city and the moment the image 2013-1 was taken. This allowed us to confirm that the static bright element was the planet Venus. It was located at practically 16° above the horizon at an azimuth of 264°.

Figure 6

As shown in Figure 7, at 13.9° below the horizon and in an azimuth of 258.4°,
The sun was very close to the vertical of Venus, which contributed to the planet being particularly visible.

Figure 7

Figure 8

Figure 8 illustrates the result of the geometric analysis of the photographs. This identified the reported objects as parasitic reflections, or flares, caused by lights in front of which the shots were taken. That light touched different sectors of the surface of the cell phone lenses.
Generating these optical aberrations inside the camera. By changing the camera's position, the photographer also varied the magnitude and sector of the surface exposed to light, generating other patterns of distribution and visibility of reflections in the different photos.

The above was consistent with the change in position of these objects according to the variation of the angle at which they were photographed and with what was testified in
The sense that they were lights not directly perceived.

According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, photographic, and astronomical studies, it was concluded that what was reported were parasitic reflections caused by streetlights in front of which the photos were taken.

Conclusion:

This light touched different sectors of the surface of the lenses of the cell phone, generating these optical aberrations inside of the
The camera, so they were not directly perceived.
