{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-10 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503399","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/399/mufon-5503399.json","updb_database_id":5503399}
{cak} saw craft less than a100ft from ground for couple mins multiple witness's and it landed 100 yds from me and saw it standing upright.It was beyond any doubt what I saw.I could see the entire craft stra8 out of star wars.I could've hit it with a rock.

I was with a group of friends and I was only 20 years old at the time and I have been talking about this ever since. This changed my life and everything I believe is real. I was in a small suburban neighborhood just outside or Pittsburgh, PA. It was about 11:30pm at night and we were just hanging out having a couple of beers/ I had arrived late so I was honestly on my second beer which is nothing....when I was outside sitting in a car with my girlfriend and her best friend and college roomate as well as a good friend of mine. All of a sudden I looked up and said right away "thats a UFO" and they both looked out the car and saw it. My brother had just shown up a couple mins before that and he saw it too. That is significant bc he is a hard core skeptic. But to get into the meats n potatoes of it....this thing was huge! It was directly above my friends house n it was probably twice the size but the krazy thing is how thick it was. it was as thick as a two story house. and it just kept on moving so slow down the street.I called everyone over and we all watch this thing move slowly down the street. there was a row of pine trees and as this craft passed over the pine trees it lit them up with the white light on the front of the triangle from the tip of the tree to the bottom. There was a red light in the middle and one on each corner of the triangular craft. It was so close I could've picked up a rock and hit it. I cut down trees for a living and these trees are 70 feet tall at the most and it was brushing them as it past. The craft had grooves down the side of it and it had windows that were very dark but I could see something moving behind them. Like a car with tinted windows but not dark enough to block everything.My brother is the biggest skeptic of all and he will not deny what he saw. He still thinks its military but I am a nerd and I know they have nothing that moves like that. This is where it gets krazy....about 1 min after this thing moved down the street and hovered for about 60 secs it turned off the light. I don't want to say it took off or disappeared bc it didnt I knew it was still there but it was as if it turned off the lights so we couldnt see it anymore. Less than 30 secs later an all black car with tinted windows that looked like a crown vic came tearing down the road and turned hard on the dead end street the UFO went down. It flew down the street and was out of site for 2-3 mins. Then it came flying up the Street and paused briefly where we were standing and seemed to be looking at us and then took off. About 2 hours later me and my, at the time girlfriend later to be my wife, decided to go. Keep in mind I was designated to drive so I only had like 3-4 beers over a 4 hour period which is nothing for me. But anyway when we got in the car and started it up I looked in the review mirror and I could see down the road and I could see behind a house a giant triangle that looked like the spaceship I saw earlier standing on its flat triangle end and towering above this house. I said to my GF at the time...."can I go back and see what it is" but she was so scared that she begged me to just go and so I did. But about a 1/4 of the way home that same car we saw drive down the street, it looked like an undercover police car with all tinted windows rode up on the bumber of my car. Well assuming it was a police officer I drove the speed limit and did nothing wrong and at one point I came to a stop sign at a 3 way intersection and this car, that has been tailgaiting me so bad that if i didnt think it was a cop I would have pulled over and got out and punched the guy in the nose. but anyway he/she, cause I don't know....pulled up about three quarters up on my car with high beams on....it sat there for about 30-60 secs and so did I....then it peeled out backwards in reverse and did a three point turn and went laying tire in the other direction. After that I drove home, which was only another 2-3 miles down the road. But after this night I was on a high for atleast a couple days. I have no doubt what I saw and the events that took place that night. I am a naturally skeptical person but I have no explanation for what I....WE saw!! One final thing....I honestly could've hit this thing with a rock...it was prolly 60-70 feet off the ground and it was twice the size of a small house like a split level house bc that was the kinda house it was over and so it is all I could compare it too. But other than it being big it was thick like 2 to 2.5 stories thick. It was fully triangular and it had a red light on all three corners and one right in the middle but it also had a very bright spot light on the front part of the trianle. It was sooooo bright that it lit up some pine trees it passed over from the tip to the ground. Plus I could see the actuall craft which was dark black or grey and it had big grooves in it which ran the lenghth of the craft. there were small portal type windows in the front toward the tip of the triangle. However they were not portholes you wuld see on a boat they were squares and I could see shadows moving behind them. It was right infront of our face for atleast 3=4 mins and sooooo close and within plain view there was no doubt what we were seeing. My brother still refusues to talk about it and anytime it is brought up he just makes a generic comments and leaves it alone. I wish he would talk about it that is why I came to this website and I am posting this bc I need to put it out there to someone else in this world who doesnt thing I'm krazy. The only person who was there I could relate too and tt too was my GF at the time and now ex-wife. But I just had to express myself I couldn't take it anymore it was life changing. I never use to believe in god or jesus or UFO's or ghost or anything...but I saw something that shouldnt exist right infront of me so close I could have hit it with a rock or baseball or something...and no matter how rational I am there is nothing in the world that could explain what happened to me. Plus ever since then I have had strange dreams about strange creatures and I have had small things strange that happen to me. It is all about predicting things. I will have a song pop in my head I havent heard in years and then all of a sudden it is on the radio. I no this happens to people but it happens to me everyday. Plus weird things happen where my deja vu is so strong for five mins I can tell exactly what is gonna happen next. I swear I am not krazy I am a father of two + a step son and one on the way. Plus I am from Pittsburgh, PA where people don't talk about wierd stuff like that. I am very grounded and I have no idea what I experienced but it cant be expained. And I would give or do anything to know what it was that I saw. It bothers me a whole lot like a toothpick in my brain That I cant get rid of. Anyway it felt good to get this off my chest...thank even if only for that...great website....its nice to not be judged.
