{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-24 13:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287399","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/399/mufon-5287399.json","updb_database_id":5287399}
Flying Cigar shape object caught with 5K Red Camera during test filming

I went to South Redondo Beach to do some test filming with my Red Scarlet 5K camera for an upcoming project (I'm a cinematographer), footage was filmed in 4K Raw ProRes 422 HQ. This was the first shot of the day and it's pretty much overexposed because I just took the shot real quick; the shot is only about 11 seconds long.
While sitting down on the grass I placed my camera in front of me on the grass to stabilize it (didn't bring a tripod), zoomed in on my Sigma 18-35mm lens to 35mm, then pressed record. I wasn't looking closely at the monitor on the camera because it was pretty much a static frame.  I did not see the object until I got home and started to analyze the footage on my computer in Davinic Resolve film editing software. I saw this object move through the frame SUPER fast! It was almost undetectable by the naked eye. My first thought was...what was that? I was thinking more along the lines of it being a bug or something like that. Because it went so fast I decided to play the footage back frame by frame so I can just look at one frame at a time. The object appears to be off in the distance but it's not an airplane -no wings or tail.  Since I shot Raw I had to add color and brought the exposure down. The sky is somewhat bright with some haze so I tried over saturating the image to bring out the object in the sky. In addition I have a Denoise plugin from Neat video that eliminates the noise and grain, so I ran that on the footage and the shape of the object really stood out. 
I'm uploading the following to the Mufon site:

1) Original shot 4K ProRes .mov, frame rate 23.97frames per second with color grade. 
2) Original shot 4K ProRes HQ with color grade + de-noised, frame rate was 23.97 frames per second but I slowed the shot down 80% percent so you can see the object and it's flight path.
3) Still marked up with red dashes to show the flight path and an arrow pointing to the object, this screenshot was taken in the denoise plug in tool section.
4) Still that is in the noise check tool section of the denoise plugin, the temporal filter shows Blue and grey image. This is fine tuning the grain based on any movement within the frame. The interesting thing about this is shows the object as solid grey with two of the same shaped patterns before and after the object. Looks like a trail before and after.
5) Still from footage with color and denoise
6) Still with embossed filter in photoshop to bring out shape

Please note I did not upload the original Raw footage. The shots that have been uploaded have been color graded and denoised, and/or slowed down.

The other interesting thing is the field of view was smaller because I was on a 35mm lens vs being wide on 18mm ( or wider), if it is a cigar UFO what are the odds of it coming into that much of the 35mm field of view?  I'm really interested in getting feedback on what this object could be.
