{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-10 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509399","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/399/mufon-5509399.json","updb_database_id":5509399}
(GS) Walked out of front door to rocking chair on front porch and noticed abnormally illuminated objects. One object closer and lower than the other in the eastern sky. The farthest object was at about 45deg and the closest one at about 30 degrees.

I was at home. At 11:05pm I walked out my front door onto the front porch to smoke a cigarette and see if I would see what I have been seeing on and off for about 10 months;that being UFOs around my home normally in the late night early morning hours. The first time I saw one of these objects I thought it was a star but as I watched it a little longer I noticed it seemed to be moving towards me and the twinkling got very bright at times sort of like a camera flash but much bigger and brighter. The closer it got to me the more confident I was that it wasnt a plane or helicopter or any other aircraft I have ever seen. At the same time I could start distinguishing different colors the closer it got but at a distance it just seemed like white light. Its hard to describe how these lights looked at different distances. The object would at times "twinkle" like it was a star giving off just clear white light at varying intensties but I was getting the impression that when this happened it was actually trying to disguise itself because thats what it would do until the other UFO would show itself. Evidently the other UFO was already there not far from this one but not showing itself or it just got there and appeared. I think the other UFO was already there but was just hiding and waiting for the one I was observing to appear. The reason I say this is because I don't remember seeing any of the other colors on the first one until the second one appeared. Then they both were multi-colored and its like they were flashing different color patterns at each other. Like I said the first one was moving toward me to begin with so Im assuming the other one was just moving along with it. I estimate the first one I saw to be about 2500 to 3000ft and when the second one appeared it was about 500-1000ft lower. The first got to within approximately 1 mile to me and the second one appeared within a 1/2 a mile or maybe a little closer. Im pretty close because I am judging from landmarks in the area where Ive been living for about 40 years. When the second craft appeared it was moving at really close to the same speed as the one I had been observing. At this point when the second one appeared they were both at least 2 to 2 1/2 miles from me. The closest being the second one was about 2 miles from me and both moving very slowly because it took about 30 minutes to move to within 1 mile from me. Thats really slow. I started getting eaten alive by the mosquitos but as much as I was getting eaten I wanted to stay and watch. I had to go inside even though I didn't want to. My wife was sleeping and I wanted to get her new camera but I didn't know where she had it and the battery was dead anyway. I got my phone because it has a little camera on it and I grabbed my old 35mm Canon. I also grabbed an old pair of binoculars and slung them around my neck. When i got back outside they were both pretty much in the same place but both had started moving exactly opposite away from me but at the same speed. I could not take a picture with anything I had and I couldnt use the binoculars either because everything immediatley fogged up, even my phone. Its summer in Louisiana still pretty warm around 80 degrees at night but its around 68 in the house. All I could do was watch as they slowly moved away from me. Now both UFOs started gaining a little speed moving east and soon I would say within 4-5 minutes they were in the glow of the lights of the next town which was about 6 miles from me when one of them turned to the north or rather just changed direction like due North then just vanished. The other UFO kept its heading but also started gaining speed and altitude and it had started going what looked to me like straight up. It was still flashing every color of the rainbow except I never recalled any greens of light from it. At this time as it climbed it is like it just shot out of sight and at the same instant a streak of white came shooting to the ground right exactly where it had been. What come from the night sky didn't look like it was just falling it looked like it had been projected from the sky at a tremendous rate of speed. It looked like a white hot burning projectile that left a huge streak of white light behind it as high as I could see. So high you couldnt tell how high it actually started. It just ended. It didn't make any noise, I couldnt see any smoke along with the light trail it extended from or anything almost like lightning but it wasnt lightning it was a straight line. This was the strangest thing I have ever seen. It was just a white streak of burning hot light. And even stranger still the light ended right exactly where the last departing UFOs flight path was. I did not see this streak of light hit anything. I didn't hit the ground either it stopped right where the last UFO I watched started going up. This all happened about 2 weeks ago. Only reason Im reporting it is because I am still seeing them pretty frequently. I am trying to be prepared to get some kind of video documentation now. When I get it Ill submit it. Also, I don't think that if Im seeing them this oftenj I cant believe that I am the only one seeing this stuff. If anyone saw this same thing please just say you saw it too. Just so Ill know Im not the only one. I finally got my wife to see two just flying down the middle of our little country road the other night. Now she believes me but shes scared too.
