{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495399","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/399/mufon-5495399.json","updb_database_id":5495399}
{cak} Witnessed 15-20 triangular crafts traveling across the sky with red, green, and white blinking lights. Also saw two larger disc-shaped craft and a mysterious

My boyfriend and I were sitting in my apartment watching TV at about 11pm. The apartment is on the third floor of a building with a large sliding-glass window leading to a balcony. My boyfriend noticed some strange-looking lights outside. I thought it was maybe a plane and wouldn't have given it a second thought. However, he went up to look and started exclaiming that what he was looking at was not a plane. I looked, and it appeared to be a disc-shaped craft with mostly white lights possibly hovering then traveling slowly and we lost view behind an apartment building. I got the impression that the disc was not spinning, but I don't know for sure.

We stepped outside on the balcony and my boyfriend pointed out a strange triangular craft with a red, green, and white light blinking at each point it flew overhead slow enough that we were able to observe it. Then he noticed another, and another. They were flying in different directions across the sky and would eventually fly so far away we would be unable to see them.

During the sighting, I was in a state of disbelief. I was focused on trying to get a video, and my boyfriend was yelling that what we were seeing were UFOs. I tried to be skeptical, and thought of what they could possibly be. I have seen satellites before, and these were too close to be satellites, plus they did not look like any satellites I had ever seen. They were not planes, as they were completely silent and flew in all different directions across the sky.

My boyfriend was excited to chase after them, while I was a bit scared. I was shaking as we ran outside and through the apartment complex. We would stop and see another blinking triangle flying above us. At one point while we stopped to film, a helicopter flew overhead, my boyfriend confirming my suggestion that it was military. At this point, I filmed possibly another slow-moving disc across the street. It looked the same or similar as the first one.

We split up and I went back to my apartment building to review footage. My boyfriend soon joined me. He said he ran into two guys while he was running around who sitting on their balcony who were seeing the same triangles flying around. I encouraged him to call the police to report the sighting because I thought, "there is no way we are the only people seeing these!" He called and we went inside because I was cold, and he continued to watch from the deck. I went out occasionally to look. I'd see the triangles fly over us on the balcony once in a while. At one point, I was sitting on the balcony by myself. I noticed one triangle going slowly across the sky, and it almost looked like it would "drop" something every few seconds, like a yellow beam or ball of light.

There was one very bright "star" present for the duration of the sighting that my boyfriend said was a UFO. I said it was probably a star or planet. By the time we stopped seeing the triangles, the star was mysteriously gone. It was a completely clear night.

My boyfriend received a call from a man from the FAA. He described the sighting to him, and the man apparently said that he would be completely skeptical if it were not for someone in Reed City reporting something similar 30 minutes earlier. I did not directly observe this, but my boyfriend swears he saw a silver disc speed off in the distance at incredible speeds. At about 12:30 am, my boyfriend stopped seeing triangles or other UFOs. The last one I personally saw had more of a diamond shape with an additional small white light.

I'm a fan of the supernatural, and I love pondering what we don't know and what could be possible about our world. But throughout this experience, I was scared. To be honest, part of me felt that I didn't want to be seeing this. It was a "why me?" sort of feeling. I kept trying to be skeptical throughout this experience, and I looked up possible human explanations. The only possible ones I can find are drones (the videos I've been watching of them flying at night don't really look similar to what I saw, plus why so many?) or some kind of secret military devices (though why would they be flying them in clear sight?). 

If there was just one object, it would have been easier for me to dismiss as some sort of a drone, but the number of these things we saw made me doubt that explanation a lot. Also, the FAA person my boyfriend talked to said he knows the person who flew the military helicopter over, and he didn't report seeing anything. If they were drones, I think they would have just said they were drones. We both suspect some sort of cover-up. It was an overall spooky experience for me.
