{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486399","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5207,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/399/mufon-5486399.json","updb_database_id":5486399}
{rjl} 6 orange orbs 3 then 2 then 1

At 12:15 a.m. on Sunday December 13th 2015, I had just returned from San Francisco to Sacramento. I dropped my friends off at 25th St. and 5th Ave. I was driving east on 5th Ave. Up ahead, a person was trying to park his car and not doing too well. I sat at the stop sign at 27th and 5th Ave. to wait until he was done before I drove by him. While I was sitting there for about 15 seconds, I noticed three small lights directly to the east, about a quarter of a mile ahead, fairly high in the sky. At this point they looked to be the size of golf balls and were a pale orange. A storm was coming in and there were clouds in the sky but also big patches of clear sky. I was confused because at first I thought they were lights on a radio tower as there is a law school campus there (McGeorge School of Law). However, I drove about 4 more blocks east on 5th Avenue and came the the stop sign at Franklin Blvd. and 5th Ave. Now I could see that the three lights were orange orbs and were moving west. At this point they looked to be the size of tennis balls. I sat at the stop sign and watched them as they made a slight turn towards the north so that they were now traveling northwest above highway 99, a freeway that cuts through Sacramento. They weren't visible long before they disappeared into a cloud. I turned onto Franklin Blvd. going north and then made an immediate right back onto 5th Ave. so I was again heading east on 5th Ave. I crossed the bridge over highway 99 and got to 34th St. and 5th Ave., right in front of McGeorge School of Law. At this point, 2 more orange balls came out of a cloud headed on the same path as the first three. I opened my window and listened for any sounds. Just like with the first three, there were no sounds. These two didn't stay visible long. They also went into the clouds after turning towards the northwest, basically the same direction as the first three. I began to drive east again on 5th Avenue. I only got one more block when a 6th orange ball came out of the clouds. This one was lower, brighter, and appeared to be the size of a softball. At first, it seemed to be heading right for my car. I had stopped and again put my window down. It flew overhead just to the left of my driver's side of the car. I could see this one better. It didn't turn towards the north like the others and there were no clouds suddenly at this moment. I was in a dangerous neighborhood and needed to keep going, so I drove slowly east, looking over my left shoulder every few seconds until I got to where 5th Ave. meets Broadway. Here, I stopped again and watched it for a few more seconds. It appeared that it had stopped moving and was hovering right over downtown Sacramento, about 2 miles west of 5th and Broadway. I finally just drove home and didn't look back again. When I got home it was about 12:25 a.m. Sunday, 12/13/2015. I called the Sacramento Non-Emergency Police number and told the dispatcher what I'd seen. I asked if there had been any other reports and he said "no." I could tell he wasn't impressed. Regarding my feelings,reactions,and actions during and after the sightings: When I first saw the three lights, I felt confusion because I drive that route often and have never noticed "radio tower" lights. I felt intrigued when I saw that the three lights were moving. I did not feel scared. I felt disappointed that I didn't have my camera or phone with me. When I saw the second two, I felt amazed because I thought that there were only the first three. When the sixth one came out of the clouds, it was different. I felt some fear because it first appeared to be heading right for my car, only fairly high up. I felt awe as I watched the sixth one go by. When I got home and was getting out of my car, I did feel some fear and for a couple of nights after that, I was afraid to look up at the sky. I also felt disappointment because I realized that I will most likely never seen them again and I knew that most people would not think that it was anything other than helicopters or something. One person mentioned drones. I googled "photos of drones flying at night" and none of the pictures on google even come close to looking like what I saw. Among the pictures on google of drones, I did see one photo with three orange orbs in it. Because these were supposed to be photos of drones, I clicked onto it thinking that I'd found the explanation to what I saw. Imagine my surprise when that picture turned out to be not one of drones flying at night, but it was a picture of orange ufos seen in Oregon a few years ago.
