{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-15 03:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456399","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105196","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/399/mufon-5456399.json","updb_database_id":5456399}
{rjl} Black Hexagonal disk shaped,silent low flying, hovering object seen in Benson Arizona

I and a friend were living in a government home for indigent people called Jackson Isle in Midway City California. That place had us monitored at all hours and was funded by Bank of America and Lockheed Martin corporations and many others. We had had enough after seeing how they were trafficking money through places like that through HUD for their secret space programs, so we decided to move to Texas where I could be closer to my father with the help of some friends back east. I was called in for a psych evaluation before leaving and someone from the FBI questioned me there asking me my reasons for going to Texas. Oddly enough I had an episode in the welfare office that was similar. Another FBI agent telling me I am jeopardizing my freedom in a small locked room. Is anyone else questioned by government officials as much or is it just me I thought. It seems I am monitored where ever I go in America and I just accept it as fact for the most part. On our way to Texas, John and I saw the series of UFO’s mentioned earlier. It was awesome to look at and was very close to the van as it traveled along directly in front of us. This was another incident that validated why I may be here at least to witness some of these things. I did receive some telepathic imagery from the ship that was close to us and drew a picture of what I saw. The object floated over a building just south of Highway 10 where we were driving, something telescopic came from the bottom of it while hovering over the building. It took off again like a roundabout and just as fast as thought drifted back into the mountains where it seemed to attach it's self to a much larger craft as big as a football field and the small light on the object seemed to mimic a star. It was very solid and was right in front of us. There is no doubt it was a physical object. silently pacing us as we were going 70 mph down highway 10 in Benson Arizona.
