{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-04 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56293","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4140,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5502702.json","updb_database_id":5502702}
{cak} Red fiery orb over house

It was about 10:50pm on 4/4/14 when I turned off the TV and was thinking about work when something caught my attention out of the corner of my eye to the right. I looked up toward the large window over the living room windows and saw what appeared to be a fire ball. I got up and went to the windows. It was traveling South to North, heading towards my location at a steady speed. It was not windy out. 
	It was a glowing red circle or orb, it did not emit smoke, it did not leave a tail. I just stood watching it come closer and closer and was mesmerized by what it was so much so that I didn1t want to stop watching it to get my cell to take a video. It made no sound. It was approx. one story above the one story houses. At it1s closest point to me, approx. 30 feet from me, it appeared to be between the size of a basket ball to a 3 foot circle which means it would have been larger in person. It went between my house and the neighbors house at a steady speed. I ran to the North side of the house and watched it continue North, it had already appeared on the North side of the houses and was traveling faster than I ran. I did not feel threatened by this object at this point in time. It appeared to be a red swirling ball of glowing gaseous liquid, but it was traveling at a constant speed and at a constant distance above the earth. It appeared to be searching for something, or perhaps observing stuff. I watched it disappear out of sight. 
	I was hoping to see others, so I grabbed my phone, used the bathroom, and turned off the house alarm so I could go outside if I saw another one. I went back and forth from the North to the South sides of the house looking out the windows to see if there were others. Then at about 11:03 pm, I saw what appeared to be the same red glowing orb traveling from the North back South along the same exact path. I activated my cell phone video but it1s shaky and the object appeared so small on the video compared to what I saw with my eyes. All of a sudden I got an eery feeling because it seemed to be coming right at me and slowing down. I decided to go outside to see it I could get a better video of it. At this point, I am concerned as to not only what it is, buy why is it heading back toward me? As I walk outside and hold my cell up the object started traveling North away from me again. At this point I am spooked. I didn1t want to go outside, but feeling no threat and hearing no sound from the object I thought I could just get a video of it as it went over me. However, as I hold up my cell phone, the object starts rapidly traveling North again. 
	I feel that it saw me and didn1t want to be taped. The second video does not even show the object, despite my eyes seeing it. During this time, there were no small planes in the area, but after watching it disappear out of sight the second time, I saw a small plane in the distance by the Vero Beach Airport. I saw planes over the house earlier in the evening, they never fly that low, and I can always hear them.
	I have 2 videos and have taken still pictures from the first video. I have also taken a video from the same window of a plane flying over for comparison.
I wish to remain anonymous due to my being a professional person who deals with the public in this area and area South of here.
