{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-05-09 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5287702.json","updb_database_id":5287702}
About 5klms sth east of Molong, i saw very bright object on a small hill

About 1972 eaither around may before winter or august /September out of winter, at around 7.30a.m i saw very bright what i thought was a reflection of the morning sun on a new tin roof, the sun had been up for about an hr, my mother was driving along with 2 other passengers my mother was taking to work in Orange, i was been taken to collage in Orange, as we drove on a sth easterly direction after coming up a slight hill about 5klms or so out of Molong, i noticed the glow in the distance, the road was straight at this point with a clear view of the small hill in the short distance, as we drove closer the brightness stayed the same, the road then turned left to go around tge hill i lost sight if tge glow for a few seconds, tgen the road turned right in a sweeping corner, the hill to the right with a slight dip in the hill, i noticed a very large object, i estimate from memory about the size of a large shipping container in length and about twice as wide and a bout 1 and a half containers tall. On either side was standing humanoid beings holding something and in the middle was 1 humanoid wakking towards the fence line, the road was about 20ft beyond the fence, as i looked at the humanoid he appeared to look back at me while he was walking to tge fence line, thus gave me an idea if his height, around 6 foot maybe a bit taller, the otger 2 where around same hieght, going off the height of the fence. The humanoid walking towards the road was holdinv what i thought at the time was a book or similar but nowadays with tablers and lap tops i would assume it was more likely to be something like this, it appeared as if he was looking at the traffic and wanting a closer look while taking notes i guess. The object was glowing like fluorescent light with a bright Aura around it, its colour was similto sunlight reflecting of new tin unpainted roof but it wasnt so bright or glaring you couldn't look at it.. the shape and size was easily made out, i could see 3 landing lags, 2 in front and 1 at the right hand back end, i couldnt see the left hand back end. In the middle was a ramp lowered to the ground, i couldnt tell if it came out from the front of ut or if it was droped down from the middle of the object. There was nothing sticking out from it, it appeared smooth all over in an oval shape. The humanoids whee wearing what looked like a metalic dull silvery coloured suite, looked similar to a wet suite from head to toe, tight fitting, tge humanoids where of medium to thin build, no different to looking at a normal 6ft to 7ft himan of same build, everything was in proportion. The head wear looked like a full face mask but with no protrusions. Like it was fitted over the head and face in one peice. I did not take my eyes off the object or the beings, mainly staring at the one walking towards the fence line, i qatch as he walk closer to the fence, by this time i was looking out the back window until i could see anymore. They did not appear to be in any hurry, the humanoid walking toward the fence was walking at a slow pace, taking his time. The other two where staying in the one spot walking back and forward like they where keeping guard when i think about it. The top of the object was what i coukd see from the distance just above the hill, it was landed about half way down the small hill in what looked like a small flat area of the hill. I wanted to call out to get mums attention and the passengers to look, but for some reason i didnt, it was like a feeling that i shouldnt say anything because it felt wrong. I never told anyone about it until my 20s. Other car drivers and passengers facing the right hand side heading sth easterly would sorely of seen it and especially the being close to the fence, there where alot of cars on the road going to work at that time of morning, either working in Molong or Orange, the driver going towards molong woukd have had a closer view being he woukd have been cliser to the fence line than we where. Keeping in mind i was only about 13yrs old but i still remember it as like it was yesterday. 
I know i wasnt asleep in the car and wasnt a dream, although we did watch lost in space series at that time i know it wasnt from watching it as some suggested, u did report to a UFO magazine around 30yrs ago, he did suggest this i told him our famiky weren'tallowed to watch the show as i felt i knew what he was going to say. It was very real. And im sure others would have seen the same thing but have nevercome forwardfor fear of ridicule..i did get an email fron the reporter saying others had seen a bright object in the sky in the early 70s. Around Orange. So maybe its the same object. Im not in good health so wanted to make sure i told this to a reputable organisation.while i am able and in sound mind.. if you need further information please email me.. google map shows the area but there have been new road works since although the new road still fows closly the old road the area would have been dusturbed. The arwa is also made up of undulating hills with alot of farms. In the central west of n.s.w. i have taken a screen shot of the general area.
