{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-26 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5467702.json","updb_database_id":5467702}
{td} White stationary object with minor red and green lights viewed from building. Began making abrupt movements from spot to spot with extreme acceleration and deceleration. Continued observation until obscured by trees.

I had gone to bed at around 21:30 with the window open to help cool my room. (Window doesn't have a screen installed at the time of the event) Around 21:50 I was observing the night sky out my window from my bed when I noticed a white light above the tree tops. Due to the fact that I live 9 kilometers from municipal airport and within 36 kilometers of two international airports with flight paths very close to house, and my experience star gazing in the mountains east of Sierra Nevada; I knew that the object I was viewing was most likely a star as it wasn't prominent enough to be planet. Around 2 minutes later I returned to viewing the object when I noticed a nearly repeatable movement. I began to closely view the object and watched it make multiple sudden movements within about a 101 area from my viewing location. The extremely high acceleration and deceleration noted above were as if it was jumping from point to point rather than a traditional flight. Around 21:58 I grabbed my 15x70 binoculars but was unable to hold them steady enough in order to focus them on the object. I grabbed my magnetic hiking compass from my shelf and found the object to be at bearing 2661 from my location. As I did not want to loose sight of the object I returned to manual observation. Due to the distance and dimness of the object I chose not to use the built in camera on my phone as any image or video taken would have been of little use. It was around this time that I noticed a small flashing red and green light positioned on the edge of the main white light. While this configuration is consistent with standard aircraft lighting the behavior of the craft was not. Around 22:00 I lost sight of the object behind a large oak tree of my neighbors property. I then returned to my bed to sleep. At 22:40 I returned to my original viewing position in my bed and noticed that the object had become visible again. It continued its previous behavior before becoming obscured again by the tree around 22:45. The object was not sighted for the rest of night.
