{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5482702.json","updb_database_id":5482702}
I and 7 others had witnessed this object, or similar high up in the sky, but this time it was just above my head and so low I could have thrown a brick at it and hit it without missing it.

My friends and I had been watching the Perseids meteor shower the previous night and had seen a large boomerang shaped object flying high in the sky. It was at least 10 times the size of a jet plane, but we had no real perpestive.It was my froiends birthday 11th August.
The following night it was my turn to host the meteor party with lawn chairs, blankets, cookies and hot chocolate, (there was no alcohol involved.) As it got to midnight we were all tired having sat up until 4am watching for meteors that we decided to call it a night.
My friends left and I pottered about picking up mugs etc, on the distant Northern horizon, I spooted a glow of the Northern lights. I went to my back yard gate to get a better look and to my my left, some thing caught my eye, which I can only describe of as a 'gathering' in the air. Almost like a flock of black birds. 
As I watched, suddenly this huge craft materialized and floated towards me. It was so low that I ducked because I thought it was going to crash.It was odd because it was as if it was floatng in water. Whether it was hovering over me or because it was so large, it seemed to take ages to pass over my head.
It was a solid,boomering shape. A pair of crenallated wings, something like children depict as angel wings.And underneath the object had bumps all over it, what I thought of as upturned loaf pans, very smooth and seemless with surface area. The colour of the craft was a cross between silver and gold. Not bright but reflective,and shiny , almost alluimin like.No sound whatsoever.
I t stretched across the ditch and the road and partly over my house, then it floated to the only street light there and hovered above it for a few seconds, it then slowly turned and faced North, then in a blink it was gone so fast, I never saw it go. (incidentally the next day a crop circle was found up North).
I had been standing with my mouth open, but then I rushed into the house and I was shaking. I locked all the doors and bolted all the windows. then I sat down and wrote out what I saw.
the next day I phd the local air port 30 miles away to see if they had heard anything, and was told no, as it couldnt have been anything if it didnt have a trransponder on it. I told them it was very low, then the guy laughed and sai probably a UFO, then corrected himself and said kidding.
i ALSO WROTE TO THE mOOSEJAW AIR FORCE BASE ABOUT 2 HOURS AWAY AND WAS TOLD NO PLANES IN THE VICINITY AT THET TIME, i FURTHER SENT THEM A DRWING AND WAS THEN CONTACTED MY THE COMMANDER OF THE BASE, WHO ASKED ME A LOT OF QUESTIONS AND GAVE ME A NUMBERTO CALL IF i SAW IT AGAIN.oops sorry about that.
In the next few days my plants started changing, I'm a keen gardener and do not use chemicals. I had petunias which were fully purple, they started getting patches of white then they ended up with green stripes, (I have photos, but no digitals then)
My sun flowers started to get multiple heads squashed on one stalk, and my yellow daisies were yellow on one side and red on the other.
I do not know if this had anything to do with the UFO, but that is what happened. I contacted numerous nurseries to ask about the the change in my flowers but never got a satisfactory answer.
Next day I was checking the backyard and ditch for anything I could find, but found nothing, I was waving paper, string and various other things to see if they would make anoise. They made faint noises, but the odd thing was I could feel a slight waft of air when I waved these things around. there was no sensation of displacemen of air when the huge craft went over me. and definitely no sound of any kind, not even when it disappeared at an astounding speed.
@days later I was at a friendshouse and left at 10 pm.just as I was going into my yard, I spotted a bright star, which I thought was Venus, but then I realized it was a lot bigger and brighter and in the wrong place for Venus, so I fasceitiously waved at it, and said Hi, it immediately went out which completely unnerved me and into the house I went with all entrances locked.
This sighting is as vivid today as it was back then. I still have my notes. Rather than be disturbed, which I was at first, I am thrilled to have seen it. I will have to photograph my sketch then up load it then send it later.
Thank you
