{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5496702.json","updb_database_id":5496702}
Hovering super fast balls of light

Watching tv and seen balls of light out of living room window.ignored them and carried on watching tv.then when my mind could not figure out what they where I started to stare at them. It looked like aeroplane lights but the lights where kind of still then juggling. I watched this on and off for 10 minutes before I asked my mum what she thought it could be by this time we are both standing up looking out trying to work out what it is.now 20 mins we've been watching the lights even more perplexed as to why if it was a plane it's not moved. And then the lights shoot up like a rocket so fast like I've never seen. But my mum seen it too so I know I wasn't crazy. Still talkin about it we sit back down then notice the lights come back.they seem stiller but faster when they juggle. At this time I'm around 23 ish and my mum is a good 27 years older than me so we are not kids. I tell her I'm getting in the car and going to the water front where I will get a better view, so she comes with me leaving my dad on the sofa speechless thinking we are crazy but not bothering to look himself. 5 minute drive to the wirral side of the river Mersey, so now we can see from the airport for about 10 miles maybe not sure. But we find the lights easy enough and seems they have been hiding when a plane takes off or lands by hiding I mean shoots very high in the sky, then comes back down a minute or so later. Some times the lights are close together and other times they split up a bit but nearly always in a triangle shape. The lights suddenly zoom to the Other end of the skyline stay there for a few seconds and zoom back to close to the airport again they do this a few times like they are playing a game but move so fast it's like they just appear at one end then the other over a distance of about 10 miles very strange but each time they get back close to the airport they juggle about like they are communicating. Contact/sight lost when lights zoomed straight up we waited for about 20 mins but nothing came back.This experience lasted over 1 hour ( pluss20 mins waiting) and was so weird we actually went home and put the news on thinking lots of people would of reported it but it wasn't even on the radio. I thought about calling the airport to see if they had any reports of Ufos but clearly as we see at least 1 take off and 1 land they could not of been worried.no reports in local papers either so all left in explained.
