{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-07 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91856","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5468702.json","updb_database_id":5468702}
{td} I first saw a very small white orb

Every night I stare up at the sky looking for shooting stars or anything out of the ordinary. Tonight I was looking and first I saw what I thought was a IF I because of how fast it was moving, only to see another identical light moving parallel to the first. As I watched they seem to change flight paths crossing over each other. I thought they must have been some fancy military planes because they were moving so fast. I turned the corner of the house and that's when the white star-like light caught my attention because I watched it drop straight down the sky towards the ground. Solid white tiny ball moving so fast in a straight line until I lost it in the tree line. I ran inside to get my brother so he could see it and as we both states up at the skies i excitedly told him about what I saw. A shooting star crossed the sky from right to left while we both stood there, with a very visible tail. After about 5 minutes of watching a very tiny light caught my attention again, this time much smaller and harder to see, to the right of the lowest point of the Big Dipper. I watched it "float" or glide towards the star and then it seemed to serve back to the right. My brother finally saw the light as it moves almost in line with the star, and then it seemed to hover there. We watched it move and it seemed to be pulsating light. It would go dark and when it light back up less than a second later it would be higher up. It's movements were definitely not something man-made or a star, and absolutely nothing like the shooting star. I swear I saw at least one UFO tonight, I don't know if the light could have been the same one, but they were much different in size even though they were both very small. The first stayed the same bright white and the other pulses and hovered. The 2 planes seen before seem ironic now that what I thought were military planes were in the sky right before the white lights.
