{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492702","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/702/mufon-5492702.json","updb_database_id":5492702}
{rjl} Phsycic abduction?

This experience could very well be a dream.. I don't know, honestly. But it was very real to me, and I would like to know if anybody else has had a similar experience. I think this will sound kind of far fetched.. No one has believed me, and they have all laughed at me..

I used to have this mental exercise I would do to help me fall asleep.. It would be considered a lot like astral projection, you know.. where you can leave your body and be aware of your surroundings.. To a very great detail.. I started by meditating, becoming intimately aware of my immediate surroundings.. I started with my bedroom, then eventually I could roam the hallways.. See my kids as they slept. I practiced this for a couple of years.. Every night I would get a little bit farther away from myself. I used to "Float" above my town, seeing all the traffic. I would slowly rise and get farther and farther away. I could slowly leave our solar system.. Leave the galaxy.. See our local galactic group.. I got very good at it.

One night, I was shortly into my meditation, just rising out of the atmosphere of our planet, and I found myself getting pulled into a tunnel.. There were a ring of lights at the start of the tunnel. I found myself getting pulled onto a metallic table, our bed.. There were 5 figures around me, 4 of them shorter, and 1 taller one. They were all greyish in nature with big eyes, small mouth.. I couldn't see a nose or a mouth. I was very, VERY scared. I was fighting very hard, and they started restraining me to the table. I kept kicking and screaming, and swinging my arms as hard as I possible could. And then, I heard a voice in my head.. The loudest and clearest thing I have ever heard.. Either in my head or with my ears, and it simply Boomed, "SLEEP!" And instantly, I stopped fighting, I became relaxed.. and I found myself back in my bedroom, next to my wife, the clock said 3:43.. I was out of breathe, I couldn't get back to sleep. I was very agitated.. After a couple of hours I eventually did get back to sleep, and the next day, My entire body was sore.. Everything hurt.. After this encounter, my entire life changed for the worse. I cant sleep anymore, I am always depressed.. My mind doesn't seem to work the same anymore. I cant do my mental exercise.. Lack of concentration or simply fear of what may happen.. I don't know.

I have never been so scared of anything in my life.. And I don't even know if it was real.. Or if I just happened to slip into a dream while I was projecting myself, and was still conscious on some level experiencing body "paralysis" that happens when you reach rem sleep.. I don't know, but if there are other instances of a similar occurrence, maybe that will help ease my mind a bit. It turns out that in my town there were several UFO sightings close to the time of my experience..

Please give me some information.. Anything
I would be willing to under go a lie detector or hypnosis, or anything you could think of to validate my experience and get/give information
