{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-11 23:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5494107.json","updb_database_id":5494107}
{cak} Notice what appeared to be a plane but then changed direction and hovered. Hovered back and forth and did many movments over time of event before leaving sight. Seemed intelligent.

So I was trying to fall asleep when something caught my eye. I'm used to seeing planes fly by because of the nearby airport, of which this object came from the direction of and heading SW/S, but for some reason it caught my eye. It looked like a plan with eerie pulsating green lights. 
Note that it had a solid white light much like a star but brighter and seemed more natural then artificial and what appeared to be 2 green lights were pulsating not blinking much like planes do. At this point I figured it was a strange plane and was just curious but then it just changed direction basically throwing itself in reverse for a quick second then hovered around. 
At first my mind couldn't comprehend it, I was thinking maybe the plane was doing a loop for some reason but then I realized that it must be a UFO, terrestrial or not (man made unknown craft or alien) I don't know, but it sure wasn't something normal. So I ran downstairs and outside to get a better view but my house is surrounded by forest and it was too far above the tree line to see so I could only view it from my from as no other windows aloud a viewpoint and I had to look out from an angle. 
I quickly rushed to get my DSLR camera but it was too dark to pick anything up with my lens and my iPhone couldn't pick it up either. When I first pointed my DSLR at it, it moved behind a treeline where I could still make it out through the branches just a bit but if I were to even get a view of it in my camera it wouldn't have looked like much, it felt intelligent as if it did it in response to my trying to get it on my viewfinder but that could just be me over thinking it. So I kept viewing it, at this point I had been messaging my friends on Facebook about it so that I could begin documenting what I saw. It shifted again from the treeline back to around where it first hovered in place but it seemed to get a bit closer to me to where I could make it out a bit better than just lights. Finally I grabbed a notebook and began to draw what I was seeing now as soon as I was almost done and looked up a second time to compare what I drew to what I saw it was completely gone. I felt very eerie and scared afterwards but it could've been just my overactive imagination as I haven't read up on UFOs and stuff in years and never thought this kind of thing would ever happen to me. I made sure to take notes and pictures documenting time, direction, no cloud cover, everything I could. Earlier today before writing this my friend who was in my facebook chat I talked about earlier told me that his girlfriend had heard something over the local radio of somebody seeing something similar although I haven't gotten a chance to talk to them about it and will be doing so hopefully tonight but I'm not sure. If any more information is wanted or needed I'm more then happy to come forth with answers to anything I can as well as update on any new finding that corroborate my story.
