{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5287107.json","updb_database_id":5287107}
Lights respond to my flashlight

Every night I lay in my backyard with a 1000 lumen light and 12 X 50 binoculars and observe moving lights which at times react to me shining my light at them. On the night of June 10th, 2021 around 2100 hours, I observed over 30 moving lights at various distances above the earth in the night sky. Some, not all, would glow extremely bright only after I shined my flashlight up in the sky when I noticed them. One in particular I flashed 3 times after noticing it directly above me. When I did this, the light, flashed brightly twice in response to my light. To verify this was not a one time occurrence I shined my light again on the object 3 times and again the moving ball of light flashed back at me. Other times, these balls of light which look like moving stars, when I attempt to illicit a response by flashing my light at them, will disappear. Sometimes they will disappear immediately and other times they will slowly cloak. I have seen them through my binoculars disappear completely as if they were cloaking from visible to invisible. The speed at which these objects move varies from somewhat slow (relatively speaking) to as fast as what I can only describe as a tracer round fired from a firearm. Most of the time the objects move in a mostly straight line, other times the objects can be seen moving in a zig-zag pattern. 

It should be noted that I am retired LE and have had a psych evaluation. I see these objects literally every single night that I have attempted to look for them. This is not a one time occurrence. My experiences go back years to when I was around 20 years of age when I witnessed something truly amazing. I do not have any sense of fear or anxiety when these sightings occur, quite the contrary. When the lights respond by shinning back at me I am filled with an excitement that barely compares to a roller coaster ride. 

Unfortunately I do not have any physical evidence to substantiate my witness testimony. I do not posses the proper equipment to record night events clearly and oftentimes these events occur faster than I would have time to prepare for.
