{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-12-01 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4050,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5502107.json","updb_database_id":5502107}
I saw a white domed craft hovering eight feet off the ground fifty feet away. After a moment it rose and floated away.

I was near the beach not far from the apartment building where I lived when I was confronted by the most amazing sight. Not fifty feet away hovering about eight feet off the ground there was a dull white heavily domed flying saucer. The craft was about twenty five feet wide, smooth and featureless; its surface was so matte that no light was reflected from it's skin. While I was certainly in awe and somewhat thrilled, I had a secondary feeling of irritation if not disappointment. As seven year old American boy living in circa 1972 Puerto Rico, I new exactly what flying saucers and space ships are supposed to look like: they where supposed to sleek and covered in chrome with all kinds of high tech gizmos and lights just like in Marvel comics. This saucer was nothing like that and besides its oversized dome made it look kind of fat and goofy; it really did not look like it could fly very fast at all. Anyway, after a moment it began to slowly rise and as it did so the air became saturated with a power full electromagnetism; it almost felt "solid". I looked down at my right forearm and all the hairs had stood up like they when I put my arm near the screen of a color TV. Then it very gracefully floated away over the water. The outer wall of the "bubble" of electricity passed through my body in the direction that the craft was going and the electromagnetic effect on the air was gone, like flipping a switch. Then staying less than one hundred feet above the water the saucer arced slightly to the right and I lost sight of saucer behind a cluster of tall trees.
  After a moment of staring out over the empty water whishing I could still see the craft I turned to my right and there was my mother looking out over the water. At that moment it hit me that we had both been on the ship together and I had a fuzzy memory of a dark place and me having to endure something very unpleasant. She turned to me and said in a marked German accent "It would be better if you told no one what happened here". She turned to leave then stopped and clarified: "It would be better if you did not tell you father what happened here". I was a little confused as to why she would make such a big deal about all this; as far as I was concerned, yes there was something that happened that was strange and unpleasant but it was over with, I was glad that it was so why wasn't she? Her eyes seemed glassy and her movements where slow and dazed (Also, my mother was born in Germany but is highly assimilated - sometimes when she has had a little wine or is over tired her accent comes back. I never noticed this phenomena until someone pointed it out to me when I was in my twenties). We returned to our penthouse apartment in silence. When we got inside she muttered something about "We should take a nap" while making strait for her bedroom. I felt a desperate need to sleep and literally dove into my bed and was immediately asleep. I do not remember waking up and the memories of that day lay buried for more than four decades. Then suddenly, for no reason that I can see, one day in 2014 I suddenly remembered standing in front of the flying saucer as a seven year old child and it all came flooding back down to the smallest of details.
