{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-03 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52710","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5506107.json","updb_database_id":5506107}
{rjl} three crafts flying in line but few hundred yds apart, first craft had vapor trail starting in front

On Tuesday evening my daughter and I stepped out of the house and stood in front in our driveway just chitchatting about life. After a few minutes we were looking at the sky commenting on how blue/clear it was when we saw what appeared at first to be a skywriter. I didn't think too much of it but a couple of moments later took a second glance at it noted something that looked very peculiar. There was a long vapor trail but the weird thing was the vapor trail started what appeared to be a few hundred yards in front of the first craft. There were three crafts the first and third seem to be very similar if not identical the third was very easy to see was trailing the first two they were all on the line. The first craft was cigar shaped but mostly shrouded by the vapor trail that was making in front of the craft. The middle craft (if it was a craft) appeared to us is just a small star or real bright light we were never able to make out any craft shape. But all three maintained the same distance pretty much from one another flying in a straight line through the entire flightpath that we witnessed over a period of probably 3 or 4 min. When we first noticed it they were descending towards my house from the North West. they took a bend over us probably 1000 yards or a couple of miles infront and over us. And then ascended in the Northwest. My daughter and I stood in total amazement watching it disappear into the skies. When I say it, they were definitely three different objects. With regard to the objects the first and third were definitely crafts which made absolutely no noise they left and incandescent vapor trail. The thing that caught my eye at first was that the vapor trail look unlike any skywriter Ive ever seen. With a skywriter the vapor trail is tight like a ballpoint pen immediately behind the craft. Then it looks more like a paint brush stroke as you get thousands of yards away from the craft. This was totally different. The width of the vapor trail in front of the first vehicle was the same with as the entire trail. When I started looking closer it was obvious that this wasnt the skywriter. The first craft I made out was the one shrouded in the beginning of the vapor trail. Then I quickly noticed another cigar shaped craft what appeared to be several thousand yards in trail. It was either lit up with lights or had a highly reflective metal exterior. It was too far away to make out any more detail than that. They were not any conventional type of aircraft which we see plenty of in the same area. There were no navigational lights or wings and the weird thing was the middle craft mustve been either very very small where was the craft of all. But it did maintain the same distance throughout the entire flightpath even acid vent in front of our house and back up to its ascent and emitted a starlike glow the entire time.
