{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-08 04:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2326,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5529107.json","updb_database_id":5529107}
taking the dog out saw the object hovering then move across sky and stopped

Was awakened by the dog to go out. The time was 4:52a.m. Walked outside with dog in back yard and saw object. First thought it was a plane, there are a lot in the area, since we are close to an airport. But object was hovering dead still pulsing/flashing amber, red, green, and white. It was like a cigar if it was spinning. It moved across the sky rapidly and stopped by a large crane and did not move up or down, left or right. A plane came in from right went to left towards the airport and the object. Then the object moved a small amount down almost to line up with the plane. The plane got close to the object and the object started to dim more of an amber color. Then went inside to grab binoculars and at the same time my mother awoke to let the other dog out we looked at it trough the binoculars as it stayed in the same spot after the plane went by. Then it moved lower and started to move to the left. Just about that time another plane was heading near the object, used the camera phone but could not get a solid picture of the object. My mother got her real camera and tried to get one as well but could not get it into focus. This went on for about 1 hour it was almost like it was trying to observe the passing planes. It would move in small increments to basically be on a close path with the planes. The movement was very slow, very precise. The object stayed in same spot, same altitude for approximately 15 min. pulsed bright green, red, amber, and white. There were no planes during that time. Object then moved right very slowly then almost faded out and it moved behind trees. For the next 10 minutes we stayed out side and it did not reappear.
