{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107513","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5454107.json","updb_database_id":5454107}
{jpg} Super Bright Light in sky that stopped in mid path and disappeared

On April the 3rd of 2020, around 10 pm, I was walking home from a neighbor's house (we live in a roundabout circle, his home is directly across from mine) I happened to look up at the sky, hoping to see the Atlas comet. I noticed this dim light moving along the sky, at first I thought it to be a satellite but then it started to shine more brightly as it went across the night sky. I stopped in my tracks and just looked at this object for a few seconds before running back to my neighbor's porch and telling him to come outside and look. He came outside and I didn't even have to point it out to him, we were both mesmerized by this light, we see weird stuff in the skies often where we live but this was really weird and unnatural. As it was making its way across the sky, it became brighter and brighter. It looked like someone had a huge flashlight in space and was shinning it down on Earth. We both talked to each other on what it could be but neither of us had seen anything like this before. We have watched the ISS many times, which by the way, on this night the ISS was in my local area about 45 mins before this sighting for 3 mins, so the ISS was ruled out officially. When the object reached near the dipper in the sky, it stopped moving and just hovered In place for no more than a minute before it just blinked out of sight. My neighbor and I scanned the sky for what seemed like forever but we could not see anything moving in the sky, not even an airplane. I don't know what this was but it went from very dim to amazingly bright and just when it seemed like it could not get any brighter it stopped and either turned off its lights or disappeared. Satellites can't or don't do that as far as I am aware, airplanes don't act that way in the sky from anything I have ever seen and stars or planets most certainly do not act this way. So I am unsure as to what this could have been but it was most definitely wonderful and unique, to say the least. Sadly, I had no camera or phone on me where I was just walking back home from a brief visit with my neighbor.
