{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509107","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/107/mufon-5509107.json","updb_database_id":5509107}
{cak} Light came from the horizon and stopped traffic on 21st St.

My wife and I were coming from a friends house near the highway intersection south of 29th and Gage, and were going to the OliVe Garden to pick up a carry-out order wed called in. She was driving and hopped on the highway south of 29th and Gage heading west. Not long before there had been an alignment of Venus, Jupiter, a crescent moon and possibly Mercury that I was fondly recalling as she drove on the highway, so I was looking at the "stars" in the west(it was just around sunset), and I was seeing a couple of bright lights, maybe 3, on the horizon. My wife missed the 21st exit and got off on the huntoon exit, went south on wanamaker, then got back on the highway going south. We got off on 21st street near the outback steakhouse when I realized that there shouldnt currently be that many lights visible on the horizon at this time. She takes a right onto 21st street and one of the lights continues over the top, like right over west ridge mall across Wanamaker, I watched this go from looking like a star in the sky to descending and approaching being a very real and object close to us. I grabbed my cellphone, which I had just recently switched back to this crappy samsung with no camera because my sony ericson had crapped out that had no camera, and tried to dial my friend mike, who didn't answer. So I called his girlfriend. She answered. This white light came from the horizon, over the top of west ridge mall, over wanamaker and pretty much along 21st st though going slightly south, crossing right over the top of us. All of the people on 21st street going the way we were just stopped, along with us because we just didn't know what else to do. It was maybe 100 ft above us and crossed right above us right at about the east edge of Target. All the while I was screaming at Jessica on the phone what I was seeing and yelling at Billie to both stop and go because I didn't know what to do. It came right at us, and everyone on 21st street was doing the same sort of thing like we didn't know what the hell to do. It went right over the top of us and our windows were wide open and we didn't hear a dang thing. After it was just past wanamaker it started projecting a beam kind of. This thing was moving pretty slow too, Id say about 10 miles an hour maybe. And it was a friday night too. Wanamaker was jam packed as usual. As I said it was basically moving east, but also slightly south. About 5 minutes later my friend mike called me after talking to jessica and was all skeptical saying "why didn't you take a picture". My phone is why. I doubt it woulda mattered it was a bright white light. Then about 20 minutes after that he called me again and said he figured out what it was. He said there was a couple army helicopters swarming around burnetts mound. That was the general direction the light was going, but what I and those others saw was NOT a friggin helicopter. I suspect the helicopters he was seeing was dispacted from Forbes Field looking for whatever the heck it was that we saw. I hope this is sufficient enough of an explanation of what happened that night. And if pressed I could probably figure out more accurately when it was this occured, but I had just been laid off from my job and like I said, it was within maybe 3 weeks of the alignment between jupiter venus the crescent moon and maybe mercury or saturn. I hope this is sufficient. Any more details or clarification needed and Id be happy to coorespond if requested. Thank you and sorry for the tardyness of reporting this.
