{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287462","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/462/mufon-5287462.json","updb_database_id":5287462}
Alien was standing in the door way

[ Item moved to F I Report {tjd} ].  About twenty eight years ago in 1993 in the town of summer field Florida, I was twelve years old growing up on a horse farm called Oak Wood Farm. One of my favorite things to do was to go exploring the wooded areas of the farm. I would go see the horses then go exploring. I decided to go deeper into the woods that day and I came across this old abandoned house. I thought to my self this might be a good place to possibly catch a red rat snake because during this time I was really fond of all kinds of animals including reptiles. So I go inside this abandon house and there is a bunch of rusted tools old paint buckets and other other types of garbage. I noticed that there was some pieces of plywood inside this house. I thought that if moved one of the pieces of plywood I might find the rat snake that I was looking for. 
 As I bend down to lift up the piece of plywood, in my peripheral vision I noticed an open doorway with no door. Standing in this doorway was gray type or zetta type of alien being. Chills were moving up and down my spine and I basically froze in my bent position not knowing what to do next. I knew that I wanted to get a better look at this creature. In my peripheral vision I could see the gray type or zetta type of alien creature tilting its head over to the side as if it was curious of who I was and about my actions. As I turned my head to get a better visual on this creature, it had vanished into thin air. Had it been another kid or a person trying to avoid being seen and decided to run away I would have heard the cracking of leaves or the snapping of branches while the person was running but there was nothing There was just a dead silence. 
 I remember seeing TV shows such as Sightings and the X-Files and was amazed when I found out that the X-files were based on actual U.F.O and alien encounters. But I never thought that something like that could happen to me. A year or two prior to my encounter my sister who to this day does not wish to talk about it any more, was out with her boy friend having a romantic evening together when they noticed an orange colored orb of light. As they were seeing this orb it was slowly moving from side to side getting closer and closer to them then all of a sudden it took off without a sound and vanished into thin air. Another experience that I had was seeing my mothers death before it happened and just brushed it off as a bad dream until I woke up to a police officer standing in the living saying sorry to my step dad and to seeing my brother crying. As they were leaving I asked what had happened and my step dad turns around and says to me your mom is ok she's dead. For a long time after my encounter with the Gray type or Zetta type of alien creature, I refused to tell anyone because I thought to my self who would believe a twelve year old kid who was watching the TV show Sightings and the X-Files as well? When I finally told my Mother what had happened to me she tried to convince me that it was just a dream and this made me so frustrated because I knew the difference between reality and a dream. to this day the encounter that I had with the alien creature, my sisters experience, and seeing my mothers death before it happened on the day of her death, has never left my mind.
 I have been wanting to share this experience that I had for twenty eight years. During this time I have learned about film making and have put together two films titled The Alien Truth and The Alien truth 2 The Serpent. These films are about my encounter with the Gray type or The Zetta type of alien creature that I encountered and are about my perspective on the whole Alien
and U.F.O phenomenon. With MUFON'S permission I would like to submit these videos for public broadcast through MUFON. I believe these video presentations can shed some new light on the Alien and U.F.O enigma.
