{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-08-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497462","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/462/mufon-5497462.json","updb_database_id":5497462}
Ufo spotted over Teeside Airport

I dont know the exact date it was such a long time ago now but the memories of that night are still very fresh.

I was around 12 years old and lived in Redcar at the time. My parents were visiting my uncle and aunt who lived in the Deens Area of Darlington with a direct view towards Teeside Airport out of their front window.

My parents, sister and aunt and uncle were all playing cards in the back room, I was listening to vinyl music in the front room laid on the couch with the lights out looking at the stars.

I observed a very bight star looking object hovering around 30 degrees in the nights sky over the direction of Teeside Airport which appeared to be slightly changing colours and getting brighter and dimmer at random intervals.

I went to the window to watch it because it was larger than the North Star yet brighter and more intense. I didnt know what to make of it until it moved so quickly a short distance to the left. I at that point knew it could not be anything other than a UFO even at that age because I was such a Sci-fi movie buff as a kid.

I got so excited after watching it zipping randomly across the sky above the airport I went to get my sister who would have been 16 at the time.

She alnost completely rediculed me and didnt believe a word I said that I was watching a Ufo but I dragged her into the front room and told her to look out of the window.
We both watched what seemed to be for 10 minutes or more as it moved, changed colours, flickered and pulsated in the sky.

The next thing shocked me even more when I obsurved the lights of aircraft taking off and rising into the air in persuit of the Ufo.

The ufo then made several eratic moves in the sky, still at around 30-45 degrees per my view and shot off at incredible speed in a SW direction over the house and away from the airport.

Both my sister and myself witnessed the Ufo but I almost watched it all.

The very next day it was on the local Radio Statio and in the papers that Hundreds of people had witnessed UFO activity above Teeside Airport in county durham england during the night which confirmed what I had seen.

Did anyone else witness this. Does anyone have any more info on this.

I have burried this for 35 years and it still on my mind today.

Please contact if you know any more info on this sighting
