{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284462","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/462/mufon-5284462.json","updb_database_id":5284462}
While working in Maryland some form of light being (close as I can tell) who visited me several time

There is no way I can put four days' worth of conversation into this space. I will instead highlight the 0oints of interest: 

During a particularly deep meditation, I seemed to make contact with someone. I thought maybe a fellow mediator on this planet or just a figment of my imagination.

After finishing I kept seeing flashes of movement out of the corner of my eye. Soon these smaller beings seem to be getting more solid and making themselves busy about me. A pair of larger beings project into the room and eventually introduce themselves as Tony and Heidi. They said they fly the cigar-shaped shops. They named the planet they came from but I was never able to recall it. They showed genuine concern for my event with the disc-shaped craft. They said I could call them Gatekeepers. They act sub rosa. The mission is to observe and guide all sentient life toward enlightenment. They monitor 30 million planets they communicate telepathically, they have an ashram in the Himalayas where they teach humans(at least), their technology is based on sound, they are thousands of years ahead of us, evolutionarily. They said there are 4-5 alien "factions" here on a long-term basis. Most of the time they taught me how to meditate better, control autonomous bodily functions and they used at least two different types of "machines" on me, based on sound of course. They understand our religious traditions and have a fondness for Buddhism. They rode in my Pathfinder, off and on until the Red River where they "beamed up", told me that they were going to Los Alamos and for me to " be the Buddha". 

I sense their presence regularly and have been indelibly impacted for the better. Or else I'm mad as a hatter. Sorry, but that's it for now. For
