{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-25 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528462","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7848,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/462/mufon-5528462.json","updb_database_id":5528462}
Two red orbs sighted by 12 people

Ufos in Hudson Dec 25 2010

Sunday, December 26, 2010

1:45 AM

Hi,

I would like to report a UFO sighting.

This took place in Hudson Quebec, Canada, Dec 25, 2010, Christmas evening, at approx. 9:15 pm.

My wife and I, and my two children aged 26 and 22, were visiting my nephew there and we were at a gathering of family to celebrate Christmas... dinner.

My daughter had a few pieces of fireworks left over from the summer and we decided to walk over, a block, to a clearing beside a nearby school. 

There was about a foot of hard snow on the ground and the temperature late that afternoon was between 10 and 15 degrees Celsius below zero. There was no wind.

There were 12 of us in all, including three young children. All the others were adults of ages 22 through 60.

My nephew and a friend of his were present. Both are experienced commercial pilots.

I myself am a retired mechanical engineer, aged 60. There were several other professionals among us.

I set up a few firework sticks in the ground and proceeded to fire them off. There were a total of about 8 items, five of which shot simple 'light balls' high up. 

The sky was slightly hazy in areas, and stars could be seen easily through most of this haziness.

I was in charge of the fireworks; the others were about 100 feet away for safety. There was one fairly bright street light just off to one side and behind us.

At the end of the final launch, the whole of which took about 10 minutes, one of our girls called out something to the likes of... 1 Oh, what are those1. We all looked up to the back-side sky, partly obscured by the streetlight. It helped to block the streetlight with, say, one1s hand, in order to see the objects better, at least from my own point of view.

There, we ALL witnessed what I can only describe as glowing colors, changing from copper-red, to golden hues, orbs.

Their size was roughly 10 times the diameter of Jupiter (as it has been lately), though not as bright. They were not spectacularly bright, nor were they dull; (like amber highway lights about 15 poles distant). If there had been any clear shape patterns/or distortions they would have been noticed. The shapes did not change much, basically oval/spherical.

We estimated (the pilots jumped in to help) the distances to be roughly 1 to 2 kilometers away at elevations of about 2000-3000 feet or so, angled about 40 degrees with the horizon.

A couple of us had seen what was most likely a plane passing far overhead and above them, at perhaps 10,000 feet.

However, we focused on the two orbs. They were very clearly visible and well below any cloud mist.

I quickly asked if anyone had brought with them a camera. No one answered to the affirmative, even though we had many cameras back at the house, a block away. Nonetheless, my niece had indeed brought her old cell-phone camera and had tried to snap a picture; she and her companion reported that the picture did not register, either believing that there was not enough light or that she was not able to get the objects into focus within the short time they presented themselves to us.

The orbs were present for only about 3 minutes, from the time we first discovered them... they may have been there longer, but not observed.

The orbs were moving in a roughly north-easterly direction, and slowly. They made NO sound that anyone could hear.

We were looking at them and they were traveling in our direction, at first. 

It was shortly after the fireworks show that we first noticed them. Within the subsequent 1st minute, the orb at the left appeared to come to a stop, and did not change its brightness, except for the color changes (about one full cycle per 3 seconds). The second varied at what appeared to be the same rate. The variation transitioned smoothly/continuously, not in an abrupt off-on manner. 

The orb on the right was at first about the width of 2-3 fingers apart (held at arms length) from the orb on the left. It appeared to brighten until it roughly matched that of the left orb. It then started to move forward as the other remained put, after first hesitating. It made a bending pattern movement and came around much closer to the left orb. I thought at one instant that it was going to connect up with the other, but it came instead to within a distance of about one finger width away (at arms length).

At that point it stayed put and the left orb slowly moved in a new direction to the south-east. Shortly afterword, the second orb slowly started to move in the same direction, following. Both went on their way into the distance and faded out of sight within the 3rd-4th minutes.

It really appeared to all of us that these objects had been observing us and only changed direction after having noticed that our show was over, or that they had been discovered.

In discussing with the pilots, they decided to call in to their professional connections to see if any planes were in the area at this level, that might explain the observations. Two calls were made, with no confirmations of any such low flights.

We conjectured: 

None of the lights were typical of any known plane standards, that the pilots could think of. There were NO sounds at all, if one were to consider helicopters in the area, as a cause. This amazing coincidence of two objects seemingly communicating with each other, on Christmas evening, at this hour, was very unusual. In particular, the coincidence of our lighting fireworks (or anyone doing so on this day), and the timing of the orbs seems inexplicable. Their change in direction within a minute of our observing them is equally uncanny; they seemed to be watching us.

The transitioning lights were not beams of light shining down onto the earth nor into the sky1 no traces in the slightly misty air. The 'entire' objects were clearly illuminated as opposed to lights on the objects1 this is unusual.

And finally the most unusual coincidence of all. I had been, early in the same day, looking back at digital pictures I'd taken two years ago in northern Newfoundland, of what I was curiously suspecting might be a UFO. I'd taken 3 high resolution pictures of this but had never gone back to study them. I showed these to my daughters this same day, and we guessed, in the end, that the object in this case, was more likely an unusual weather balloon 11dirigible that had a shape 1resembling a dragon1. Next, just before I showed up to light the fireworks, (the others arrived at the clearing 5 minutes before me), my daughter was explaining to one of the pilots there about the story of those other pictures. They were joking about it all1 and then, this new experience occurred. Also, one of the fireworks pieces was called 'alien invasion' and my wife was calling out to bring on the aliens, in gesture only. Very weird indeed.

All this was a very real experience that can be confirmed by all present. The three children were unfortunately quite upset and frightened by the sighting. It took us a few hours to calm them afterwards and convince them of an alternate acceptable explanation for all this.

Sincerely 

*(Wit's name and identifying information deleted -- CMS/sg).
