{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-03-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504462","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":14289,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/462/mufon-5504462.json","updb_database_id":5504462}
In a boat near Cozumel Iland, this BRIGHT LIGHT came up under the boat, the light was so bright there were no shadows

People often ask me if I think there are really UFOs. The truth is I don't 'THINK' there are UFOs, I 'KNOW' there are UFOs because I've seen them. My first encounter came on March 21 1972, and get this, it was not in the sky but in the ocean at night. Damn thing, what ever it was, forever mystified three men in a boat. As for myself, being one of those three, I have been searching for the answer to my own questions for over forty years now.

The boat belonged to my brother-in-law [Name removed/cms/tg] "J". His first mate,"C", was a born aboard, live aboard, seal of the sea himself. "J" had a contract to transport chapapote, black tar asphalt, to the island of Cozumel. "J" owned the boat but the "C" was skipper of the 52 foot deep hull, ridged to haul chapapote, asphalt.

March 21 1972 the day in question From Playa del Carmen to Cozumel took the ferry one hour, depending on weather. "C", driving "J"s boat, took an hour longer. Carmen-6:00 PM: 

The ferry pulled out for Cozumel as I was loading my cargo of fruits&vegetables onto "J"s boat. Jaun and I were partners in the Bali-Hi restaurant on the island and it was always a hustle to have fresh produce. Only 20 sacks of oranges was left "C" offered to finish loading if we would go to the store and buy him cigarettes. Old "C" never left his home aboard, not even in port. (of course you don't want to leave the boat if you're not in port!) 

Playa del Carmen, in 1972, was nothing more than a bus stop for the ferry to Cozumel, with a military base to keep smuggling in check. Keeping smugglers in check is not the easiest job in the land where so much pirate history was born, and has yet to die

You must understand this was 1972 B.C.C. that's, 'Before Can-Cun,' It was around six forty-five by the time we cast-off as "C" took charge of his command. Nothing to do now but sit back and have a cold beer mixed with small talk about the family, the tourist, the weather, but most of all just kibitzing about life on the island of Cozumel. People always jump on the fact that "J" an I drank A- 1- beer. while "C" maneuvered south a couple of miles to Xcaret, owned by the Delgado family, cousins to the Moguels, Mendoza's and anybody that's anybody for miles around. Xcaret, in '72, was little more than a weekend swimming hole for locals an stary tourists, today, Xcaret is a 1st class tourist eco destanation. In the clasic Maya era, Xcaret was another ancient Maya seaport used primarily by Chieftains of Maya history as they gathered for their summit meetings on Cozumel. The Caribbean current is better suited from Xcaret to carry you're boat to Cozumel island. The Mayas knew this over two thousand years ago, and if you think that was cleaver how about this, the Mayas were the first to take their girlfriends along for an exstended vacation. In season?
Of course. ;)

By the time "C" put to sea at Xcaret, the sun was down and night was closing in on us. Tourist season would soon be over, however, at this time of year there were a lot of foreign tourist around too witness the equinox on March 21, that very day. Thousands had crowded the ruins at Chichen-Itza. Suddenly the boat dropped dead in the water from lose of power. On instinct "J" an "C" moved into emergency mode. As "J" an I pulled the sacks of oranges around so we could get to the motor cover on deck, "C" was checking the stater switch and wiring in the cabin when suddenly a light, so bright you could read the fine print on a lawyers contract, came up >under< the boat. I mean to tell you there was not a shadow to be found, not inside the cabin where "C" was, nor outside where "J" an I stood stunnd by what was taking place. This light was under the boat, not over head, as I recall, yet its glow was all embracing, like being inside a lightbulb. 

"Submarine!" "J" said what made since. Gripping the side-rail of the boat I looked over the side trying to judge how close the Submarine was to us. What I saw was the ocean osculating like the inside of a washing machine. I'll never forget that light, and how it was under us, yet it was everywhere leaving no shadows. It really didn't hurt my eyes, but I couldn't tell how deep or how big it was, whatever it was. There were no bubbles like you see when a submarine comes to the surface in the movies. 

As fast as it came, it was gone. The light under us suddenly shot out like a torpedo from the boat. "J" an I could see two lights now, one on each side of the boat still in the water. As the lights shot away from us they never broke surface nor left any bubbles or foam in their wake, of which there was none. I yelled to Cabano in the wheel house, "Can you see um "C" there's two of them?" He turned an looked back at us,"No, son tres, uno es en la media!" (There's three,ones in the middle.) The lights, still under water, were headed south the last we saw of them. Out of sight in about 5-6 seconds. This whole episode with the lights hadn't take more than maybe twenty five seconds, or so we thought.

"C" hit the starter and the motor kicked in smooth as new. Under way again "J" an "C" excitedly began reciting story's of the lights in the night sky's near Tulum,they both agreed  that nothing like this had ever happened to either one of them, no one had ever been this close to the lights."J" explaned how Tio "M" [Name removed/cms/tg], in Punta Allen, had many story's about night lights both in and out of the water. Now the "C" took his turn recalling his sightings near Tulum, but never one like this he said in conclusion. This being my first time I had nothing to talk about,but I couldn't wait until tomorrow so I could tell about this close encounter to all the tourist at the Bali-Hi restaurant. I'd tell my wife as soon as I got home of course. Suddenly I felt tired,sleepy, drained of energy, so I stretched out, on top of my sacks of oranges, under the cover of the moon beaming down from high above, in a few minutes I was asleep. 

The people ferry pulls into the dock down town Cozumel, but other boats go to Caleta, a south port where commercial boats tie up. When our boat bumped the dock "J" and I sat up. We were all three feeling tired an groggy so we decided on the spot to do everything monyona.To our surprise there were no taxi's,no trucks, nobody but the night watchman and he was asleep."J" an I walked, by the light of the moon, to the Presidente Hotel, an woke up a taxi driver. By the time I got home I was so out of it I didn't even notice a man leaving out the back door of my house as I came in the front door. Dolores really did look surprised to see me. "Oh honey, you really scared' me." Indeed,she had broken out in a sweat, but all I cared about at the time was sleep, so I did. 

Days in the Caribi come early. Breakfast was fish, beans, rice and mixed fruit. Dolores 'said' she had waited for me the night before at her mothers house, but when I didn't show up on time she figured we weren't coming until morning so she went home to bed, as I found out later, to late,it was not to sleep. I didn't arrive home until after one AM, it was the first time I had ever been that late making an hour and a half hour crossing from Playa del Carmen to Cozumel. I didn't realize until later just how late.

Later that morning, at the docks in Caleta, "C" had already loaded my produce on a truck and somehow I had lost one sack of oranges. I pointed that out to the driver as I paid him to deliver everything to the restaurant. As the truck pulled out "C" pulled me aside. ""P", come with me, I have something I want you to see."

"C" took me down below to the bilge where slush, and gunk, mixed with sea water, gathers. It was unblievably clean. In the engine compartment the motor was clean as new. "Don "P", because
the motor stopped working last night I checked it this morning, and I can't believe what I see." "Its bad?" I asked. "No "P", it's all like new! the battery is charged it could explode, blow up! 'Another thing my cigarettes, coffee, an sugar, are all gone." 

We stood in the cabin mystified, then it suddenly dawned us. 'The lights at night under the boat.' I hadn't even thought about them after "J" an I left the boat last night. No, by god it was this

morning. 'One AM' in the morning? Wait a minute, if we left Playa del Carmen at six thirty, or seven, on a one 1/2 or two hour boat crossing then what the? "Sometink no es bueno Don "P"," was "C"s understatement. 

There was something like 4-5 hours missing from last night. Why didn't I think to tell Dolores about the lights this morning at breakfast? It was almost like it never happened, but it did, 
didn't it? "C" thought he had dreamt it. Then we both recalled when "J" an I said there were two lights moving out, that's when "C" had said "No, son tres "P", uno en la medea." Slowly our recall of the lights at night came back to us, but it came in small flashbacks, inbits an pieces.

The same was true with "J", at first he thought he had dreamt it. Then, in flashbacks, together we tried to jolt our memory's of the night before. Why were there no taxi's when we arrived last night? It couldn't have been one o'clock in the morning when we docked, but it was. The moon wasn't up when we lift but when we docked it was over head, no, no by god it was over head when I laid down on the oranges after the lights under the boat. 

It would have taken day's to clean the bilge an motor, but never that clean, and the batterys? You could jump start an electric chair with them now. "Cigaros, coffee e asugar?" "C" pondered. The beer? "J" and I drank one a piece there should be four left, if not then the cans? My missing sack of oranges? As our story got around it set off a chain reaction of story's. Everyone it seemed had a sighting to talk about, if not their own sighting then one that had been told to them by family or friends. Our story was now added to the long list in the chain letter of tails to be told when its story telling time about the night lights of Tulum. 

The Maya Gods of old built a wondrous place to hang out while they were here. We won't go there now, but when the Maya Gods left they left behind for us a time table for their return. these calculations are based on astrology and seem to coincide with the Persian Magis predictions, and many others. Notably the Bible, take your pick,Nostradamus, and the late Edgar Cayce. The year is at hand 2012-13. No one said it was the end of the world, only that---> 'I Shall Return.' And, there will be a day of reckoning. When you take a look at all that is being done with DNA these day's it could be that we are carrying our reckoning sheets around with us. Something to think about as we go about our daily routine.

I've lived twenty five years in the Caribi hearing these tails of incounters. Many of them witnessed by two or more people, up to whole family's an villages. In Punta Allen, south of Tulum, where our Tio Manuel Mendoza lived out his life as lighthouse keeper, you could sit until the Ron a.k.a. Rum, runs dry and never hear the same story twice about UFO's. And most would be first hand accounts with a few sightings in the water. 

Tio Manuel, over the years, began to notice a pattern in the times some of these sightings would take place. Tio, would take me to the lighthouse so I could watch the night lights as they 
waltz across the heavens at night. I've seen so many UFOs now that I've lost count. All but one, in Texas, were in Mexico, but by fare there are more sightings in Punta Allen both in an out of the water than any place I have ever found, or heard of. 

Tio Manuel, an I, became experts at spotting the true UFOs from phony sightings like airplane lights at night, airplanes without lights are smugglers, birds migrating at night can fool you too. Tio an I discovered one regular night light at Tulum that I personally used to play tricks on the tourist, and friends. 
---------------------------------------------------

First, you start with story's of UFOs about an hour before the false sighting begins. Story's will get people looking around the heavens as the time draws near for the sighting. Then, suddenly, on the horizon, there appears what looks like a star, but it's moving.Not really fast at first, but as we look on amazed the star slowly picks up speed coming right at us. 
By the time the light reaches us it is now a full fledged UFO and its moving overhead at exactly 17,500 mph. Que paso? you ask. (what's happening) How do I know its going exactly that fast? Its a satellite that's how. As you first see the satellite on the horizon it appears to be moving slow, but as it draws near the speed appears to increase. By the time it arcs overhead you can see how fast the satellite is really moving. Everyone is so thrilled to have seen a UFO, or 'Night Light Of Tulum,' that they are now dancing with the excitement.

There are 'true' sightings to be seen both in and out of the water between Xcaret, Tulum & Punta Allen. I'm trying to start a UFO a club here. So many sightings in an out of the water, here, so close to the infamus Bermuda Triangle fables. I'm 75, been living in Mexico over 40 years, first as a smuggler, I made it, then lost it, as a tour guide I found a whole new world 
that came from a-fare. Spend a week with me, on tour of the Maya Ruins, and I'll show you a UFO, hopfully a real one.
-------------------------------------------------
