{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-31 23:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547462","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16438","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/462/mufon-5547462.json","updb_database_id":5547462}
3 objects of unknown origin, 2 military fighters, 2 military helicopters.

As a boy I was raised in the United States Air Force, and growing up for those 18 years inside the military had placed me in stations that defy common knowledge, as well as having served my own tour 1 so there aren1t any man-made craft - ground, air or otherwise, which I am not very familiar with.

DATE/TIME:		December 31st, 2005, starting at approximately 2400 hours (12:00 midnight EST, New Year1s early morning 2006)

LOCATION:		East central Florida, United States, on the Atlantic Ocean and within relatively close proximity to the Space Coast, NASA, and launch central.

It was at this time I found myself spending some time out in an isolated county operated campground in east central Florida. During this time, the weather was very mild and comfortable. Being late December here on the southeast coast, the atmosphere was completely still and clear, and offered an incredible view of the night sky, practically unphased by local lighting.

The late evenings here with these crisp clear night skies, make it very easy to pinpoint any movement from satellites, high flying aircraft, or even the space station if it was within your latitude at the time. I especially look for extremely high-altitude military aircraft, whose height, course and speeds are unmistakable.

It was approximately at the time mentioned above that I began to notice the absence of aircraft, all of them, everywhere and in every direction. I found this puzzling at that moment as in this part of the world private and commercial aircraft are constantly in motion in all directions, and at all hours of the day and night.

I was casually viewing to a south easterly direction upwards of about 40-50 degrees when I noticed a movement in an otherwise standstill sky. It appeared in the exact direction I was looking. A bright spot, very high up, maybe even at the upper reaches of the atmosphere. It moved in a straight line downward from its upper position of appearance (from my perspective), not varying at any angle whatsoever, and appeared not having what one would expect to be a reentry burn if indeed it was reentering the atmosphere. The motion was emphatically too slow for its altitude and course. I discounted the possibility of a reentry vehicle at this moment as the speed and lack of burn plume was inconsistent with such.

I visually followed this object in its path for about 10 to 15 seconds until it appeared to come to a halt. It was still situated fairly high up (in altitude) but did not move any further in any direction. In fact, it did not move at all. It remained completely stationary in its current position and altitude. Its brightness remained constant, so its position point of reference could be maintained.

Suddenly (within about 5 seconds) there appeared a second spot of equally bright light in relative close proximity to the original though at about a 35 degree retrograde angle towards the east in regards to altitude and position. This second object though was not stationary. It began to move at a rapid pace in smooth arcs of varying degrees and in varying directions. I am almost afraid to say that the movements of this second object were not possible, given the altitude, speed, directional changes, and apparent proximity to the original object, it was almost a dance of light.

Almost as suddenly as this second object appeared it too halted dead in its position and altitude, at about the original position which it appeared. I would approximate the time frame of original appearance of the second object to this stationary position as about 10-20 seconds.

It was at this point that what happened next will require considerably more detail in order to make sure this is clear.

There appeared an intensely bright object, of a brightness magnitude 5 to 10 times greater than the original two objects, and which appeared to come from out of or below the second object. It slowly appeared to fall to earth with slowly increasing speed and in a trajectory which would have placed it directly off the coast and somewhat south from my current position. This motion seemed free fall in nature, though may have been powered flight. It maintained a consistent brightness the entire way down before it disappeared beyond the trees that obscured any view of where it may have impacted, though I suspect its impact point would place it well into the Atlantic Ocean, probably several considerable miles off the coast. There was no vapor trail or burn plume. The two original objects remained without moving in their current positions. I think the key here is the 1without moving1 part.

The time frame of the third object descent from the second object to surface would be roughly 10-15 seconds.

Within about 5 to 10 seconds after the third object had disappeared behind the trees, there now appeared two United States military aircraft at afterburner speed and tree top level which came directly past my position in a direct course towards the apparent point of impact of the third object. These fighter aircraft came from a due west position from where I was standing. They too disappeared past the tree line heading in that easterly course.

Within about 10 to 15 seconds of the disappearance of the jet aircraft, there came (as near as I can recall) two military helicopters from the due north which were at approximately 500 feet altitude and changed course once they reached the same course position of the aircraft and headed in the same easterly direction.

Once the two choppers had likewise disappeared beyond the tree line, and after approximately 10 to 15 seconds the two original objects maintaining their fixed positions still to this point began to slowly move in unison and gaining speed upwards and outwards from the atmosphere until they disappeared into what I can only guess is the night shadow of the earth. Their course upwards was likewise a straight line.

Remaining in my current position throughout the entire night and into the next day, I never saw any of the military aircraft return.

(1)	If these United States military aircraft were actually ordered to this event, then someone somewhere knows why;

(2)	If statement (1) is true, then the event itself was 1known1 in advance. Taking into consideration originating base of operations, flight time, and speed, it is very unlikely that these aircraft were 1already on some mission which coincided with this event1;

(3)	If statement (2) is true, then one can only surmise that the United States, and ergo the United States military are fully aware of what transpired before, during and after this event.

In the following days, weeks and months, I combed the local newspapers and a myriad of internet sources for any word of possible naval activity off the east coast of Florida. Not even so much as a transient or vague offer of a recovery mission or exercise could be found. 

I very casually asked a few friends who fished the local seas if they knew of or saw any naval vessels or unknown or unfamiliar ships out towards the horizon during this time, to which none were ever reported. 

In conclusion, I personally found this entire 1show1 as a Happy New Year gesture, though admittedly not quite the New York Times Square ball drop version. 

Cheers.
