{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-26 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493623","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65889","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/623/mufon-5493623.json","updb_database_id":5493623}
{dr}Object(s) Flying Into Mothership?

My observations of the craft or crafts lasted 40 minutes from 10:50PM when first craft was observed to 11:29PM when the last one was observed. The first craft came out of the east and appeared as a dim light which got brighter at certain times. I observed the first craft for approximately 5 minutes, from 10:50 till 10:55PM watching it go north but then came back around moving in a southerly direction. All of a sudden it made a maneuver of moving westward but climbing at the same time to right under the cloud ceiling hovering a bit before disappearing into the clouds. There was intense lightning happening where I observed this craft at the same time, with huge bolts coming down from the clouds . . . but also the web like lightning that flashes across the clouds too all across the sky since we were having intense thunderstorms, with rain and wind that night. I thought it was over at that time but then another light appeared almost in the same spot and did the same maneuvers as the first craft which I observed at 11:07PM but lasted less time until 11:09PM. It actually went right to the same place as the one before it did and it hovered just slightly before disappearing up into the clouds. Right before the second one came into view, I observed a fluttering very bright light down at a building that is on the ground level. I thought to myself what could that be! It appeared to be some kind of flapping bright light, like a fairy type winged creature. It was way too large to be a moth and I have never seen a glowing bright bird or bat before. I have not seen anything like that under that building ever before either. I observed this creature for only 5 or maybe 10 seconds staring at 11:06PM right before my second sighting of 11:07PM. The third sighting came at 11:15PM to 11:17 PM and the craft made the same moves coming from the same direction as the others. The fourth and last craft i saw appeared at 11:29PM to 11:32 PM came from the east but this time came towards me moving westward and up to the clouds without going north or moving around. It appeared larger than the other ones and either emitted some beam of light or was being pulled up by a beam of light. I believe it was the former of the two and not the latter. I also believe there was a mothership above the clouds because of these maneuvers but just the intensity of the lightning. I had the sensation and feeling that it was right above me. Note also that I live in the flight patterns of the D/FW airport. There were airliners taking off but these planes were being directed to BANK to the left getting away from the lightning storms or even maybe being directed away from the mothership itself. This is just my feeling but I had not seen airliners bank that much to the left to go north before but this is only a guess as to why. Now either I saw 4 different craft or it was the same one going round and round making the same maneuver over and over. I have had so much contact now since 2010... I would say I have had way over 200 sightings many of which I reported here. The activity is ramping up and the messages I have received from them tells me that something HUGE is about to happen. i was told this back in 2010 but I'm being told NOW IS THE TIME. I need to get this out and I should be on your show or become more than an investigator for I feel they have contacted me for a reason and it is more than just to see them so I can report these things to you. They have burned a symbol in my brain which happened in 2011 and it means something. I need to talk with one of you "experts" and not just a field investigator. I know more than they do and time is running out! Take it for what it's worth... it's about to happen and it's NOW
