{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-06 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516623","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/623/mufon-5516623.json","updb_database_id":5516623}
(GS) Observed a small silent star-like object mover from sw to ne and dim as it went out of sight.

I was on the back deck at my home and was looking at the stars on a clear night, 8/6/12. I was looking at the patterns of the stars, I do not know the constellations but enjoy looking at the patterns. I then observed several planes traversing the sky, discernible by their flashing lights. I then observed a white dot, the size of nearby stars moving from the southwest at approx. 60 degree angle. I watched as the object moved faster than the planes but not noticeably fast, I cannot give a speed. The object moved in a straight line, then slightly changed course (horse shoe or u-shaped pattern) then continued on its straight line course. The U-shaped pattern was an arc and took the object 20-30 seconds to move. The endpoint of the pattern put it back near its original course. The object went over the roof line out of sight as my home blocked its view. 

I then went inside and informed my wife of what I had seen. We then both went out the front door and we saw the object which was traveling towards the north east. My wife commented on how it was moving and the fact that there was no flashing light comparable to the planes that were in the sky at the same time. We watched as the the object continued at the same speed. As it moved toward the north east its light dimmed to the point that we it was no longer visible, but did not appear to leave the sky.

I have observed planes with their landing lights on which can be very bright, however as the plane moves across the sky the bright landing light no longer becomes visible. This was different as the size and shape did not change for the majority of the time the object was visible. And the brightness of the light was the same intensity until the last 30 seconds or so of visibility.
