{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-12-14 01:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290623","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/623/mufon-5290623.json","updb_database_id":5290623}
Whike driving back from SF I saw a chevron pattern of lights in the distance. They were moving back and forth over the highway.

In December 1998 I was driving back from Seattle Washington on the 5 freeway headed south. I got several hours south of SF near a town called Los Banos. I was 15 miles north of a small group of businesses including a Pea Soup Andersons so I was easily able to locate the place on a map and managed to decades later confirm some details of the event. At first I noticed three lights in a chevron pattern kind of swooping slowly over the highway at maybe a 1000 foot elevation. Before I continue I need to point out I'm not a commercial pilot but my father was in aviation and I grew up around airports and even refueld planes at one point so I;m very familiar with a wide range of aircraft including how they move and sound as well as the speeds they travel at. As I'm watching these oddly moving lights they seemed to shift from a chevron to a straight line and remained that way for the rest of the sighting. A few more details, it was roughly 1:30 am but I was wide awake given the fact I;m a night person and rarely get to sleep before dawn. The fact the lights were in a chevron pattern was what first caught my eye, they were three spheres of the same size, I would later see them up close and they were smallish maybe between a softball and a soccer ball. Another odd thing was they were all white with no colored or blinking lights at all. As I watched after 5 to 10 minutes as I got closer the lights left the developed spot they were staying over and headed in my direction. Due to the roof of the truck from here on out I rarely saw the craft but when I did it was close. The craft had circled around and started to do a maneuver that would have been called a touch and go where you get low to the ground as if coming in for a landing. This is where things take a bizarre twist because it was doing this move next to the highway within 25' of me and within a few feet of a fence and there was no lights in the area so the three sphere provided what light there was. They got within 2' to 3' of the ground and lit up the ground so it was clearly visible. This is the first time I noticed there was no craft visible. I can;t be sure there was a craft but the three lights appeared to be attached to something that was either black or not visible. At no time did I see anything but lights. It should have been impossible for the craft to be that low given any propellers would hit the ground. Also there was no sound and any craft would have been quite loud at that distance. Another detail the three lights were evenly spaced and maybe 25' across but I'd say give or take 5'. It was hard to judge size but it was roughly the size of a small plane so I kept trying to convince myself that's what it was but the pilot would have had to have been insane. The touch and go move should have been fatal and it got worse. As it did the touch and go it disappeared behind me given it was headed in the opposite direction. If that's all that happened I would have written off the whole thing. I went under two overpasses during the sighting and right after I went under the second one and was within a few miles of the settlement up ahead the three lights suddenly crossed in front of me. The lowest light was maybe 15' in the air and 15' in front of my truck. I actually could only see the first light until I stuck my head up over the dash so I could look up and saw the other two. Here are the problems. First, I heard no sound in spite of being no more than 15' away at the closest point. When I looked up I saw no craft or cockpit lights. Another detail that scared me the most, it was doing a move you'd call a wing over. It was up on a knife edge 15' off the ground, at the time it was hard to judge speed but it was moving very slow and guessed it had to have been 35mph which would have made it impossible to stay airborne. I was terrified the fool was going to drop the plane on the road in font of me killing both of us. I was still trying to convince myself it was a plane. I knew the distance it covered and how long it took so recently I entered the numbers in a calculator and found to my shock it was going no more that 15 miles an hour, even a helicopter couldn't stay airborne at that speed and that angle. It's simply not possible. All I could think about at the time was getting away from this crazy pilot so I never stopped or looked back. It was only after I calmed down that I realized how strange it all was. The joke is I grew up on UFOs but I had recently found out enough about a couple of famous sightings that I now consider hoaxes that I was trying to convince myself it was something normal. The reason I;m reporting it after all these years is what I saw was more striking than the vast majority of reports I do see. It was a close up sighting of a craft doing impossible things. Hard to get much closer than 15' without touching it. I was just doing some screen captures of the location when I remembered another impossible detail, there were power lines in the area and twice the craft was dangerously close to power lines. As a matter of fact when it did the touch and go it would seem impossible that it avoided the power lines unless it could climb at a slow speed at an angle well above the stall point of any aircraft I know. You can also see if you look at the photos the fence next to the highway. The touch and go move was over the dirt path on the other side of the fence so you can see how close it had to be to the fence, no more than a couple of feet.

A few details about me, I'm 59 and an artist. I would have been in my late 30s when it happened. As an artist I'm a trained observer and constantly look for details. It's why I looked for blue and red lights as well as looking up through the window of the truck because I was trying to see instrument lights in the cockpit. I was close enough I should have been able to see instrument lights let alone the surface of the craft and hear some kind of sound. At 15' a small aircraft engine is deafening but I heard nothing but road noises. Let's put it this way, if it had been an airplane and daylight I could have practically seen the pilot's eye color yet I saw nothing but lights. I couldn't see if it was blocking stars due to traffic lights making me night blind to something as faint as stars.

I did send in a report to Unknown Country, Whitely Strieber's web site, but never got a response. If he keeps records that far back he probably has the report although it might have been tossed. Sadly I didn't think to contact Mufon. I do remember most details clearly and managed to prove it to myself by finding the location again and how perfectly it matched my memories. I'm only reporting it now because over the years I came to realize I had one of the more dramatic encounters that didn't involve seeing actual aliens. I know aircraft and I'm a bit of a science geek and I can tell you what I saw was impossible. I believe it was a craft instead of just lights because they never changed the distance between them. I assumed when it was happening it was military because of the variable geometry. That said variable geometry is used at high speeds. My guess is when it was making the swooping moves it was going maybe 60 mph. I would say the speed varied from 15 mph, mostly 60 to 75 mph but to cover the distances it did at times it had to be traveling twice the 65 mph I was going. I'm a believer turned skeptic but I will stand by what I saw. I've maybe told half a dozen people over the years. Another detail, it happened on the 5 freeway north of exit 407 maybe a 15 miles north of the Pea Soup Andersons and within say 2 miles the last time I saw it. I'd say it happened over a 12 to 15 minute time period.

Some final details on me personally. I've never been abducted by aliens and don't really believe in it for good reason. I suffered no loss of time. I years later realized either it targeted me or it was just a coincidence because it only got close to my truck as near as I could tell other than the two times it got close to me it stayed well above the road. There's nothing special about me so I have to believe it was a coincidence but it was looking over my truck for some reason. Who knows. I've never been hypnotized and I doubt it would work on me anyway. I tend to doubt testimony under hypnosis anyway, too close to dream state. Nothing else would likely come out anyway. The close up parts were brief but dramatic.

Feel free to contact me if you have any questions but I doubt I can contribute much more. I believe people are seeing things and I believe I saw something unexplainable. I just haven't a clue what we are seeing. I just realized I can give you the Google Maps address if you're interested. This is within feet of where it did the knife edge move and is the location the photo composite if from.

[removed link]
