{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-17 17:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496623","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62769","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/623/mufon-5496623.json","updb_database_id":5496623}
{rjl} Object look like a new grouping of stars in the evening sky, but was not.

On 01/17/2015 at exactly 5:09 pm. I observed an object in the evening sky. I was driving home from Chicago IL to Bloomington IL with my daughter. As I was driving down I-55 I had notice the object. I thought it was a airplane at first, however, the more I drove down the high way more I notice that the object looked like it was in a kind of orbit. I started to notice that the object remained on the right side of the road as I was driving by Plainfield IL. When I would bank the car left or right as the road would direct was the only time the object would appear that it move. If I went left the more the object would remain to my right. If I turn right or veer right the more the object would appear it was moving left. As I passed Kankakee IL the object was to my southwest at my 1 or 2 o'clock. The object was very high in the shy. At his point I could notice that the lights did not blink. The light's sort of shimmered every now and then. The did not blink like an airplane. I know the difference. I am an retired Marine and I spent my time in service in aviation management as an aviation supply chain specialist. I asked my daughter who is 19 years old if she thought the lights were blinking and she said no. Although she said she could barely make out the object and really wasn't paying attention. I thought the closer I got to getting home I could catch up to the object if it remained stationary. That is when I realized it was not stationary It was veering off the h south west. Not fast, but faster than I could catch up to it. When I got close to Bloomington Il, about 36 miles out. I notice that it was lower on the horizon more like 3 or 4 o'clock and it was further away. It was like it was in orbit, but not so far it could have been a star. I know this because there was a star in the distance that appeared to be low in the sky and very faint. Star became more visible as the evening turned to night. By the time we got home I could barely see the object in the night sky.
