{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-10 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462623","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98353","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/623/mufon-5462623.json","updb_database_id":5462623}
{jpg} Triangular object with a red light at each vertex and a bright, white light in the center. Strong white beam on my car as I passed under.

In May, 2013, I traveled Hwy 13 as a back road linking Helena, Alabama to Tuscaloosa. I observed the same triangular object referenced above on two occasions, two nights apart, around 7:00 p.m. while traveling the rural road. The first time I saw the object, it shifted directions toward my car, but it did not approach closer than several miles away and around an estimated 10,000 ft. in altitude. On that night, I was traveling on Hwy 13 from Tuscaloosa back toward Helena. The second night, something interesting happened. 

I was headed on Hwy 13 toward Tuscaloosa and observed the same object angling toward me from the SE, initially at the same altitude (approximately 10,000 ft.). I was behind a white sedan and observed that the triangular object was coming closer--on an intercept path. Thick woods lined both sides of the highway with just enough clearing between the trees to catch glimpses of the approaching object. 

Around half way from Helena and Green Pond, Alabama, a thick wall of pine trees lined both sides of the highway like a canopy before suddenly opening up to a clearing with large fields, sporadic street lights, and houses. (The southern flank of trees has since been cleared away.) The moment I passed from the tree canopy to the clearing, a brilliant white light lit my vehicle for approximately three to five seconds. (The white car in front of me was not targeted by this beam.) Then, as quickly as the light beam appeared, it disappeared with no trace of the object seen through my rear-view mirror. 

My car did not lose power, and I did not lose time. However, the event has stayed with me and I decided to share my story after seeing that other individuals in Alabama had observed the same object in 2013. I have seen nothing like it before or since. If nothing else, perhaps my experience can offer new insights into reports from other individuals who have seen this object.
