{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-11-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282623","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120827","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/623/mufon-5282623.json","updb_database_id":5282623}
Bright light on me. Massive silent craft hovered over us. Started to move, no sound, zipped off fast.

I was about 11 on a mule deer Hunting trip outside Wells Nevada with my dad, brother, and three family friends. We camped off the road next to a stream at the base of a mountain in a clearing surrounded by scattered trees. On the evening of the sighting it was already pitch dark and I was sitting on a log next to a campfire that we had built. There wasn’t much air movement as the smoke from the fire slowly moved upward through the trees. My dad and brother were also sitting around the fire nearby to my left. The evening was quiet, cold, without a cloud in the sky, and you could hear sound of the gentle stream and bugs making noises as they flew by. Suddenly, I noticed my arms and torso were suddenly very bright and the area around me was lit up bright. I looked at my brother and father to my left who looked a little perplexed as we tried to figure out why I was illuminated. About 30 seconds passed as I shook my arms and stared at my chest and my thighs. I stood up, my dad and brother stood up, and we looked up and a bright beam of light was shining down through the smoke and was focused on me. Nobody else. We stood back from the fire and smoke to get a better look at what was shining the light on me. When we looked up there was a massive silent aircraft hovering over our camp about 300 feet in the air. The craft itself was also estimated to be about 300 feet in length. The bright light that was on me came from the front of the craft and as we struggled to process what we were seeing, we were scared. The light followed me. After we started moving around the light moved upward through the trees and up the mountain. The craft remained hovered over our camp about another 60 seconds. The craft was well defined, made no noise, and had non flashing red, orange, and white colored lights around the edges distanced apart. As a child I described it as being shaped like an amoeba. The craft was cone shaped with rounded vertices, no windows, black in color and it blocked out the stars allowing for me to identify the shape. My dad and the other father freaked out. They and we were terrified. They actually ran to get their hunting rifles from their truck and were going to fire shots at it. My eyes were fixated on the craft the whole time. During the commotion the craft started to slowly move over the top of us, no noise, the the bright light in the front aimed up the mountain, started to move a little faster, and accelerated from over the top of us and in an instant and was gone over the top of the mountain at a speed I can’t explain. The commotion in camp remained as we tried to process what it was that we had seen. It was not a plane, a helicopter, or a blimp. It was massive, hovered, and was silent. The following day we drove to Wells Nevada and my dad and the other father met with the sheriff to file a report. We all were asked to draw a picture and explain the account. We were all taken individually into a room to give our accounts. It was reported to us by the Sheriff that we all drew the same picture and gave the same account of events. Up to this point in my life I have only told this story to close family and friends. It has remained clearly engraved in my mind since the event. It doesn’t scare me anymore. But, I felt that my account should be heard.
