{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512077","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/077/mufon-5512077.json","updb_database_id":5512077}
{dr}Two plane-like objects appeared in tandem, bright orange, pulsating, coming from the horizon, then a third behind it. Then at least 30 followed from the same point of origin. All the same size, all the same color.

As my friend and I were sitting outside on the porch, which faces south, enjoying the evening - suddenly and quickly two bright orange objects appeared coming from below the tree-line from the SSE direction. The objects were VERY close to each other and looked like planes or crafts but made no sound. They were impossible to miss because they were so low to the ground and so big. Another person walking down the street remarked what the heck is that? The objects were domed with wings - moving quickly. It appeared as though they were going to run into air traffic but didn't. There is an executive airport nearby, as well as the flight path from Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport so there was a LOT of flight traffic last night. We are accustomed to seeing routine flights, but the lighting and Red/Green wing lights are always distinctive and the overall glow from planes is white - not orange. These objects moved swiftly and silently while pulsing with flashing lights from their wings and from the body of the craft. And they were identical in color/light. We wondered if it were possible they were lumaires someone was lighting - but they definitely had flashing lights, and a pattern to their flight, and some flew faster than others. As the first two neared approx. 30 degrees in the sky another one appeared - forming a long triangle. The flight pattern remained as we watched the first two go overhead and over the house - and disappear. The third did the same thing. As we watched, another orange craft appeared from the horizon from the exact same point of origin. It did the same thing: got to about 120 degrees and then disappeared. We were shocked, but felt elated to be witnessing something so amazing! My friend used his phone to capture still shots, I used my phone to get video. Then I grabbed my iPad and shot some video. (BTW the noises heard in the iPad video are the leather case and cover that Im attempting to keep out of the camera view. When you listen youll know what I mean....ha) Another and another - they kept coming for at least an hour and a half, regularly spaced a single object at a time, or two at a time. After the first few, some began to change course, veering more west, and some veering more east running more parallel with the beach. We knew they werent anything we had ever seen before, and felt sure they were not of earth origin...unless they were some new craft. Totally silent. And able to "cloak". As we followed the objects we saw them begin to change or alter their appearance, to a soft glowing transparent sphere which kept moving at the same speed until they were no longer visible. The sky was totally clear, and we could easily see all the stars and visible galaxies. They all began from the same point, and all followed the identical path until getting to about 35 degrees above the horizon. Most seemed to be on a path that led them along the same location as Orion, only lower. Then shortly after rising to about 70 - some to 120 degrees (as we turned around to watch them - they morphed into the pulsating spheres and we could see the glowing sphere still moving until it too disappeared from sight. We noticed that one of them that headed NW turned a soft undulating wispy object. We could see through it to what appeared to be particles inside. As we watched more and more continued to come from the same spot. All headed straight towards us, some went right over head and some veered off either to the right or left. We lost count there were so many. There were so many that we began laughing as another and another appeared. Some appeared quickly following the others, moving very fast. As the night went on - the appearances slowed and the objects speed slowed down, some stopping before changing path and moving on to either the NE or NW. By 11:30 no more appeared (to our knowledge. We both felt that we had seen space ships - but would appreciate confirmation and/or analysis of the video from other observers or experts. When we looked at the pictures - we noticed that they do not capture the orange light! When I figure out how to send the videos from my phone, I will add these as well.
