{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-02 01:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499077","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/077/mufon-5499077.json","updb_database_id":5499077}
Light beam of ufo captured on hunting camera

Hello, i speak french (sorry for my bad English) and i live in Saint-Georges Beauce, Qu1bec, Canada and i have a video of a light beam from ufo on my hunting camera in the wood i put this camera to Watch my camper from thief or capting some intersting image and i was surprise to see this awesome video of ufo light beam i'm so happy to have this great video :) now all of my family and friends believes me.

I can see a beam and over my camper in the woods frem my hunting camera its the ufo scanning my camper in the wood i see the cercle of the beam doesnt change his shape when its coming on the top of my camper and i see some hole in the circle light beam very strange too and i see some light verticaly coming in the front of the camera sometimes and i think its the ufo turning slowly over my hunting camera glasses and the light near the ufo appears in the front of the camera and this is what i think it was the verticaly light.

My hunting camera start when something hot like humain or animals pass near the sensor of my camera so i think the beam was hot and solid.

I have many photos of ufo and you have 2 photos from me of ufo triangle and cercle i send you in 2009 (Larry) i have other ufo photos at this time but this video is awesome and i have seen Humanoid Alien too and i was on the alien planet in 1984 very impressive experience.

I dont want you to show my video on internet or youtube... at this moment please.

If you (MUFON) need to ask me more question contact me!

Keep my personal information secret please.

I have some photo from day and a codec to see the video clearely.

Thank you!

Larry
