{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-17 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487077","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72601","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/077/mufon-5487077.json","updb_database_id":5487077}
{cak} Over the course of 35 minutes, from multiple locations I observed + recorded strange lights over D.C.

I was commuting home from my office in Arlington VA on the Mt. Vernon Trail, when around Gravelly Point I noticed some strange white(ish) lights in the sky. I lost sight behind the trees, and although they seemed strange, thought that they might be spotlights, or something related to the airport (DCA). As I approached the 14th Street Bridge and was getting to the turnoff, I saw the objects again, quickly before changing direction on the trail. As I got up onto the bridge, and was crossing it, I was observing them; they seemed to be moving in a very strange pattern, over the Potomac - moving somewhat slowly in every sort of direction, but seemingly coming from and ending at the center, although they would seemingly die out at random points too (I was on a bike though, so full attention wasn't being given to them). At this point I was thinking more of it, but still thinking that it might be spotlights, coming from the Kennedy Center; however, as I moved along this seemed less feasible progressively. By the time I got off the bridge and was at the Jefferson Memorial, I could observe the lights over the Tidal Basin, and this is when it hit me that this was something quite strange. 

As I got to the bridge on Ohio drive that overlooks the Tidal Basin, I got off my bike and started to film the object. Which came closer to me, getting above the trees at the closest point. I took 2 videos at this point (looking at the times, I was there for about 5 minutes watching this thing), both have strange noise in the background, however I had headphones in, so can't speak to what the noise was; I'm sure that the two louder noises in the first video are a car and airplane, respectively; I remember that it was windy so the other noise might have been attributable to that. I got kind of scared because I felt like they coming towards me, and got back on my bike and started riding.

As I rode along Ohio drive, the lights were moving in the same direction that I was, seemingly over the FDR Memorial and West Potomac Park. Near the baseball field I got off my bike and started videotaping them again; them seemed to be right over Independence Avenue. There were people right next to me, and I got kind of embarrassed taping this phenomenon, thinking that them might be something totally normal, and decided to keep riding. 

I kept seeing the lights, which seemed to go from approximately Independence Ave at the Korean War Memorial to behind the Lincoln Memorial, where the Memorial Bridge begins, then heading northeast, to the northern side of the Lincoln Memorial. As I was on the southern side of the memorial, I recorded them to the north. This was the point that I was certain that I was observing something quite extraordinary. As I rode to the north, I stopped again on the northern side of the memorial and took another video, this time the lights were right over the park/grass bounded by 23rd St., Constitution Ave., and Rock Creek Parkway. 

I got back on my bike and kept riding, and lost sight of the lights with all of the trees and buildings around. By the time I was going up 21st street, I could see them again, this time, in the direction of the State Department, although further away. As I got to my building, I could see the lights in the sky, and I knew that I had to go up to my rooftop to try to get some good video. I put my bike away in my apartment and rushed up as quickly as I could, noticing that my battery was on (!) indicator, meaning I had barely any left. As I got on the roof, lo and behold I could see the lights quite clearly, and close by, I would say within 3 blocks of my location. I started taping it and observing it, but it was moving towards me. I got really scared and kept recording for a few seconds, but then couldn't take it any longer, thinking it was coming at me (which was probably ridiculous), so I ran inside and jetted for the elevator. 

I've been under a deadline for a paper so knew that I wouldn't have time to report it, therefore when I got into my apartment I printed out a map and plotted my route, and made some notes of what I saw, what time it was, and the date; I also signed it for some reason.

It hit me as an after thought, that that morning during my ride in, I'd seen a very strange helicopter in the same area as I'd witnessed the object, along the Potomac on the DC side. We have helicopters here all the time, so I see a ton (usually Obama's, or standard military), but this one was strange. It was moving fast and was jet black. I remember thinking at first that it had missiles on it, although as I was riding away I remember thinking that they were for aquatic landing. The helicopter could be totally unrelated, but I thought that it was worth mentioning, given the anomalous nature of it as well. 

I've been Googling ever since, thinking surely that others saw this. Can't find anything. I sort of thought I was nuts but the videos are pretty good; even showed them to people I know who can't explain what they are. 

I have 7 videos, I'm uploading the 5 best. On the videos it looks like some kind of rotating object (round) with lights coming out of the middle and moving in to the center. I distinctly remember thinking that I was witnessing a much more disorganized pattern, although do remember lights going in and out of the center. I feel I remember them moving on multiple planes, not just the one that seems to be observed on the videos. 

The videos are saved by the timestamp name given by my phone, the locations from which I filmed, in order are:

1. Bridge on Ohio Drive, overlooking Tidal Basin.
2. Bridge on Ohio Drive, overlooking Tidal Basin.
3. South side of Lincoln Memorial.
4. North side of Lincoln Memorial.
5. Rooftop of 2020 F St. NW. 

Edit - I don't feel comfortable giving MUFON exclusive copyright to the videos, so am I not uploading them. If I can give them under non-exclusive terms, I'll be glad to (don't care how you use them, but I want to have flexibility to give them to others if needed).
