{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484077","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2527,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/077/mufon-5484077.json","updb_database_id":5484077}
Looked like star. Then it grew. Became iridescent cylinder. Then left atmosphere.

Stepped onto the balcony and automatically caught my eye. It looked like a star but was bigger and closer. Instantly intrigued. Then in equal steps it started getting bigger. In about 5 equal steps it seemed to take on an actual shape. Suddenly I was staring at an iridescent cylinder shaped object, mouth open, in complete awe and disbelief. It was made of light, purple, dark green in colour. Then, just as it had grown in equal steps, up to the size of about a quarter moon, it began decreasing in size also in equal steps, about 5 again. My first thought when it began getting smaller was NO!!!. When it finally disappeared into the black sky, I could decipher that that was far away and when it was at its biggest, I would say it was definitely in our atmosphere. I began crying because I was so completely stunned and didn't know what to make of it. I had just gotten off the phone with my real estate agent and had sold my condo. I was unsure if I had made the right desicion. The way I see it, whatever it was, was waiting there for me to come out on the balcony. It just kind of said "hello" and then left. I could tell it had consciousness because it changed it shape for me to view. I would spend a lot of time outside and actually consider this proof of what I would call "watchers". sad it left, if it happens again, I will be less scared and try to get it to stay, sending positive thoughts. It would consider it more of a spiritual experience than a mechanical ufo experience. It has boggled my mind ever since. We are just a small part of the galactic family. The entire experience only lasted 15-20 seconds, I kick myself for not having my phone with me. People think I'm crazy when I tell them. Lol, it will always be one of the most amazing moments of my life. I plan on going out to look for more. Like Steven Greer talks about.
