{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-09-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5479722.json","updb_database_id":5479722}
{nd} Craft hoovered motionless, making no sound.

On or about September 25, 1973, I was enrolled in a doctoral course that met from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. at Baylor University two nights a week. After class, I was driving west going home when I noticed a bright light above Lake Waco. At first, I thought it was the planet Venus; but as I continued to drive toward the Lake as I lived on the west side of town, I could the light appeared more and more to my right. So knew it wasn't but was probably a helicopter. 

Two nights later as I was driving home from class, I noticed the same light again. Since as I wasn't sure if it was a helicopter or something else, I thought I would check it out. 

Instead of going home, I drove over the bridge at Lake Waco and took the first exit to the right which led into Speegleville Park. I could see the craft was over the west side of the Lake in a stationary position with a white light pointing east. As I approached the craft, it turned off the light and started moving to the southwest. 

I could tell it was a black triangular craft. It crossed over the highway, and I decided to follow it. I got back on the highway and watched the craft cross over the highway and settled behind a clump of trees on the south side the highway. I then took the next exit and crossed over on an overpass to the area where I saw the craft go down. 

As I drove slowly past the trees, I could not the see the craft. The road curved back to east; and I pulled up about 100 yards, turned off my lights but left the engine running. 

Looking in my rear view mirror after a few moments, I saw the slowly rise from the trees and started coming toward where I was parked. It then pulled up to where I was on the other side of the fence. It turned facing me and stayed motionless, making no sound. It was on the other what appeared to a telephone line about 10 feet above it. 

I could definitely tell that the craft was black, triangular in shape, about 20 feet wide and 30 feet long. It had a cockpit with a greenish hue inside, and I could see the shadows of 3 small heads peering down at me. After about 4-5 minutes, a green light shined down on my vehicle, causing the engine to die. I tried to restart it to no avail. I tried turning on my lights and then the radio; but nothing worked. Getting nervous, I locked my doors. 

I sat there a good 15-20 minutes, trying every 2-3 minutes to start my engine. Finally, the engine turned over, and I drove down the road about another 100 yards where I turned on my lights and turned around. 

As I drove past the craft on my left, it hadn't moved. When I got back on the highway heading east, I could see it was still there. 

About 3 years later, I saw what appeared to be the same craft above the lights at the south end of the La Vega football field, apparently observing a football game. My family and I were headed toward my wife's family for dinner. And I wanted to drive over and show her what I had seen years earlier; but she didn't want to go. 

Having served two years in AF ROTC and two years in the US Army with a Top Secret Clearance, I can say without any doubt that this craft was not one of ours.
