{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-04 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5484722.json","updb_database_id":5484722}
OCCURED around 2010-2012 exactly at 2am or at least a few mins to or after 2am.

Right lets get this straight. at first. The first time I heard the humming noises. I dismissed it as a plane, quite quickly or a helicopter circling the area, like what aircraft do while they wait to land at an airport. I know Manchester airport, isn't so far away from here. (I hope that is okay to put)  What made me first notice this object? , humming noise, it was making me really curious as to what it is, it sounded a bit unfamiliar. I had an urge , overwhelming urge to go out and look, when I did. I was paralyzed. Not with fear though. Shock. Still this very day, I am trying to understand what I actually saw, Military top secret craft? maybe an hallucination? I was skeptical for a while till I DISCOVERED other people have seen similar or same thing as I all over the world. Not just here where I am. I recently (2016) looked at MUFON map website, noticed, that in my area, someone else has witnessed a UFO sightings around 2012. Which MAY be linked to my own case. 
I have done my absolute best to make sure that my memories are accurate as possible. Making sure I am not mixing my memories with something else like associating it with a dream but I know.For a fact. I was NOT dreaming. 

It was actually an AMAZING experience. It's crazy to even say this but I saw a triangular UFO outside in the front garden, very low in the sky, flying around the houses, quietly....humming/slight buzzing sound coming from the craft. Now weeks/days before this, I did hear this ''humming/buzzing'' sound prior to this event. When I saw the triangular UFO, it was shining this red beam of light/dark red laser. more than one beam of light, like it was searching the area for something. I don't know. Right before this experience I was on my laptop, after watching a video which made me feel ''spiritually '' enlightened. I felt amazing. I was meditating as well. I have the strong desire to lift humanity upwards. Unfortunately I just don't know how. I had goosebumps whilst watching a video on YouTube, now I don't know exactly what it was. I don't seem to remember about that. But when I saw the U.F.O it did HOVER! Like didn't fall or moved it just stayed there. 30ft or more above the ground, just above the height of my house, but I could see inside the cockpit, it was white, really bright inside but I could SEE humanoid figures inside the craft. It was a black looking craft on the outside with long small windows at the front to allow their pilots to see. You know. I didn't feel scared at all...just LOVE. Paralyzed. I could NOT MOVE. I wanted to, so I can take a picture or record at least but I was in the front 

I remember first seeing it, it was going around and searching the area, I saw 'laser lights' dark red. it was quietish but can still hear humming. I heard these same noises for weeks prior to the event but thought nothing of it

I am not too sure if it happened in 2011/2012 but I definitely have experienced this and now 2016, I can remember it still. This sort of thing will never go away.I am lucky to experience this. 

I have attached a file below. a pdf file. It does say 2010/2011 , in all honestly. I actually don't remember the exact year but I do know for sure it happened to me. 

I give you a great detail what I have encountered but alien and ufo encounters.

All of this has affected me psychologically, made me fall into a deep depression, I was experiencing this ,also verbal and physical bullying when I was at school, I am afraid of ridicule. My family are skeptical and they're not as open minded as MUFON and other agencies are. For years I have felt alone but also at the same time, excited. I have contacted an alien being, a light being in the past. I wish to see her again, this time, without being afraid, it was a shock to me.  

Feel free to review this case and my have a look at my synopsis. It goes into more depth. 
I remember soon after it went. I could move. I was shocked, felt love. I had tears in my eyes. I was also a little bit annoyed, nervy. That I did NOT tell anyone straight away, I could NOT move I wish I did, but I kept it to myself. I felt sick, depressed. months after, couldn't sleep but it settled down over the years, but every time I recall that memory. I get a headache, I see a vision of me standing there, seeing this amazing craft.

It is definitely something going on.
