{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-13 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5454722.json","updb_database_id":5454722}
{jpg} Star-like object followed my vehicle.

Observed two ufo’s on same night. Was heading out in my vehicle around 10pm and noticed in the sky that there was an extremely bright star. It was so oddly bright that and not too far away that I kept my eye on it for a bit and quickly noticed it started to move in the same direction as my vehicle was headed. The light didn’t blink like an airplane and it didn’t move like one either. When I ended up stopping at an intersection it stopped too. It was completely still each time I stopped my vehicle and made no sound because I put my windows down to see if I could hear anything. I then started moving again and it did also. It went in the same direction as my vehicle and once I made it to the grocery store it stopped moving when I parked the care. It was pretty far away from my vehicle yet it was so bright and obvious that I knew it was something out of the ordinary. I sat in my car for a while and just watched it from inside my car. At that point it was just hovering in the same spot, no movement, no sound but extremely bright, brighter than any star in the sky that night. It was big too. An oversized star is a good way of describing it. It was yellowish, orange. It was shining and sort of sparkling in a way. I finally decided to go into the store because it hadn’t moved at that point ever since I parked my car. Then as I got out of my car and started walking into the store it started gliding in the same direction I was walking and slowly disappeared from my view behind the top of the store. Strange for sure. Then I left the grocery store after my shopping and it was gone. I drove home and when I was taking my groceries out of the car I noticed a similar bright light in the sky but this one didn’t move at all. It was a different color than the first one I had seen that night. This one was blinking red blue green and white. I watched it for a good twenty minutes or so with my binoculars but then I started to get a creepy feeling and ran inside and locked my front door. Very strange I will say. Never saw anything like it in my life.
