{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-06-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5468722.json","updb_database_id":5468722}
{td} Must have been in small craft being taken to larger craft. Was little girl

I remember the moment I became self-aware. I was in my crib. I was annoyed that I couldn't operate my body.  There were two beings standing next to my crib. They weren't my parents. I could hear them talking in my mind. The one, a female apparently wasn't my biggest fan however the male wouldn't let her approach me - something about my helpless state.

When I was 3 years old (1961-1963 timeframe) was taken to a massive ship (oval).  New York (southern tier) - Was at a neighbor's farm and got yelled at by owner because I tracked mud in her house. My mom was in the bathroom. I walked out of the house and headed through the pasture to our farm about a half a mile away.  Too young to be afraid. Was taken to a massive UFO.  Probably could fit 20 football fields in it (in retrospect).  Curious mechanical arms out the back that held a circular, metallic looking object that had blue, translucent light in it.  Smaller crafts to the front of the ship. Telepathy - Kept telling me something about sand and blue light.

Numerous paranormal experiences as a young child and through my teenage years. Some witnessed by two friends. Family dog also reacted by howling. 

As a young adult, prior to the birth of my daughter, I saw a robotic, astronaut type thing de-materialize in my room. Then a long formula flashed in my head.  I can't recall the formula. I was in my early twenties at that time.

Another ghost - Long lasting. I thought it was an old person that escaped from the local nursing home. He walked into my bedroom, sat down in a rocking chair and looked at me.  I asked him several times if I could help him and where he was from.  I wasn't afraid and assumed I could subdue him if needed. He was very old. Had white hair, wrinkles, wearing thick seamed blue jeans and a blue t-shirt and work boots.  When he didn't respond, I decided to get my brother up then I noticed that I could see through the old guy. At that point I realized it was just another ghost so I got up, went to the bathroom, and went back to sleep. 
 

When I was about 20, my husband and I saw a bright light (that's an understatement)- Delaware (1978 - 1980 timeframe.  Lost some time. Light so bright that everything in the room was colorless.

Have frequent headaches, sensitive to light. Very strong link to animals, bugs, birds. Very strong link!

Not afraid or bothered by any of this.  All started when I was a little girl so I didn't realize these things were unique until I was older.  Father was an engineer. Possibly did some work for NASA (1960s - 1970s) May have contributed to the design of the guidance system for one of the Apollo ships. Like most children, I didn't ask my parents enough about their lives now it's too late.
