{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-17 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2919,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5493722.json","updb_database_id":5493722}
{rjl} entity was in my bedroom. The entity paralyzed me upon me turning and seeing it.

This occurred in my bedroom.I was in bed watching television.It was almost 1130 pm. My bedroom door was closed,i had my window was open about afoot or so.My bed was a couple of feet from the window.My t.v.is on my dresser directly at the foot of my bed. A couple of feet off.I have a couple of night stands on each side of my head board.My clock and my light with my remote next to me.With my light on i reached over to pick up the remote and turn off the t.v.Has i turned and point i saw this being in the room with me just to my left ay the bottom of my bed. At that instance i went to push forward and grab this thing and it paralyzed me, it knocked me back into the bed at this moment i put up my left hand. I wear an expensive watch, i always sleep with it on. I was fighting to stay up ,and on the verge of blacking out, and i remember saying do not touch my watch, do not touch my watch. I was still trying get this thing. What i was saying was mentally not verbally.At that point my arm was lifted up. and a circular yellowish white light in a circular inch and half thick irratic electric type of energy took mt watch off and i fell totally back into a fetal position. I rocked in this position just fighting to stay awake and my whole body was being paralyzed.My next memory was this thing standing over me on my right bending over me looking at me at that moment i opened my eyes for a moment, and i remember with excellent memory, and detail what i was looking at. That is what i remember.The being had very tight snake skin. A yellow dominate with white , and black accent colors,a snout,with snake eyes. I woke up around 845 am the morning, has i popped up my watch was off, and stacked up on my night stand next to mt alarm clock, and it all came back to me, everything.Later i told a girl friend about this, she said to look up reptile aliens online, an the exact alien was right there.I felt violated,amazed, and a host of other emotions that i still feel to this day.A couple of weeks later i went to the hospital seeking some one to talk to and all they wanted to do was commit me.After some talking and that this was an exprience and not a state of mind i was let go. never go to the hospital for this kind of expirience.
