{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-02 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63707","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5495722.json","updb_database_id":5495722}
{dr}large bright planet like object fadded into darkness then re appeared several times

Went outside to smoke with friend at 20:15 mntn time. While observing the eastern skies toward Phoenix I asked my friend if the bright light over the San Tan foothills was maybe Saturn or Jupiter. He said he didn't know. It was the largest and brightest object in the sky besides the moon. Upon observing the object, it faded into darkness. At that time I told my friend to look and when he did we both observed the object re appear back to its original brightness and size. It was getting brighter and then dimmer many times. Thought it was a plane heading toward us which would explain why it wasn't moving. Then my wife came outside to see what the comotion was and she observed the object and was in "awe". She kept asking what in the world is that? We all observed the object get dim and fade into darkness just leaving a vague light barley visible to the eye. Three planes flew by over the next 30 minutes but they seemed to be further off in the distance. The object did hover to its left then back to its right(slightly) and descended a bit then went back to its original position in the sky. On the outside of the object you could see a red glow but would always return to the white bright glowing light. We observed this light fade and reappear several times before eventually fading away into darkness. My friend did film it on his camera phone but the quality wasn't that good because it was off in the distance maybe a mile or two. This was the second sighting I had seen from my backyard. The first one I saw was NE direction over Williamsfeild airport about two years earlier. Light was smaller but faded in and out of view and moved in acute angels unlike anything I had ever seen. I observed that one alone so I didn't want to report it. So happy this time my wife and buddy saw the same thing I saw!
