{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-24 20:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489722","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4039,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/722/mufon-5489722.json","updb_database_id":5489722}
{jpg} Leaving work, saw a weird, disc-shaped series of lights off in the distance.

1.) I was leaving and walking to my car, which can be seen in the lower left of some of the pictures -- the silver colored Chevy Volt. 

2.) While it looked like the moon was shining through some clouds -- it was overcast that evening --, the shape of the lights caught my attention: it looked disc shaped and it didn't appear to be moving or changing shape which is what you'd expect it to do if it was the moon shinning through clouds -- as the clouds move, the moonlight shining through them should change shape too... but the shape of these lights didn't change for as long as I was observing them, which was for approximately 5 minutes.  

3.) My first thought about what I was seeing was that it was the moon shinning through some clouds, and so I fired up the star-chart app on my smartphone and sure enough the app indicated that that's approximately where the moon was. But the next night (or it could have been a couple of nights after), as I was leaving work at the same time it was a clear night and I noticed that the moon was nowhere near where I had seen the strange series of lights -- it was approximately 20 degrees up higher in the sky. In fact, upon paying closer examination to the pictures I took, you can see where the moon really was: the moon's directly above the storage building, it's in the top 1/3 of the picture and it looks like a bright dot of light (my car is in the lower left), and you can see that the disc-shaped anomaly is much lower in the sky, and from where I took the picture it appears directly above the RH side of the storage building. 

4.) From where I was standing at the entrance to RFA Engineering, looking South. The disc-shaped light anomaly didn't appear to be moving, or changing shape. I also thought it could be spotlights but as you can see, there's no spotlights shinning up at the disc-shaped anomaly. After observing it in the RFA parking lot, I wanted to try to get some pictures of it where there was less light pollution, and so I drove over to the nearby Wells Fargo and snapped a picture from the parking lot there -- the disc-shaped anomaly still had the same shape as before and didn't appear to be moving. Because my smartphone star chart app told me that that's where the moon was -- and as I already mentioned, the app was wrong (because I hadn't calibrated my phone's compass before using the app) --, I just dismissed what I was seeing as a curious play of moonlight and really slow moving clouds. But why would the moon only illuminate this one particular bank of clouds and not anything else, especially considering that the moon was so much higher up in the sky. 

5. I was intrigued, and if I hadn't dismissed it as the moon poking through the clouds I probably would have paid much closer attention to the disc-shaped anomaly, including trying to take better pictures of it, and I would have watched it for a much longer period of time. 

6.) After dismissing it as the moon poking through some clouds -- which it turns out that it couldn't have been --, I left for home.
