{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-13 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465760","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/760/mufon-5465760.json","updb_database_id":5465760}
{rjl} Dark grey sphere moving from right to left behind or in a cloud. Possibly a shadow of something.

I was visiting family in Colorado and was riding in the back seat of car with my partner and sister and brother-in-law in front seats. We were going to lunch at a restaurant in Brighton, Colorado. Suddenly, for some reason, I looked up at a particular cloud at about a 45 degree angle on our left. I don't rember any reason, no conscious thought about looking in that particular spot. Immediately I saw a perfectly round dark grey circle moving from right to left; it looked like it was in or behind the cloud. I said to the others " what is that; do you see that's? What is it?" My partner asked if I meant the plane. I said no. I knew there was a plane flying West nearby; I had seen it briefly, it looked like an ordinary passenger jet, but I was interested in the round disc so only glanced at the plane. I waited for the object to reach the edge of the cloud so I could see what it was. It disappeared at the point at which it would have emerged.
When I first saw it, I thought it looked like a shadow. Also, my first impression was of something in the cloud or behind it.
It moved smoothly and silently from right to left along the length of the cloud. It was a perfect circle dark or charcoal grey in Color.
My feelings were a heightened sense of excitement and alertness. In the year since, I have tried to figure out what it was. I've never seen anything like it before.
My theory is it was the shadow of something: perhaps a satellite or small asteroid casting a shadow on the cloud. This is reinforced by seeing three military jets flying close together a month ago and seeing how their shadow looked on a cloud as they flew above it. The reason 
I'm contacting you is to hopefully get an explanation for what I saw and to perhaps confirm my theory of a shadow. If a shadow is a reasonable explanation then that triggers more questions about what generated the shadow.
I lost sight of the object because it disappeared at the edge of the cloud.
Thanks for any ideas you can give me.
