{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-04 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485760","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/760/mufon-5485760.json","updb_database_id":5485760}
{rjl} Elongated diamond decending, white hot with contrail changing color with each pass.

I was laying on the roof of a building with a friend while we were waiting on a buddy to get out of class. My friend was walking around on the roof while I was lying down. I was staring up at the stars when I saw a bright white elongated diamond shape appear out of nowhere. 

The object looked as though it was coming through the atmosphere because it had a contrail but the color was nothing like a comet's trail; It was more of a pink color. The 'front' of it was the elongated, more acute angle (i.e. the pointier end of the diamond). It traveled a short distance in a straight line before it disappeared. (approx. 2 inches if I held my arm straight up)
The contrail seemed to be coming off of the object and disappeared just as the object did.

At this point I yelled "Holy ****! Dude did you see that?" Just as I was saying this I saw another white diamond appear in the same area of sky. This time the contrail was red/purple. The object flew perpendicular to the first object's path. It seemed a little bit bigger than the first one, but I am not sure if it was the same object a little closer or if it was a second object. This object was visible for the same amount of time (1-2 seconds) before it vanished just like the first one. 

I wanted to make sure my friend saw it, so I yelled "Look up!" and pointed towards the area as the second one was going by. By the time he looked up it had vanished. 

Then a third diamond appeared in the same area of sky! This time its path was parallel to the previous one; the flight path of all three basically made the shape of a capital 'H'. It was bright white like the others but there was no trail coming off of the object on this pass. It moved slower this time and it was much closer; I could actually see the diamond shape spin on its long axis! Again, it vanished after a couple of seconds had passed.

I asked my friend if he saw it too, he said "Yea, what the hell was that?!" (More like he yelled in a panicked tone). Of course, I had no answer for him. At this point I felt a wave of anxiety come over me and I wanted to get off of the roof as quickly as possible and go somewhere inside. So we both hurried down to the ground and went indoors. I asked him what he saw and he basically said it looked like a bright spinning arrowhead that appeared and disappeared. 

The images of them have been burned into my memory and I have reflected upon that moment quite often. I am not sure if it was the same object slowly making its way through the atmosphere or three separate objects. I am also not sure if the brightness of the object was from the heat produced by an object entering the atmosphere, but that is the only explanation I can think of; it still bugs me that the third sighting had no trail but was still bright white. I simply do not know how to rationalize it.
