{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-03 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487760","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4890,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/760/mufon-5487760.json","updb_database_id":5487760}
{jpg} There are 2events I'm reporting. The craft was seen by two of us but my friend had actual contact

1) visual and physical encounter:
My friend (a very well respected physicist) and I were camping, target shooting during the day, hiking, 4x4ing, etc in a specific area of our mountains. The time of the encounter was around 3pm when my friend first spotted the object and although my friend mentioned that the craft was not a helicopter, as I thought, but was something "very different". It didn't get close enough to see it very well and left VERY quickly. I asked my friend about it and he and I began talking about UFO's and such but basically let it go. At least I did. Later I saw my friend doing his "meditation thing" and told him to knock it off because he was freaking me out. Around 1am or so. I actually woke up due to a noise. It was a humming or pulsating type of noise but very low. I woke my friend up and he immediately went from his tent and stood where he could see the craft come from quite a ways away and stayed there until the craft came close enough to see it vividly and then, after the craft pointed a white and wide light around the area and then towards my friend, then a bluish, skinnier light on my friend. The craft then landed. I never left my tent but had a perfect view of the whole thing. Unlike my friend, I was, and to this day I am, very afraid. There are reasons my friend is not afraid but, if your organization decides to speak with him, he can explain that. Even though I have been telling my friend to report his experiences to your organization for a long time, I don't want any part of it because it is very upsetting. My friend finally allowed me to tell your organization about these events despite his mistrust of law enforcement, the media, etc because when he did report these items, he was ridiculed, embarrassed and at one point, was threatened. He's not afraid, as proven by the shootout he had some time back when the men who previously threatened him showed up at his home and shot at him until he started shooting back. My friend has told me that he had some type of conversation with the three beings who exited the craft that night. They kind of looked like humans but even the shortest one was probably around seven feet tall. My friend is 6'3" and pretty big so I base my measures on that. 

The "writings" my friend received right in front of me:
My friend is a physicist and developer of some technologies I don't even understand but they have to do with clean energy, water treatment, vehicle that don't use fuel or solar or batteries and a few other items. I am one of the few witnesses who saw his his tests where he created some cool but weird weather anomalies, has provided powe to two homes almost 20 miles from his technology and have seen the prototype vehicle that doesn't use batteries, fuel etc. The biggest item in my opinion is a formerly clear piece of plexiglass that has two VERY odd writings or carvings on it. We actually don't know what was used to put the designs on the plexiglass. This happened during a very cool experiment my friend was doing with another device he built. I don't understand the whole thing but it basically create a lot of energy and I think magnetism and created a kind of wavy area inside of the circular part of his device. Among the many times I was helping me friend, he decided to, as he said, "see if his calculations and theories were correct or not", he kind of tossed the plexiglass into the center of the wavy part and almost immediately it popped out. He thought his device may have not worked until I picked up the plexiglass and was blown away by how this blank plexiglass now had some kind of carvings on it. 
My friend has allowed me to contact your organization and allowed me to give you his contact info so if you would like to know more about our experiences and his technology and devices, you can contact him by using the information I filled out. If you don't, that's ok too. Thank you for your time. By the way, neither my friend or I know what the writing or carvings mean so if you find out I know my friend would really appreciate it if you let him know.
