{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-06 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492760","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2986,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/760/mufon-5492760.json","updb_database_id":5492760}
{cak} Strange objects witnessed in Camden since 2010

Hello,

I was recently inspired to post my sighting after reading the accounts of other individuals around the Midcoast region and I encourage anyone else who is reading this to share your sightings too if you have had them.

Since I graduated high school in 2010 I have witnessed star like objects on at least a dozen occasions. The first sighting occurred in June of that year at 10:00 pm while several of my friends and I were in my driveway. Simultaneously my guests and I noticed a bright star like object in the southwest sky low on the horizon and almost instantly it appeared to brighten and expand in size as well. It was pure white light that appeared similar to the planet Venus in the night sky, but it was about double or triple the size. It also appeared to be flying on a northerly heading at a slow constant speed. After it had emerged from behind the leaves of my neighbor's oak tree it then dimmed in brightness and shrunk in size, fading out very quickly. I do not think that it flew behind a cloud, the whole thing occurred too fast. My friends thought it was quite strange too. This was my first sighting.

Since that first sighting in June 2010 I have seen the same white star like object many times here in Camden. It flew over my house one night in late July of 2011 I believe. The object approached from the south and displayed the same brighten and fade behavior. I got my closest view when it suddenly started to change direction to the west and made a roughly 90 degree arc. At this point it had completely dimmed in brightness and I could see what appeared to be some sort of metallic core that reflected a copper or gold color. It continued to fly on until out of sight. I believe that these objects are piloted by a higher intelligence, whatever it may be. They definitely seem to display intelligent behavior and sometimes they even appear to be reading my thoughts. For example, on occasion as soon as I make direct eye contact upon initially sighting one, it will instantly brighten and expand upon the very moment that I first view it. I have seen exclusively star like objects, with the exception being a cigar like silver metallic cylinder that I noticed by chance traveling southwest and seconds later it disappeared in clear blue skies during a sunset.

I am willing to talk to an investigator, thanks.
