{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-12 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513760","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/760/mufon-5513760.json","updb_database_id":5513760}
Dark red glowing orb came from the east at high speed and made an abrupt 90 degree turn, wobbled and headed north at insane speed.

On the 12th December I went ouside behind my house in Cole Harbour,Nova Scotia to have a cigarette. As always I am looking up at Orion & Jupiter and generaly looking all around up at the sky. At 19:30 Hrs something caught my eye to the right. A very dark dim red orb moving at a high rate of speed came from the east and made an abrupt 90 degree turn wobbling left & right just after the turn and shot out straight north at an insane amount of speed and dissappeared then about 1 to 2 mins approx a bright white light appeared where I last seen the red orb vanish and disappeared. I am not sure if the white light was related to the red orb. This whole event lasted for approx 10 sec. I had no idea what it was but knew what it wasnt. It was not a plane,jet,helicopter falling star,comet,meteor the ISS or satelite. It was a clear night cold and no clouds. There was no marker lights, no engine noise and something moving that fast should at least made a zonic boom which it didn't.
Just after it made the abrupt 90 degree turn and started heading North, it wobbled left,right then left again. At this point I noticed somewhat of a pattern on the bottom resembling a sand dollar(star shape)like You have to remember this happened real fast so thats the best I can describe it. My first reaction to this was "wtf was that" I mmeaditley called my closest friend as we both seen something 30 years ago while fishing and knew he would believe me. I then started filling out this report while it was fresh in my mind.

I am currently serving(23 years)in the Candian Armed Forces,Air Force.
It was just pure luck that I was outside and happened to look up.
