Case No. 864 30092018

Date: October 29, 2018.

Approximate Time: 11:54 local time.

Location: Traiguén, Araucanía Region.

Witnesses: C.D.G.

Images: The user provided 1 video.

Description: The user described the observed object as resembling a "foo-fighter" with a "blue light" color, visible for 1 minute and 33 seconds. While the user did not provide details about size or distance, they indicated that it maintained a static flight path always to the west.
In addition to the above, the gentleman wrote that (sic): "I was at the door of my house and noticed a light that turned on and off in a time of 6 seconds, it was cloudy as it had been raining all day, that was the only thing visible in the sky" and provided a link to a video he made of the event: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBhqzRsnwg4

GEOREFERENCED THE LOCATION OF THE USER
In the coordinates 38° 14' 54'' S and 72° 40' 15'' W, as shown in Figure 1.

The examination of the information contained
In the file of the case footage, except for a name change, it did not show signs of digital alteration and defined that the
Figure 1

Images were captured at 23:17 (HL) on September 29, 2018. Further background information is provided in the third section of this report.

The case video was reviewed by examining each of its 2807 frames individually. Figure 2 displays what was reported as visible in frame 2755 after image exposure was increased.

Figure 2
Throughout all the frames, what is studied becomes visible starting from frame 70 and appears as a bright point, with no color variations and apparently no own motion. Although it was visible in a discontinuous manner, it was verified that it was always present in the scene (Figure 3) and that its light pulses did not have a continuous pattern.

Figure 3

By studying the astronomical horizon situation potentially visible by the user
It was verified that to its west, Saturn was located. (Figure 4)

Figure 4

At the time of filming, this planet was situated approximately at an azimuth of 261° 34' and an apparent altitude of 27° 24', and with an absolute visual magnitude of -8.8, it was potentially visible to the naked eye.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographic, forensic, photographic, and astronomical studies, it was concluded that what was reported was...
Venus planet. The discontinuity of its visibility was compatible with the fact that, at the time of observing it, the rain event was passing over Traiguén, so there were some clearings in the cloud cover.
