{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-09-15 12:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2352,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5483580.json","updb_database_id":5483580}
I saw 3 objects flying together over the school yard and park area when I was a child on my way home for lunch

What I am really interested in is if anyone else reported seeing the same thing in and around the same time as I saw these objects.

I was in grade school (not sure what grade) between grade 4-7 and I was walking home for lunch. My route brought me through the park behind my house where the public schools yards were, I went to catholic school. As I was getting closer to my house I noticed these 3 objects hovering and moving slowly (in a row) coming from the south. They were low I would guess 50-100 ft from the ground. I couldn't figure out what they were. They were shaped like diamond and triangle put together, they were dark , they were completely silent. I went through a checklist in my head, helicopter-no, balloon- no, kite-no. They were moving too slow to be an airplane (besides looking nothing like an airplane). I looked at the other children in the school yard to see if they were also looking at the objects and they weren't. I watched as they passed over my head and drifted west over the roofs of the houses and I lost sight of them. I didn't feel scared or anything just curious. I remember thinking that I was just a kid and no one else was looking at them so there must be an explanation that I just didn't think of, but all these years later I still don't know what I saw. The other factor that made me dismiss what I saw was that they came from the direction of the airport which is less than 20-30 km south of us. Lately I have been recounting the experience in my mind and I just wonder if anyone else reported something like this around those years in brampton Canada or if you guys have an alternative explanation. Thanks
