{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-04 21:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112760","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5290580.json","updb_database_id":5290580}
watched what looked like a drone,change into an orb of lights. then a quake hit after watching for several minutes

I have never been so terrified in my life and I can't get over this experience. 
Some background first: My fiance and I had a 2 night stay booked in a cabin in Mount Palomar, CA this past weekend.
This is the location: 18187 Nate Harrison Rd, Palomar Mountain, CA 92060
We've stayed in Mount Palomar once before but that was near many homes/cabins and just more people around. 
This location on Friday, you have to take a side road up the mountain that is secluded away from the main road. When we arrived one of the caretakers of the property brought us a new propane tank for the grill outside and let us know we are actually the only campers on their property this weekend. There was high advisory winds for 2 days so everyone canceled their reservations. 
So it's now turning into night and we watched the sun set off the back deck. We are both having an amazing time. We wanted to watch the stars out the bedroom window since it was pretty cold out
We watched the city lights for the longest time. It was so pretty, we could see the planes go by, helicopters, watching the cars driving around the bottom of the hill. 
My fiance re positioned himself to now view out the left section of the window which is where the tree line was at and you could see all the stars there. We continued watching when I first notice a section of trees get lit up. I ask how is that happening, is there cars going by? We see this twice not knowing where the light is coming from. Maybe after a minute I then notice what looked like to be some sort of drone flying at the very top of the tree lines. You could see the tops of the trees being illuminated. My first thought was huh is that a helicopter looking for someone? I asked my fiance and he said he didn't know, it definitely looks like a craft but not a drone he's seen before or a helicopter. We kept watching and it was doing this very weird zig zag scanning. I can only describe that it reminded me how Eve scans in Wall-E just not as fast but it definitely was scanning. At this point I started feeling really uneasy. I asked if we should call the air bnb contact and ask them if people fly drones over on that mountain side. We both had seen helicopters and planes flying around before this , and we know this looked nothing like them. So it wasn't our eyes. 
So now my fiance says hold up I need to pee, I'm still frozen on the floor at the window watching this thing. The moment my fiance walks away from me, I see it now turn into a bright green light, my stomach turned, the light is now changing into blue and red. I no longer it see it like it was on the tops of the trees, it feels like it's now coming away from them more towards us and i don't see any trees being illuminated. I shout for my fiance to come back to me right now and please tell me what this is. 
My fiance didn't leave for more then 5 secs when he was back at my side. He now says whoa I really don't know what that is. I ask him if we should be recording this. He grabs his phone tries to record, he says he can't see it just looks black. I try to record but I don't see anything either showing up on the phone screen. 
Our phone time stamps are at 9:39. at 9:41 this quake is recorded.
This is hard for me to type out. I will never forget the feeling. Both of us watching, both of us agree it was moving around with purpose and then My fiance saying "Seriously, What the fuck is that?!" and then BOOM. The entire house fucking shook like I have never felt before. In the moment my heart dropped. thinking here it is, here is how you die, you're getting abducted. My fiance held me and we both closed our eyes when this happened. My fiance asked me to please not look out the window. We held onto each other for maybe a minute asking over and over if the other person was okay. That's when he said let's get away from the window and into the living room. 
We turn on all the lights, I say we definitely need to contact the people of the property. 
We call her, I'm so panicked, I ask her if she felt that, and she had no idea what we were talking about ( She wasn't actually on the mountain) She says oh there's high winds the past few days maybe you felt a blast from some winds. My mind goes oh that makes sense cause it felt like we got blasted by something. We braved it to look back out the window, we now see there's a helicopter flying about in that area. Maybe another plane or two as well. But the colorful light ball is gone. Air Bnb then calls us back and says oh i guess that was an earthquake. 
Me and my fiance both look at each other, That was no damn earthquake. Both being born and raised in California we have experienced many quakes. Nothing ever like that. 
So I made him stay up with me till the sunrise. There was no way I was going to sleep in this house tonight and there was no way were getting off the mountain until daylight. Maybe 20mins after it happened. I forced myself outside to the front of the cabin to sit on the ground and try to breath. This little cutie popped out of the darkness and meowed at me. I immediately brought her inside, i was thinking she was probably terrified of the shaking too. She slept inside that night. 
So the next morning after only getting 3 hours of sleep I woke up when I heard the property care takers doing work outside. I immediately got up knowing I needed to speak to them.
1 man said he thought an explosion went off. Has lived on Mount Palomar his entire life and never has felt anything like that. 
Another said he felt his trailer lift up and shift forward from how hard the impact was, and that they just had a 4.5 hit not too long and it didn't feel anything like how hard that was the night before. 
The lady who owned the property said she's lived there 13 years and has never felt that before. We told her about the lights, She checked with Gas and Electric and they confirmed they didn't have any drones out that night. 
Also the cat was their barn cat named Hunter and they told me she was probably so happy she got to sleep inside for the night. 
That morning I checked my fiances phone, put it on the highest brightness setting and saw we did actually catch something:
We enhanced the brightest in the first video. You can see the different colors changing.
The property manager sent me a link to earthquake light phenomena and I watched videos on it. It looks absolutely nothing like what we saw or felt. I don't know how to describe even the feeling, almost like it knew we were watching it. 
It was a 2 night stay but we decided to leave early and not spend the second night. No way will I ever go back to that Mountain.
