{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-05-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5460580.json","updb_database_id":5460580}
Direct alien contact my entire life

I seen one another st the foot but st the head board of the bed. The headboard was custom designed weld a sailors steering wheel. It's was short with very large eyes. This creature was face to face with mei hid under the blankets hoping it would go away and if did. Soon after my first encounter, I started getting inducted through the living room. It felt like my third eye was going to burst and it felt like I was rising upward towards s bright light. As I got older 3 larger aliens came into my home and were searching through the rooms. The had duties in the chain of command. They were actually using profanity. They tricked my hearing making it sound like a lot of children were playing outside. As I layed there paralyzed. I think it has been following me my entire life. There was this red glob type of alien it looked like it red glob. I looked over at the wall and the glob was crawling it's was down. I remember it moving because there's was a pencil Mark on the wall that I was able to just the distance it moved . I did something that I shouldn't have..... I put my finger on the wall ans this thing changed direction and crawled onto my finger. Whatever it was it was very friendly. I can hear voices in the distance . I've seen orbs fly across the room really fast. That's about all I can remember. And the skin on my left hand looks reptilian the hand that touched the transparent entity that claimed down the wall next to my bed. It started to deteriorate and now it literally looks like a lizard hand my other hand is completely normal. They follow me. They showed me the edge of the universe and the gate that you have to pass through between these enourmouse walls to get to another universe. whenever they are in the yard they start to imitate bird sounds late at night. inalso see these orbs whiz by me in the living room sometimes and I know how to differentiate what dust looks like when it blurrs my vision I also wear glasses. So I know what I'm seeing. The one thing that really made me believe that what I was seeiing was real was the popping sound that it make almost like a quick push on a taser button. Or the sound of someone throwing a bee bee pellet at the wall. It happens so fast but it happens frequently to this day. One has been following me my whole life. on foot and in the air wherever I go no body can spot any ufos until I start pointing them out. I tried talking to one of the lights in the sky like a crazy person. One day it responds and shot a wave through my body that was warm and comforting.  In my own opinion I've never wanted to say this but I think I'm a living breathing hybrid things that I do that seem normal to me people comment about how good I am at everything always first place always the winner split second life changing decisions. My father was in the military and I was transported to America on a bomber plane. The aircraft carrier ramp in key west was a spectacular place for a child to roam and it was a runway because I remember going into these airplane hangars that seemed abandoned on an active military base and I would climb into the pilots seats and just pretended to fly thee bombers planes and jets. And of coarse the noses of the planes were left open the tip of the plane facing upward with the stairs down and everything. The whole point that I'm trying to get across is that aliens aren't all grey and short. There's a species that looks like the color of a laser pointer and move like slime but it is an intelligent form of life. I would like to talk more about this. There's also another time when I was leaving comments on the NASA website about I know the truth and I was throwing them alien topics that only they would understand. That same day I get an email from NASA asking how my experience was and I didn't even give my email. Then someone knocked on the door he had a white unmarked car and a radio on his shoulder and a white collar shirt white male bald head and a thick mustache. I didn't answer the door I jumped off the second story balcony. And ran for along time. And that same night was the night when the 3 beings entered my home and cursing and going trough the kitchen and laundry room they were slamming things. I don't know what they were searching for. But it was a chain of command at play. Please contact me it's easier to talk than type I have so much more to tell thank you.
