{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-09 20:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73121","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5486580.json","updb_database_id":5486580}
{cak} I saw a triangle shaped ufo hovering over apartments near my home.

I was driving home from working a 12 hour shift. I left work at 8:06 pm that night and it takes approximately 30 minutes for me to get home. I stopped on Hwy 153 for about a minute to check for damage to my car because I had run over a piece of debris that looked like rubber from a tire off of an 18 wheeler that was in the road. I didn't see any major damage that would prevent me from driving home so I got back in my car lit a cigarette and continued on my way. As I turned onto Webb Rd from hwy 58 I noticed what I first thought to be an airplane. It had several lights 3 were brighter than the rest and one on the left side was much smaller and blinking. I thought to myself wow that plane is really low and it was pretty far from where I generally see them as they approach the local airport. As I kept driving towards it I realized it wasn't moving. So I thought it must be a group of 3 helicopters. I thought this for a moment because helicopters are the only things I know of that hover like this or move slow enough to appear to be hovering. Also there were 3 main lights pointing straight out almost like head lights on a car. And having lived on and around a military base for about 5 year's I know they sometimes fly in a v formation of 3. However I quickly dismissed this idea because there were 3 lights on either side of the central light that were dimmer. As I drove closer I saw that the lights were not independent of each other so I thought maybe they had put up a new cell tower on Hwy 58 and it just appeared to be above the apartments. But as I got even closer I slowed down because I realized it was a solid black triangle that connected the lights and it was hovering just below the tree line about 50 feet above one if the apartment buildings. I saw there was no pole or anything else keeping it up. It was just sitting there. The 3 main lights looked straight ahead like headlights on a car and you could see the mist swirling through the light. The smaller lights on either side were more like ambient light than headlights. By this I mean the type of light u would see given off from a window as you drove past a house at night. The blinking light was even smaller than the secondary lights but appeared to be the same intensity. All the light was pure white in color. The object itself was black but not black like the way we color things black, it was the definition of black. A total absence of color. It was almost like what I would imagine looking into a black hole would be like. There were lights on in the parking lot of the apartments but they were not reflected on the craft and did not light it up. It was as though it absorbed the light. At this point I was passing it with it on my passenger side. As I continued to drive past it I saw that it was a little less than one story high triangle shaped for sure. And about one third the size of the apartment unit it was hovering over. I also didn't hear any noise coming from it. My window was down on the driver side because I smoke. It was below the treeline but again about 50 feet above the apartments. As I realized what I was looking at I said out loud What the f***. I started to stop but there was a car behind me that appeared to be going way faster than me. I was driving about 12 mph at this time and the usual speed in this road is 35 I think. I continued to try to see it but lost it as I went over the hill and the trees obstructed my view. Anyway I sped up to get home quickly to check on my children. They were home alone while I was working and I only live a few blocks from where I saw it. Once I got home I gathered my children and raced back to show them. I wanted witnesses to justify that I wasn't completely crazy. But as we went back I saw it was gone. I have gone past there several times since and there is absolutely nothing in the parking lot or that can bee seen from that road that could possibly explain what I saw.
