{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-08 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5503580.json","updb_database_id":5503580}
{nd} Triangle UFO seen flying over Shakopee MN (25 miles SW of Minneapolis)

Event took place about 9:40pm CT, it was dark outside with a bright waxing moon, no clouds to speak of. I had just arrived home from the store, since I had been driving in the dark my eyes were somewhat acclimated to the night sky. Before going in the house for the night I took this opportunity to star gaze as I often do, it relaxes and inspires me.

I looked at the bright constellations in front of me, Bootes and the Big Dipper were very prominent. I fixed my gaze above them, straight up 90 degrees into the sky as I do to look for shooting stars. There between Bootes and the Big Dipper my eyes fell onto a faint grouping of stars, at 80 degrees, thought hey that's not where Pleiades is supposed to be...then I saw it was moving and triangular in shape, the size of a penny at arms length, a 90 degree triangle with a row of singular lights on the leading edges. The lights pulsed, they would become very dim and then pulse brighter randomly after 5 to 15 seconds. This craft was traveling NW across the sky at a moderate speed but after 1 minute I lost it behind the trees. I tried very hard to count the blueish-white lights, I think I saw 9 or 11 total, with one on the leading front center point followed by 4 or 5 on the edges behind it. It seemed very high up but it was impossible to judge the distance or size. 

Aircraft are often seen flying over my house as I live 25 miles from the Minneapolis/ST Paul International airport, also 5 miles from the smaller Flying Cloud airport. This event was so different from a normal airplane, the way it looked and the lack of sound.

Well this was my first UFO sighting, being 50 years old. I knew it would be just a matter of time before I saw anything unusual in the sky. The feelings I had about this were similar to sighting a rare bird, I will say this triangle seemed so far away I didn't feel threatened by it, just curious.
