{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-05 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26987","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5528580.json","updb_database_id":5528580}
UFO desended from the cloud's out of the southern sky and broke the clouds and hovered over the tree's and turned 15* and shot off faster then anything we human's h

I couldn't upload the video So I did photo's of the UFO's. Here, I started out to take my doggie, DJ, out to pee and was thinking about the other times I have caught UFO's hanging around and getting some great photo's and I am a Photographer for year's...I looked and watched as a gynormous HUGE mother ship !!! NO crap! I watched it and tried to get my camera out,that stay's on my side, and just missed the Huge UFO. It had no light's on it and I could see window's on it and what looked like a computer board from a computer but in black. No light's and it suddenly manuvered a 15* turn and fast and shot off so fast that we, (American's) never could have that kind of Technology.I am an INdustrial wiring technition, and I put computer's together. I have a vast experiance in this area. And don't drink or do drug's. I am a devout Christian and study the way's if GOD every day.I watched it speed off and the government can't verify it as being one of their's they don't have this kind of technology and won't have it for atleast 2 or 300 year's from now. Even if they can reconstruct a UFO from scratch. Thay don't know the codes for navagation of the UFO. A translater could if they knew the language..He,He,He... So it sit's in a hanger and never will be seen or acknoledged....I know this because I was in a UFO..I don't remember all of it, but I do remember the feeling I got when they are here. An enlightened feeling of mind. A good feeling. Not harmful at all. And I have definitave proof that UFO's exist and tht Alien being's exist and I can prove both too in one video !! Have a video that has been stashed-- and If anything happens to me it will be telivised all over the nation on a secure channel. I have had several close encounter's with me and my dog. And proof is all I have a no-one will investigate this.. and it is still happening today. IF you are in the area of NorthGate mall on the roof you can get some fascinating photo's.I have one in the area that was within 30 ft. of my front door. And I have proof of that too ! As I mentioned before.They are doing a study on me as well as I am on them..They don't want other people to know; as not to pannic the nation. I also have "Radar photo's" of the Alein ship's location's showing a grid on my digital photograph and showing other same UFO's. I have seen this and it look's like a Radar grid layout showing the possition's of all other UFO's that are over earth and only in my area. My digital camera doesn't have grid patern's in it's programming? So all the ship's are the same on some area's and other's show diferent UFO's. To this day I have categorized quite a few UFO's.More than any other person on Earth. Atleast in this area I am KING of Photography of UFO's here..Feel's good letting other's know what I have kept secret all these year's. *(Wit's last name deleted--CMS/sg).
