{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-31 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463580","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/580/mufon-5463580.json","updb_database_id":5463580}
{dr}Saw a bright white and red light under the clouds at night, then saw three hovering objects. They hovered and left quickly.

At approxmately 10:30 pm, December 31st, 2018, I was walking my dog three houses from my driveway in The Villages, Florida. I looked up to see a very bright white and red light hovering just under the clouds toward the Northeast. At first I thought I might be a planet, but itwas too bright and too close. As I walked back toward my driveway suddenly I saw two similar hovering objects in the same area but some distance apart. I got back to my driveway and then saw three hovering objects with the same size and brightness of white and red lights. The red lght was always visible on the right side and the white lights where always aon the left. The two lights where blended in the middle with an orange glow. In the dark I could not see the actual object emiting the lights. The three objects hovered in a triangle, more like a Christmas tree shape. Then after a few minutes the two lower objects moved in a Northwest direction and appeared closer, while the top object in the triangle started to go north and get smaller until it faded out if site at a very fast rate of speed, away from earth. The other two remained hovering for a few more minutes, the lower left one started getting smaller going North and quickly dissappeared. The one object remained with very bright lights and began moving west and hovering a few more minutes until it too moved off toward the north at a great rate if speed. The size and brightness shrank down very quickly and then dissapeared. Two of my neighbors walked up behind me and said they had seen two bright objects after they came out of a house several doirs down from mine. The third object had disappeared before they looked up. We discussed what we saw and came to the conclussion that the bright objects we saw where not airplanes, helicopters, drones or blimps/balloons. Hope this gives enough information.
