{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1952-03-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177583","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1nhib8b","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177583,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Admiral Radford & Navy Sec. Kimball Planes BuzzedFran
Ridge:
March of 1952; Near Hawaii
Major Keyhoe had said April, but this was incorrect.
Navy Secretary Dan Kimball was flying to Hawaii when two
disc-shaped craft streaked in toward his Navy executive plane. There is
no doubt that it it actually
happened. In December of 2006 Dan Wilson located an article found in
the Blue Book files and Jean Waskiewicz produced a transcript of that
article, which can be found at the bottom of this directory.

Donald Keyhoe:
"Their speed was amazing," he told me later, in Washington.
"My pilots estimated it between fifteen hundred and two thousand miles
an hour. The objects circled us twice and then took off, heading east.
There was another Navy plane behind us, with Admiral Arthur Radford on
board. The distance was about fifty miles. I had my senior pilot radio
a report on the sighting. In almost no time Radford's chief pilot
called back, really excited. The UFOs were now circling their
plane---they'd covered the fifty miles in less than two minutes. In a
few seconds the pilot told us they'd left the plane and raced up out of
sight." After landing, Secretary Kimball had a report radioed to the
AF, since it was officially in charge of the UFO investigation. When he
returned to Washington he had an aide ask the AF what
action had been taken. He was informed it was against orders to discuss
case analyses, even with witnesses who made the reports. In regard to
other Navy & Marine Corps reports ...on
checking, found that the Air Force had insisted on getting all copies
of reports, without even a preliminary Navy investigation. As in his
own case, the AF had refused to answer any questions about these
sightings, except for a few that were already known to the press, which
it later tried to debunk. As soon as he learned this, Secretary Kimball
had a conference
with Rear Admiral Calvin Bolster, Chief of the Naval Research. (He
wanted ONR to make a full investigation of all Navy and Marine reports
from then on and also try to get duplicate reports from witnesses in
unexplained earlier cases. And this was to be kept separate from the
Air Force Project Blue Book). (Source: Aliens From Space 1973, pp.
65-66, Keyhoe).
Dan Wilson:
This sighting may have had great ramifications. The
intelligence behind these two discs may well have known who was aboard
these planes. In 1953, at the height of the Cold War, Admiral
Radford became the third Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He
served in that position until 1957, when he retired. During his
retirement, Radford still advised Presidents Eisenhower, Kennedy and
Johnson from time to time.

Detailed reports and documents
Dan Kimball & ONR Controversey (Mike Swords)
MAXW-PBB9-1196
- "Have You Heard", by Bill Schofield (May 5, 1952) (Dan Wilson)
"Have
you Heard" article
transcript (Jean Waskiewicz)
Not on March 1952 BB Sighting Listing / NARA-PBB1-47
(Fran Ridge)
