{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-09 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2791,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5454011.json","updb_database_id":5454011}
{jpg} Initially thought very bright star or planet was orb type craft

On the evening of April 9th 2020 approx 9:15 pm, I was looking out my window before lowering the blinds and I noticed what I thought was a very bright star. I continued to look and noticed rays of light coming from all sides of the star. I then called my husband over to have a look and confirm it wasn't "just me". He noted it seemed unusual for a star or planet and did begin to see the light rays as well. Brilliant white. This prompted us to go outside in our back yard.

Having a better look into the sky we noticed SO many stars in constellation like patterns. We are not used to this as generally we only see one or two stars where we are. My husband noted this could be because there is less smog etc since we've all been staying at home more. We then found the star we had been looking at through the window and determined it probably wasn't a star or planet so we decided to walk back behind our house onto the street and we saw an even bigger "star" with the same characteristics only brighter and bigger. 

We immediately had a look through our binoculars and were astounded by what we saw. We saw an orb surrounded by 4 or 5 smaller orbs that were moving clockwise around it. The middle of the large orb was sort of a rose or orange/yellow color depending on when I looked at it. It looked like a membrane kind of....very hard to describe as I've never seen anything like it (same with the colors) Very hard to re-imagine because they were colors but also constantly moving. And although it was constantly in motion it never wavered from it's place in the sky. At times the smaller greenish white orbs around the bigger one would become part of the bigger one and then come back out. My husband witnessed the middle of the big orb getting bigger and brighter over and over again.

Our neighbor came out about 5 minutes later and we had him look through the binoculars and he saw something similar. 

After about 15 minutes I decided to go in as I was shaking all over. This was involuntary but perhaps because I was so excited. I was not afraid in any way and did not feel this was a threat in ANY way.
