{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-15 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99009","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2753,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5462011.json","updb_database_id":5462011}
{jpg} 737 fuselage at 5000 feet disappeared inside a small cloud.

I did not take this picture. If a picture is worth a thousand words this helps explain what we saw. I found a picture of a cloud on the Internet like what we saw. I edited in the object to the left of the cloud. It has been almost three years. At the time I was awe-struck. At the time I didn’t know we were about to see something that made me wish I had been filming it. With computer aided filming it would not have meant anything. Even with my limited skills and programs I was able to make a still photograph.
My wife and I were standing outside near our RV. We were in the process of moving it from a leased RV site to an RV cooperative park. My wife spotted something moving in the sky and asked me, “Is that an airplane?”
I honestly couldn’t swear that it was an airplane. My guess was it was an airplane. It could be it wasn’t high enough to leave a contrail. It looked about what the fuselage of a 737 would look like at that angle. I explained this to my wife. The object was headed towards a single white cloud. The object could have been slightly higher than the cloud or the same height as the cloud. As the object entered or went behind the cloud I thought when the object came back into sight, I would better be able to distinguish if it was indeed an airplane. We patiently waited for the object to come back into view. We waited a long time. We never saw it again. The object entered or went behind that cloud and disappeared.
I was dumbfounded for a few minutes, but life goes on. I had a lot of chores to do moving our RV. It was just one chore after another for the next couple of years. The incident was always on the back of my mind, but I didn’t see anything I could do about it. I know what we saw and what we didn’t see. There was not much I could do. Even telling about it does nothing. I’ve almost naturally been searching UFOs in earnest since then.
