{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-11 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5529011.json","updb_database_id":5529011}
Shaped like arrow-head w/ medium sized round lights outlining the bottom of the object, completely silent/very maneverable

Sometime between 9:30 and 9:40pm last night (11/11/10), I went outside to have a cigarette. To be clear, I had not been drinking alcohol, taking medication, or consuming anything that may impair my my judgment. 

My apartment balcony is on the top floor (3 stories) and faces north. There were light, misty clouds directly to my north (w/ intermittent stars visible through them) and clear skies to my east. It was not until about 30 seconds to 1 minute after I had stepped outside that I saw the lights. They did not approach as a plane would from the far corner of my vantage point. Instead, the object seemed to glide down from the cloud cover to my NW and traveled straight east. I am not a certified expert, but studying aircraft has always been a hobby of mine. I have also seen most types of aircraft in action (fighter jets, helicopters, even a B2 Bomber). 

The instant I saw this aircraft, I knew right away that this was something that I had NEVER seen or even read about (barring speculative aircraft from books, tv shows, etc.) The limited cloud cover that was there was very low (I estimate at around 1,000 - 1,500 ft.) The object was also very close (probably not more than a half mile from me). 

As I stated previously, it was shaped similar to an arrowhead and the angle of it was somewhat sharp. It was certainly not the shape of any conventional aircraft in regard to a discernible fuselage with fixed wings. The entire bottom of the aircraft was lined with medium sized, round, white lights. The lights were not overly bright, but bright enough as to where I could vaguely make out the profile of the top of the craft as well, which had a very low profile. The color appeared to be a dull metallic gray - it did not appear to give off any type of shine.

If I had to estimate the size of the craft, I would probably compare it to a medium sized fighter jet. It moved VERY fluidly (seemed to gently weave back and forth as it flew) and did not make the even the slightest sound. As it flew, it seemed to hug the cloud line. I would estimate the speed to be at around 200mph +/-, but I would leave the final determination to someone more qualified than myself. It traveled nearly straight east until it got to the NE portion of my vantage point. At that time it made a slight angle up into the thin clouds and very soon after, turned to the NE and very quickly accelerated and departed at sharper vertically than 45 degrees and disappeared. 

When it departed, it was almost to the edge of the thin cloud mass in front of me. If it was flying at any angle less than 45 degrees, it would have come out of the cloud cover in very short order. I watched for an additional five minutes or so, and it never came out. Based on how thin the cloud cover was, I also should have been able to at least catch glimpses of it if it indeed did travel almost vertically. 

Though the entire event literally lasted only about 10 seconds, I want to reiterate that this was not some distant object. I saw it VERY closely, clearly and definitely. 

I am only agreeing to file this report after speaking to the MN Chapter director on the phone today due to the fact that I do not wish to share this information only to have it posted out on the internet or to attract any unnecessary attention. I am merely interested in reporting what it is I saw in the hopes of hopefully getting a better idea of what it was and what it wasn't. I am also very curious to know if anyone else saw anything similar to what I did last night. I do not claim to know what this object was, but I got a good enough look and was more than close enough to it to definitely know what it was not. While a bit confused and a little unsure about the entire process, I am looking forward to speaking with an investigator and learning more. If after speaking, it is determined to be helpful that a third party is contacted, I will be open to that. But I explicitly request that my information is shared only with an appointed investigator until that time.
