{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-02 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5488011.json","updb_database_id":5488011}
Disc shape UFO with orange-red emitting light seen in downtown Rovaniemi,Finland at 1.15-1.30am, Oct 2, 2015

I was waiting out for the northern lights from 11.30pm -12.30am behind a known museum site. Towards 12.10am, I noticed a particular star that was white and bright, took note of it and it suddenly saw it move horizontally across, quite a distance, from the right to the left. It stopped, became red and disappeared.

Was baffled by it but didn't think much of it at the time. Thought it could have been a plane/planet/shooting star.

Walked back at 12.20am from location to city centre, disappointed and cold, from not having seen any northern lights so far. Went to the 24hr grocer behind, came out with food at 1 - 1.10am, and walked back towards apartment. 

Looked up as I was walking and the northern lights appeared for a good 2-4mins approximately. Northern lights then cleared up, and I stood there, hoping for an encore. I then noticed in the dark clear sky, a silver frisbee like object , approaching from NW of view. It seem to flutter/ swing a little side to side, left to right.

Stood there dumbfounded, trying to make out what it was as it got closer and lower. My mind tried deciphering it, was it a remote controlled UAV/toy/bird/bat/comet? It had moments where it looked like a rugby ball with hints of orange red and became clearer as it tilted at an angle and descended lower.

It then became apparent that it was a disc shape,with a shadow cast on it, which was a dark black/grey, along with what looked like orange red light/glow coming from the edge of the disc. It was not a glowing ball, but i could see the it was emitting a glow from the edge end of the disc. What amazed me further was I could see some detail on it, what looked like a vertical line and horizontal curve line, resembling a 'T' on its side.

It temporarily hovered from the right of my view, then did a swift move that was fast but not too fast, at a constant speed!, to the left. Never seen any aircraft/remote controlled UAVs/Satelites...nothing that moved like that in my life. It moved left and hovered for a few seconds, moved up sped off upwards and out of my line of sight.

I then stood there, completely blank, trying to make sense of what i saw, and felt stupid for not having taken out my camera.

Went back to the apartment, still trying to collect my thoughts of what I just saw, but was confused no less. After half an hour to an hour of calming down, I thought nothing more of my sighting and wanted to see if the northern lights would reappear. I then opened my window to take a look outside, and saw nothing but dark sky. 

However, I suddenly had this urge to look above me, and right above me, from what I can remember seeing, was part of a semi-circle shape, over my apartment's roof, with orange lights and one red light. I remembered just staring at the red light and suddenly realising that, that what I was looking at, was not part of the apartment's structure. 

Upon realising this, I slowly stepped back into my apartment and closed the window Shaken with the knowledge that what I saw earlier was much closer to me now. Fear suddenly kicked in and I just stayed awake till past 3am. Nothing more happened, made some calls to family and then eventually fell asleep.

Till today, i'm not sure if all my sightings are interconnected, at least not with the 'star' that I saw in the park. Just know that what i saw outside that parking lot right outside my apartment, and above my apartment window were the same thing. And now I'm totally convinced they're still out there. Believing in their existence is one thing, seeing it is a whole different experience altogether.
