{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-23 20:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114349","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5805,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5289011.json","updb_database_id":5289011}
A weird object being followed by helicopters and a plane.

March 23, 2021 At 8:32pm in Asher Oklahoma. 
Yesterday I got my new thermal camera and my new night vision camera in the mail. 
I got it just for fun as we live in the country and love to go on nature walks and look at different animals and stuff. 
So we waited until dark (it gets dark about 7:42 here right now) to go outside and try the new equipment out, which I’ve never used before. 

So I started with the thermal camera and didn’t see anything in the woods so I put it up and got out the night vision, which I knew absolutely nothing about and don’t know how to use yet or even which buttons to push for what features .. or how to even zoom and focus. 
I hadn’t even set up the date and time on it yet. (Hence why the date and time are wrong in the video) 
It was my literal first time turning it on and attempting to use it when this occurred, my luck.

With that being said, within 25 seconds of having it on for the first time and looking at our barn to see if there was any critters, some of my family started saying stuff about something in the sky and pointing up.

You could see multiple helicopters and even a plane all together and something weird in front of them all. 
The weird object didn’t make any noise as it passed over but the helicopters and planes did after they passed over. 

They were all low so why didn’t we hear the first object? The one that looked odd/weird.

One of my family members even used a flight radar map app and nothing was showing up. 
It usually shows aircraft over us but wasn’t showing any of these. 

(Note there had been all kinds of military planes and helicopters circling around all day yesterday in the day time- so maybe training exercises??) (I’ll include a couple of clips of them also if it will let me upload multiple clips ) (but still, the object that they were trialing was very odd - not a normal craft) 

But anyways the clip is so bad for the simple fact that I had no clue what I was doing or how to use the new equipment. 
And it happened so fast. 
The thought never even crossed my mind to be ready for something like that, so instead of keeping the darn thing steady I was running around trying to get a glimpse of it on camera .. so on the video, you can’t even hardly see what we saw in person! Nothing even comparable.. 

The reason why it keeps jerking is because I kept taking it away from my eyes trying to find the zoom and trying to figure out how you focus on an object.. 

My husband tried to film with his iPhone but you can hardly see anything on there because it was to dark for the phone. (I’ll include it but it’s almost impossible to see via the phone video) 
So my running around and jerky horrible footage is all we have of the experience :( 

Anyone know what this is? 
Was it just military? A weird military craft? 
The military plane and military helicopters were all following this object. You can see them on the video at least. 

Like i said I hardly even caught the actual object because the night vision goggles were so hard to figure out how to use but you can see all the helicopters and planes (I think there was like four objects) 
One of them (the front one that you can’t really see here) was the weird one with no sound. 

It seemed military was with it either following it or escorting it. I’m not sure. 

I’ve seen other crazy stuff in the night sky before but it’s been awhile. 

In June 2019 I was getting photos of the moon through my Celestron Nexstar 8SE telescope and we saw a bunch of objects flying around the moon 🌙 (I catch birds and bugs all the time and this wasn’t the same) (furthering the clip you can see them going opiate directions and even one moving across the face of the moon) don’t know what they were -> [link moved to Investigators report section/CMS/LLL]

[name removed/cms/LLL]
