{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1959-08-12 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69589","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6269,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5490011.json","updb_database_id":5490011}
{rjl} Ball of light over Kentucky Lake that slowly moved down to the shore and then out of sight

Kentucky Lake Experience
11-24-10

One summer in the year 1958 to maybe 1959 my brother and I were headed on a camping, fishing trip on Kentucky Lake. My age would have been around 14 to 15 years at the time. We packed our 161 aluminum fishing boat with two motors (10hp & 71/2 Hp Johnsons), all the gas tanks (I think we had 3 tanks) we had and a cooler with bacon and egg, sandwich makings/hot dogs and drinks. We planned on traveling by boat to areas of the lake that were new to us. We were going to explore new areas, look for fossils and Indian fire pits, and fish. Our fishing boat was relatively slow by today1s standards and at the late afternoon of the first day we had gone up the TN River and reached a very small bay upstream and north of the Leatherwood creek areas of the lake and fished there. We thought about spending the night there but the shore was too narrow to provide a good camping area. We moved on to Leatherwood creek which is a big bay. We fished a bit in Leatherwood creek bay and decided to make camp early since we were not familiar with the area. We made camp in the bay on the south side of Leatherwood Creek. There was a steep cliff behind us and we used the back drop of the cliff as a fire backstop. We made dinner early, gathered firewood, spread out our sleeping bags and decided to go to bed early and shortly after sunset since our flashlights were not that good in those days. In the 50-601s the entire shore of the lake was wild and not inhabited with any fishing camps or cabins. The only two docks where we could get gas were Antioch and Buchanan and they were very little docks with one gas pump. In fact, in those days we rarely saw another fishing boat on the lake and we took our baths in the lake. So, going to bed early was the only option for us. We got in our sleeping bags but shortly after, for some reason, we decided to take the boat out and try night fishing. We built the fire up quite big so we could see it from the lake to ensure we could get back to camp. We fished a short time and decided to get back to shore because a fog was coming in and we were afraid we might not get back to our camp if the fog obscured our view of the camp fire. When we got back to camp, I was glad we built up the fire as it was burned down quite low. After getting back to shore and pulling the boat up on the bank, we saw a floating round light across the bay and floating along the tree line at the top of the hill. It was floating along the North side of Leatherwood creek and moving from the East in a westward direction. It was a color like the sun, and about the size of a pea or my little finger nail from our distance perspective. It was moving at a speed I would guess to be about 10 miles per hour and hovering just above tree tops and there was no sound at all. It floated along the ridge for probably several hundred yards and then went over the hill and out of sight only to reappear a couple hundred yards farther away to our left. Finally it floated out of sight. We went to bed and slept well. 

The funny thing was that while the 601s were the age of the very popular and plentiful flying saucer and alien invasion movies, we should have been quite afraid of what we saw, but we were not. As example, on another time we returned to the cabin late in the evening from a movie in town. On the gravel county road near the cabin, we saw a huge glowing mound in the woods. To our imaginations it appeared to be a crashed UFO but on a closer look it was the embers left from a brush pile fire. I remember at first not knowing what it was and being afraid that it was a crashed UFO or something like the meteors from the War of The Worlds movie. So, why in this case we had fear of what we saw but in the orb of Leatherwood Creek, we were not? What accounts for the difference?

That weekend our father came to the cabin from Memphis where he worked. We told him our story and told him we thought it was a 1will-o'-the-wisp1 (see Wikipedia below). He said that it probably was and that he saw one as a young boy. Dad said it was a ball of light that floated in through his bedroom window, floated down the hall and went out through the screen of the screen door. He went on to tell us that in the Memphis news papers there had been a story that a big UFO had been seen over Nashville that same week. If you were to draw a straight line along that ridge on Leatherwood creek and extend it south east, it would run near Nashville area. So, it is possible that we saw the same thing. It certainly was not any flying vehicle we know. If it were a helicopter with a spot light on it, it would not have appeared as a ball of light unless the spot light was pointing directly at us the entire length of its movements and we would have heard the rotors. So, we can rule out a chopper. 

This summer I went to Leatherwood Creek and found the cove where we camped. Looking across the bay I covered an object about the size of a pea from that distance. It is the restaurant now there in the marina (which wasn't there in 59). The size of the restaurant is probably 1001 in length, so the yellow/white sphere we saw must have been about 1001 in diameter and likely more as it was higher up the hill than the marina. Most all reports of 1will-o1-the-wisp1 are of small orbs of light the largest the size of a man1s head. This light was much larger than that, so it is unlikely it was a will-0-the-wisp. What it was, I don1t know1we1ll just say an unexplained large, slow moving ball of light out in the boonies and seen in the late 501s.
