{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54896","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5504011.json","updb_database_id":5504011}
{kt}Smaller Triangle shaped Aircraft observed appearing from Horizon, meeting and docking with larger and hovering traingle shaped Aircraft, then together they slowly moved away

Regarding my UFO sighting: I saw the big black triangle UFO from N.W. 4th. and N.W. Couch St. hovering over the "Big Pink" Skyscraper in down town Portland Oregon at the corner of S.W. 5th. & W. Burnside Street, it was either Jan. 5 or 6 of 2009 around 9-10 PM. I watched it for at least 15 minutes hovering over 'Big Pink'; elevation approximately 5,000-10,000 feet, the size of the larger Spaceship was about the size of 3-4 football fields across, and I saw a smaller version of the black triangular Spaceship dock with the larger black triangular Spaceship and together they slowly drifted off to the North. Both Spaceships were solid black in color and totally silent- I could not hear any sound coming from either Spaceship. The size of the smaller Spaceship was about the size of the length of 1 football field across. Exactly in the middle of both Spacecraft was a circular opening with the circular Rim of the opening emitting a ring of Light and the Air below the circular Opening was emitting Light like it was ionized Air. I saw the smaller black triangular shaped Spaceship come up over the Horizon through my Window travelling slowly and at one point in time for several seconds many pinpoints of Lights lit up evenly spaced all over it, then all the Lights went out and then it moved out of sight from the vantage point of my Window so I went outside to see it and that's when I saw the larger black triangular shaped Spaceship, and watched the smaller Spaceship dock with the larger Spaceship. The smaller Spaceship approached the middle of one side of the bigger Spaceship and docked with it- like it had fit in to a wedge-like notch in the middle of that side of the big Spaceship. Both Spaceships hovered over Big Pink Building for about ten minutes then they both drifted West with the smaller Spaceship docked on the trailing Edge on the South Side docked in the rear of the larger Spaceship. At that time there was very unusual weather going on- windy and rain weather and pink flashes of light flashing through the Sky; like an artificially induced weather storm to act as camouflage. Then they moved slowly, maybe 15-25 mph. This Triangular Anti-gravity Spaceship that travels around the World and has been the subject of News Reports and online Videos.
