{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-28 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104567","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5457011.json","updb_database_id":5457011}
Yellow-orange orb

Started as what I thought was a large plane coming in for landing in the distant west - 5-10 miles out maybe (I live by the airport and have seen incoming aircraft a zillion times in my 50+ years). I thought it was interesting to watch this time as the incoming light was brighter than what I’ve seen in past. I walked from the kitchen window from where I first spotted it and went out to the deck for a closer look. At this point I realized the light wasn’t descending either so my thought went to it being a helicopter instead. Given the location of the light being near the air ambulance airport base this made sense, that and the orange hue of light made me think it was air ambulance helicopter as they are orange in colour. As I continued watching it for another minute the light just seemed to dim out in the sky. It was mind boggling to see the light fade in the sky and no chopper or engine noise of any kind. A bit dumbfounded, I sat down to a movie that was playing and next thing I knew I sensed a bright flash in my peripheral vision (my cat was startled before me) and I turn to see a bright soft orange glowing orb about 100 feet up and to the west about 300 feet (basically over the next city street from me). I grabbed my phone to record it on max zoom, but by the time I got anything on film the orb had broken into two dimmer orbs. It was too close to me at that point to want to step back out on the deck, preferring relative safety of the indoors! After I stopped recording and stood in shock, the Netflix movie playing in the background froze up on me. Not sure if it’s a corellation or not. I see other videos online that match what I experienced regarding orbs over Lake Superior. I live in a city along the same lake but inland slightly. Make of it what you want.
