{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-22 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460011","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101390","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/011/mufon-5460011.json","updb_database_id":5460011}
{tjd} Reddish silent ball of light traveling across sky.

On the evening of June 22, 2019 at 23:50 hrs. I was out side with my dog before we were in for the night. I noticed off to the western sky, just above the treeline, there was a smallish red ball shaped object moving into my line of sight. As it moved across the sky I expected to see it burn out quickly as you would expect a meteor to do. However it did not. It did not also leave a trail of any kind as I have seen from personal meteor sightings in the past. 
As the red ball continued across the sky, I listened for the tell tale sound of a high flying and fast moving aircraft but heard nothing. To the north, Mother Nature was putting on a light show but there was no sound coming from that either.
I looked for wing lights blinking, or any other sign of lights or such coming from the object but saw nothing, just a glowing red light surrounding the object just as an object entering the atmosphere would glow red. As I stated earlier, I kept expecting it to burn out, but no. It continued across the sky until it went all of the way across my range of sight and disappeared into the eastern horizon.
In all, this sighting lasted no more than 20 to 25 seconds at most, from horizon to horizon. Not a sound was heard. Nothing trailed out from behind. No blinking lights of any kind. It stayed the same redish color from the second I saw it until it went out of sight. 
It appeared to be a rather large object as well because when you look at aircraft lights they appear to be tiny dots. This did not. Comparatively speaking, it is like comparing a period at the end of one of these sentences to the eraser on the end of a pencil. Big difference. This was the eraser and aircraft lights the period. The most eerie thing was the lack of sound. I hear aircraft at altitude fly overhead all of the time and expected something appearing so big to make some kind of sound. Nothing.
