{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-20 20:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290486","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112859","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4009,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/486/mufon-5290486.json","updb_database_id":5290486}
Flight-JP to America-saw many orbs with different, solid glowing lights above, below and in the clouds.

I was in a flight home from Japan, August 20,2018. We were a few hours into the flight to Chicago ohare airport when a flight attendant, noticeably frantic, came walking down the aisle. Pretty much everybody was asleep with windows closed except me, watching a move with window open. The flight attendant was looking at every window, almost jogging to the back of the plane, saw my window open and sternly said, “Close the Window!” And hurried down the aisle. No please, thanks, etc. just a demanding tone. 

It Was weird because it was pitch black outside so couldn’t see anything anyway, but baffled, I closed my window. About 5-10 minutes passed and my curiosity forced me to open the window and the sky, for miles, was lit up by these glowing spheres of light. They were red, blue, green, and yellow, suspended above, below and in the clouds spread out over miles. The lights were so bright I could see the reflection on the ocean below. We were passing the last of the group of lights and I was able to dig out my phone fast enough to be able to get a picture. Took several but only one was useable and I couldn’t get a good angle to snap anymore. The camera made the picture really dark, but the lights were very bright and intense. Had the woman not told me to close my window, I would have been able to get solid video. The lights did not move, blink, dim, shiver or anything, it’s like they were huge Christmas lights just hung in the clouds. 

 After about 10-15 minutes the woman came walking back to the front with none of the worry she had before. I could most likely pick that woman out of a line up today. 

I emailed a huge YouTube channel about it (which I will include in this) the day after, but never received any help. I’ve posted several times in various places, but not a single person has helped. I can’t find any photos or stories, in two years of searching, of anything remotely close to what I saw. The one and only time I found relevant information, was a couple months after, I was laying down watching tv about strange phenomena and they showed a picture from a planes cockpit flying through clouds that showed exactly what I saw. I know it was travel channel, discovery or history channel, but can’t remember the shows title and have never come across it again despite my constant searching. So that’s the only other photo/evidence of exactly what I saw, that it is out there if I could only find it again

**ATTACHED IMAGES** the first is the actual image, 2-4 are of the exact email I sent the day after with a photo of my return flight ticket, 5 is the screen capture of the photo with the exact time and date I took it.
