{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-09 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516486","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41632","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/486/mufon-5516486.json","updb_database_id":5516486}
(GS) very large bommerang shape with very dim lights along front...like a moving formation of stars..

After a long hot day, my husband and I decided to relax on our front patio. we were discussing our day at 10:00 pm and I happened to notice something above my large willow tree. It was like a triangle of faint stars...that were moving! I immediately leaned forward to see better and saw that there was a faint dark outline in what would best be described as a boomerang shape or a very wide v-shape. The center of the object seemed transparent or camouflaged like the stars...very hard to describe this.I had jumped out of my chair by this time to try to follow it as long as possible before the large tree-line obscured any further sight of it. My husbands veiw of it was totally obscured by trees unless he were to get up out of his chair. By the time he saw that I was really seeing something that had me shaken and got to where I was ...it was gone. He knows that I really saw exactly what Im trying to describe because after 30 years of marriage he can tell when something is causing a real reaction from me. My actions in this case shocked him a little. I was extremely rattled and didn't go to sleep for quite some time even though I wake up before six every morning. I am not a real believer in aliens from other planets and I have seen alot of strange things in the sky in my 59 years...lights, flashes, oblong lights etc., but I have NEVER seen something so obviously a huge craft like this. I have never even told anyone about any other objects because they were so subjective. This was NOT! It was a giant craft that glided silently over my skyline. Thats all I know. Thank you for allowing me to file this report as my son ( a well-thought of firefighter in our little city) begged me not to make a report with our local police! :-) This hopefully will help me to let this go now.
