{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527486","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28138","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/486/mufon-5527486.json","updb_database_id":5527486}
Very dark flat metallic in appearance, approx. 25 ft across. 5-6 various colored lights in a triangle pattern on bottom

I was home alone with a 4 mo. old baby, laying in bed to fall asleep about 10-11pm (late fall 1992), when I heard a weird sound outside. Thought it was an airplane at first, sounded sort of like an airplane when it is sub zero outside- it was a warbling sound similar to that a piece of thin metal makes when you quickly bend it back and forth. Then I realized it wasn't that cold out. I listened to it for approx. 5 more minutes and when it didn't fade, I got up to investigate.

I looked out several windows walking thru the house, and saw it out of the south and west facing windows in my sunroom. It was a saucer hovering above my driveway, just above a security light pole. 

It was low to the ground, approx 20 ft up, and approx 25 ft across. 
At this point there was no sound. It was a very dark metallic gray/black color, matte or brushed in appearance, not real shiny. Barely reflected the light of the security light pole. Did not observe windows, but I'm not sure at that angle and dark of night that I would have. Did see 5-6 lights in a triangular pattern on bottom. Red, blue, yellow, white.

It was not moving at first, and I was really frightened- I felt I was being observed. 

I was really wishing it to go away, and finally after 2-3 long minutes it started to move away very slowly, and it gradually rose maybe 20 feet higher in the sky. It hovered over my pasture for a minute, then moved slowly toward my barn, where my 2 horses were. After a minute over my barn it shot straight west, toward St. Francis, then before it left my sight I saw it make a extremely quick left (90 degrees)in the sky, and head south toward Elk River. It disappeared literally in 2 seconds.

I talked to my friend in St. Francis the next day, and some of her friends had seen it too, though not as close up (in the sky). A reporter for a local news station called to see if I'd go on record and let him interview me, I declined. But it has always stayed with me, and I decided it should be recorded. I did draw the formation of the lights underneath at the time, but unfortunately cannot find the drawing.
