{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508486","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/486/mufon-5508486.json","updb_database_id":5508486}
Fireball emerged from cloud and split into 3 orange balls that rotated and rejoined.

The story that I am about to tell you happened the morning of Saturday, August 17th at 2:30AM (Arizona Time).

I was about to go to bed when I went onto the back porch as I always do to look at the sky before retiring for the night. To the West South West and just south of White Tanks Mountain I was watching a rain storm with allot of lightening in the distance. Now it was a partly cloudy night but you could see the clouds in the sky as they were a dark grey and scattered in their shapes.
There was a bunch of lightening in the distance and I love to watch the lightening. Everytime the lightening struck the ground it would light up the rain falling so you could see the shape of the rain cloud and the streaks of rain falling. To the right of the lightning (closer over to the White tanks Mountain to the west of us I saw one cloud in the sky that was, for some reason lit up fully with a bright white illumination. The cloud must have been 1/3 of a mile horizontal and only 1/8th of a mile vertical. It was shaped a bit like a cornucopia. I would guess this cloud was about 5,000 ft up in the sky.
This white illuminated cloud was nothing like all the other clouds in the sky as they were all dark grey in color. All of a sudden on the left end of the cloud a very bright orange ball of light began to emerge moving right to left within the cloud. It appeared to fly slowly out of the cloud and stopped on the left edge outside the cloud. At first I thought it was an airplane making its way though the cloud. But they always use a white nose light. I thought this orange ball of light might have illuminated the cloud but this light was a true fiery orange and getting not only brighter but increasing in diameter.
It was so big that if you held an english pea out at full arms length between your thumb and forefinger thats how big it was and just a brilliant orange bright light emerging from the snow white illuminated cloud. If that wasnt strange enough it moved away from the cloud just a bit, then turned right and went back into the white cloud moving left to right. You could see a slight orange glow from within the white cloud. About 20 seconds later it re-emerged from the cloud, moving right to left but as it returned to the exact same position outside of the left side of the white cloud it stopped and then the orange ball split into 2 additional orange balls of light in the sky. The three orange balls moved into a triangle pattern where the original ball was in the bottom-left position of the triangle with one above and another to its right. Then all three orbs started rotating slowly clockwise and vertically. I thought this to incredible to be true. I knew I needed a witness for this so I ran into the bedroom and woke up my 11 yr. old son from a complete sleep. He thought I was in his dream. I finally began to drag him from the bed when he believed me and we ran back out on the back patio with me. There in the sky we saw the three big orange light balls still circling each other vertically at the edge of the only white illuminated cloud in the sky. The lightening was intensifying in the storm over there and the lightening was striking the ground about once every 20 or 30 seconds. Amazingly, one of the lightening bolts shot towards the ground but then branched off another bolt and that other lighening bolt curved to the right horizontally and struck one of the rotating orange balls of light circling each other.
The three Orange balls then all stopped their rotation and reformed into a single orange light ball the size of all three of their greater masses. (another words 3x the first orange balls original size.
The orange single ball then moved from left to right back once again into the white cloud and you could see it stop within the cloud as the orange glow grew fainter and smaller until it finally disappeared in about 30 seconds from moving into the cloud. Once the Orange ball was extinguished the white illuminated cloud began to shrink horizontally. (both cloud ends shrinking to the clouds center.)  The cloud was losing its bright white glow and was dimming as it took on the same dark grey color as their surrounding clouds. In about 3 minutes the cloud was completely gone from the sky. There was nothing left that I could see in the location the cloud dissipated from. The storm cloud to the south still continued to rain and lightening.  It was just spectacular to see. I really and truly think it was a UFO or a group of them. A light doesnt leave a cloud and then turn abruptly around and go back into the same cloud. It never lowered its altitude. It maintained its altitude the entire time and would move in and out of the illuminated white cloud.
