{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-30 16:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549486","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/486/mufon-5549486.json","updb_database_id":5549486}
saw three bright lights in triangle formation over toronto city center in broad daylight, lights changed formation then resumed triangle formation objects remained stationary in windy conditions for thirty-five to fourty min.

sat, july 30, 2k5/ 
     i was walking east on dundas ave to the intersection of dundas and ossington to catch a bus. a kid on a bike was stopped on the side walk and was staring up at something, i asked him what he was looking at and he pointed out three objects in the clear blue sky, the weather conditions were perfect,not a cloud in the sky,temp,was 26 degrees cel. wind blowing off the lake from south to north at aprox. four to five mph. the first thing i thought was stray baloons from the carabana celeberations, but they weren't drifting,then i thought they were hand gliders, but they seemed too high,and they were not seagulls either,causr the birds move in their flight these objects did not, at first. when i first saw them they were in a triangle formation, then after a few more momentes, they changed formation to resemble the belt of orion, placed as it would be in the night sky in the fall, i think. then after what seemed like one or two miniutes, they resumed the triangle shape and remained stationary for at least thirty to fourty miniutes. during this time an airbus a320 passed over head and the size of the plane was equivilant to my thumbnail in perspective.the airplane blocked one of the lights from view as it passed for a split second. that made me think that these were not balloons or hanggliders. i rode my bus to ossington station,and looked again to see if they were still there, and they were, in the same possition. i made my payment and pointed the lights out to two people who work at the store and they watched for five more minutes,aprox. the objects began to drift or move off to the south,then they faided from sight, later that day i saw a lone balloon moving across the sky from south to north and you could tell it was a balloon by the way it moved in the wind.
 i was not in possetion of a camera of any kind, but i am curious as to know if anybody else can independently conferm what i saw.
            regards gord eckstein
            email gordx@lycos.com
