{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-02 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2566,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5518991.json","updb_database_id":5518991}
Hovering bright redish orange orb which was very large that vanished and then turned into a tiny silver disc

I was driving with my mom who was visiting Boise at the time and we where going to go to Cascade, ID to go to the Gold Forks hot springs......we called to see if they would be open that night and found out that they would be closed at 10 which was only 1 hour from then.......we got to highway 55 I believe when we called to verify the time and found out that it was too late to go and visit so we turned around.  Heading back towards the capitol on state street between Walmart and the park/golfcourse near I believe Veterans Memorial way.....not sure the exact name of the road. The sigh ting all took place in between that area. As we where driving my mom said "Oh my God, what is that?" I looked up from concentrating on the road and traffic around me to see in amayzement a very large distinct flying redish orange orb. This orb was hovering in the vecinety above the power lines to the left of the road. It was atleast 100 to 200 feet above the ground. It was still light outside well enough to easily see what it was. I was surprised that the other traffic on state street in that area didn't stop or slow down to get a better look. I found it odd. This took place for maybe a minute or two before all of a sudden the giant unmistakable orb vanished into thin air. Just as the orb had vanished my mother and I saw this tiny round disk shaped object float over the foothills. It didn't have a normal trajectory that most flying objects tend to have. It seemed to randomly move in a jagged motion as it maid its way over the foot hills. Shortly after it had vanished over the foot hills the sky quickly became dark in a matter of minutes. I found it quite odd how quickly it got dark after the sighting. I don't recall any lapsed time while observing this event, but am contemplating having regressive hynosis done to me to try and recount the event in greater detail.
