{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-07 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5291991.json","updb_database_id":5291991}
Two circle rotating slowly against each other.

Yesterday I saw something for almost an entire minute in my northern sky while at home. I have a 360 degree covered patio and was sitting on my stairs leading up to my front door. I saw squirrels chasing each other in the tree just to my north. It’s a wooded area. I was using 9x optics and following the squirrels up and down the tree when above the tree I saw what I thought were 2 Vultures flying around each other like other birds do sometimes (barn swallows do that a lot out here). It was initially a rapid pace but as I brought my optic back up to get a better look, I immediately saw that it was closer (even for the 9x zoom) but still probably half a mile away. Through optics it was definitely same thing I saw but the movement slowed down as it hovered for a few seconds. Instead of two birds circling each other it was close enough. I’ve that I could see two circle rotating against each other. Hovered for a few seconds and at a pace of appx 100 knots moved in a straight line up about 5000 feet and toward the northeast appx a mile and hovered again. When I lowered my optic to get another glance with my eyes and without my optics, it was gone. Weird thing for me personally is that I was outside settling down from an argument with my wife of 19yrs...I thought about using my phone in my pocket to record during the incident but I found myself completely relaxing and not wanting to take my eyes off it in fear I would lose it (which I did eventually). I have anger issues honestly and have never been overcome by tranquility like I was during and after the event. I think this is why my wife believes me lol I instantly was light relaxed and I couldn’t stop smiling for hours. Cloud 9 feel, pretty sure that what I saw was proof to me that I, that we, are not in this alone 👍🏻 Good feeling. I hesitated reaching out, but I’m glad I did so at my wife’s behest. Immediately after the event I took my phone out and checked the airspace using Flightradar24 app on my iPhone  I can’t remember the exact time ( I’m proving to be a horrible witness) but I do know when I looked at the radar that it was very weird that there was clear airspace at least 20-15 mile radius. This is very unusual for us being in flight path for dfw airport as well as love field in Dallas. I don’t have any professional witness credentials but I am an avid outdoorsman and firefighter paramedic and I know I’ve never seen anything close to this and I am, for some reason, trying my best to rationalize what I saw. My eyes are in the sky a lot these days bc my wife and I had to witness one of our two little dogs getting eaten in the pasture next to us by a dozen vultures. So I’ve been paying attention to the sky since that happened a month ago. I have seen so much aircraft being over a flight path and am familiar with living things in our sky. This was incredible. I hope in some way this helps your cause as I now know the people who are this passionate about ufo have probably experienced an event similar in nature to mine. Thanks for listening
