{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-20 11:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117405","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5285991.json","updb_database_id":5285991}
Glowing objects in daylight sky revealed as triangular crafts

Witnesses, including ex-military witness with 40+ career in military/commercial aviation, spot 3 very large extremely bright led-like glowing orbs in perfect horizontal line on horizon flying north to south toward north rim of Frenchman Coulee gorge while viewing waterfall on opposite side of gorge. Orbs seemed to hover in position to form 3 vertical orb formation changing to 3 orb horizontal formation without appearing to move into position high above north rim of gorge. Orbs then appeared in a triangular formation, again we did not see them actually move in or out of positions. Orb on right position of triangle then slowly meandered to the right (eastward) then immediately snapped back into formation (westward) in a second. I observed this orb then rotate from left to right (west to east) revealing a triangular silver craft/side with a multi-dimensional surface that was brilliantly reflected in the sun that was overhead at noon. The two other witnesses claim the other 2 orbs also rotated. With the rotation, the glowing orb-like light seemed to have a more oval-like shape on the side away from the sun as the light was still with the left side of the craft. The craft then rotated back east to west and was hidden in the orb light. The orbs then continued their flight path southward, going very high overhead of our position on the roadway. We spotted another group of 3 large orbs-lights spaced apart on far horizon line in distance (northward on the horizon line over the gorge rim) and decided to leave the area. We declined to record images, thinking phone cameras would not record this very well and didn't want to stop watching aerial display. Perfect blue sky, no clouds with airline contrail visible in sky in center eastward position with orbs far below contrail. No sound whatsoever at any time.
