{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-03 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5490991.json","updb_database_id":5490991}
{rjl} Moon ejects enormous beam of light that hovers1

I stepped outside onto the deck in my backyard to talk on my cell phone when noticed something in the night sky that looked like shooting stars, but, they were shooting UP towards the moon! In fact there were many of these "flashes" zipping about, so I got off the phone to film the moon & make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me. What I caught on tape astounded me. 

When I began to film the moon I was feeling weird as if, I should not be filming and began to feel foggy and confused. The only reason I stopped filming was not because I lost sight of the moon or objects, but because, I felt that I was mechanically driven to cease and go back into the house. Once inside, I lost about an hour and a half of time. I was not drinking nor was I tired, as I was very wound up after seeing these things. It's just odd1the only way to explain what I witnessed, is that the moon was shape-shifting. The moon appeared to DRIP a massive beam of light that remained stationary, hovering vertically, beneath the moon before returning into the bright face of the moon in an upward FLASH a few seconds after it disappeared from the (my) field of vision. (Not unlike a shooting star going in the wrong direction1up!) Video 1:17 long shows what I saw pretty clearly. The encounter was so BIZARRE that it even COMPLETELY changed my voice1as I had expressed utter disbelief. Note: this is NOT my first encounter. I have seen UFO's before, up CLOSE and too personal--this is just my first time reporting my encounter because I caught the Alien Shenanigans on tape this time!

As I continued to stare at the moon in shock I kept noticing a Saturn orb-like light that just hovered beneath the moon at approx the 5:00 o'clock position in relation to the moons surface. It continued to move slowly about at will so it was not a planet, a big bright star or an aircraft. The video that is 1:07 seconds long, shows this object move from that position (5:00) to the 1:00 o'clock position in the last 2 seconds. (Zooming in helped) After I zoomed in I could see so much more, it really has to be seen & observed to be believed. 

I hope that MUFON can enhance and clean up these videos and maybe reveal much more than we all expected!
