{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-21 18:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5289991.json","updb_database_id":5289991}
Bright Lighted Object observed traveling from the NW on a clear night.

We had just finished dinned, and at 6:30 PM, I noticed that our dog needed to go out. I called for him and I was waiting by the back door which faces to the NW. As I stood there, I noticed a bright white object off in the distance to the NW. I immediately thought it was a bright star or planet, but then thought I'd never observed such a bright celestial object positioned in that direction. I stepped out onto my patio and I realized the object was not stationary, but that it was moving very slowly towards me location from the NW. As the object got closer, I could clearly see the object was in the shape of a bright white ball. Even from a distance I could notice that the object did not have any flashing navigational lights. At the time of the sighting, I had a clear unobstructed view of the object due to the clear sky.

As the object moved closer, I excitedly called to my Wife to come outside. I pointed up to the object when she came out, to have her be my witness. I said, "Look, this object doesn't have any blinking lights", and my Wife agreed. I went inside to retrieve my binoculars to view the object but did not observe any additional features. As we both watched the object Its flight path took it almost directly overhead. Then the object began to make a wide, slow turn to the NE. The object was not making any sound and no other aircraft were observed in our vicinity during the sighting. 

As we watched the object move to the NE from our backyard, our view started to become obstructed by our neighbor's tall trees. My Wife went over to the front of the house and called to me saying she could still see it. In the backyard, I was watching the object through the trees, but soon my view was blocked by a house. I then went into the front yard where I could see the object again. After a minute or so, the object disappeared from view. The sighting lasted for about 6 minutes.
