{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-26 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121480","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2853,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5281991.json","updb_database_id":5281991}
Huge round orange ball that looked like a camp fire

On March 26th 2022 at dusk I was driving on Route 412 in Ottsville and made a left on Park Drive East when I saw a huge glowing orange ball in the sky. As I drove faster to see it better as some trees were in my way, I stopped at the stop sign on Frogtown Road and made a right and immediately pulled over. I rolled my window down and watched this fiery orange ball of light just hover in the sky. It didn't move, change colors other than looking like a campfire would if you stared at it with flaming edges, nor emit any sounds, and it was over the tree line across a farmers field looking East. I was stunned because the sun in the West behind me was nearly fully set, and I went through any number of things that it just couldn't be. It wasn't a shooting star as it did not move and those are small, nor any distant planet it was far too big ,or flare as those are very small, it wasn't even close to looking like a hot air balloon, it wasn't any kind of lit up lantern, it was perfectly round and HUGE. It was not a moon because the phase was nowhere near even full. If you were to compare it in size, of it in regard to what the size of an airplane would be, the airplane would be a speck in the sky. The sky was right as the sun was almost completely set, light and dark blue with some parallel to the ground black clouds around it. I wish I would have taken a picture of it but I sort of felt frozen while I tried to figure it out. It was mystifying, it blew my mind. Then, maybe after about a minute, it just wasn't there, kind of like the effect of turning off a light bulb. The size of this was immense, it reminded me of looking into the sun, even the size of it, but a bit smaller than the actual sun in the sky. I'm going back to where I saw it, at [ Redacted] to ask if the home owner who had a driveway full of trucks warming up, to see if they saw it, too. When I told someone else who lives about an hour away, she saw something on the same day at the exact same time with the same description and thought it was a full orange harvest moon which it could not possibly have been. That's why I feel better about witnessing it, because someone else saw it, too, but in the Langhorne, PA area.
