{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547991","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2377,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/991/mufon-5547991.json","updb_database_id":5547991}
Bright-white horizontal streak across the sky

On October 15 about 9 p.m., I was sitting on the front porch, looking at the stars when a bright-white light streaked horizontally across the sky at due north. The light appeared suddenly from a point below a very bright star and terminated below the next very bright star. (Sorry, I don't know astronomy so I don't know which stars. According to a constellation map I looked at, they could have been the two lower stars in the Great Square of Pegasus.) It lasted only a second or two. 

As far as distance, the only way I can explain it is this: If I hold my hands above my head at the same spot where I saw this flash, the distance between my hands would be about two feet.

The light was very bright, much like that given off by a sparkler. It did not resemble a meteor at all, especially because it maintained a horizontal course and did not arc or bobble. 

I associated its sudden appearance and disappearance with acceleration. It reminded me of all the sci-fi movies I've seen where the captain orders warp speed, leaving only a flash of the ship behind before its sudden disappearance.

I immediately telephoned my neighbor, who is a member of the local MUFON chapter. She interviewed me, asking very specific questions, about what I had seen. She believed it was a UFO.

My first reaction to the sighting was bewilderment. ("What the hell was THAT???") Shortly thereafter, I realized the sighting was in the same general area (due north) as unexplained round flashes (similar to a camera flash)I had seen on two previous occasions.

FYI: My friends and I often gather on my porch in the late evening to listen to music, philosophize, and enjoy the night-time sky. We are NOT UFO watchers, except for the MUFON member.
