{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-15 06:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5523357.json","updb_database_id":5523357}
I was backing out of my driveway at 6:20am headed to work seen something that wasn't normal, decide to drive toward what I was looking at to investigate

I left for work at 6:20am on 10/15/2011 as I was backing out of the driveway I noticed 3 strobing lights close to the ground, but at tree top level, which was odd because living in the country and being a sky watcher I know all the towers in the area I had drove past my best friends house the night before 10/14/2011 about 8:00 pm (she lives 5 houses down from me in a rural area, she was out of town for the night and asked me to watch her house and I didn't notice anything unusual then. But when I was backing out of my driveway at 6:20am on my way to work, I seen 3 strobing lights in a triangle shape, just about the tree line. wasn't sure what I was seeing so I decided to investigate. I drove to the end of our road, and the closer I got the strobing lights stopped, the weather was very windy so I thought I might have seen something flapping in the wind. But the farther I got from my house I seen nothing. I eventually turned back around and headed back toward my house. As I was driving I noticed that I could see the strobing lights again in my rear view mirror, I stopped and turned my head and looked behind me but there wasn't nothing, I started driving again, looked in the mirror and there it was, I repeated the stopping and looking behind me several times, and each time nothing was there. But when I looked in my mirror the triangle was there strobing. I finally started to get a little freaked out and made a beeline to work which is only 2 miles from where I live. I told my boss what I experienced. When I got home I told my husband what happened and asked him to go with me so I could get a better idea of what I might have seen in the day light, the first thing I notice was that we have alot of treeline and where I see this thing was in a u shape between the trees so that means it was higher up then I first thought. and it was in only one area of visibility, so that explains when I was driving back that it would be out of sight. When we drove farther down the road to where I stopped and turned around, it's open space, just fields and sky, so not sure what happened to it. But all I know is it was there, bright, strobing red in a triangle and it was huge, I know that because when my husband and I went to investigate the area I seen it in there is no doubt in my mind that this thing was huge. I had been up since 4:45 took a shower, ate breakfast and was wide awake when I left for work. I know our area really well I've lived here for over 9 yrs and know all the towers etc. I just want to know if someone else reported anything strange. my friend that I mentioned earlier has seen very strange things over the corn field behind her house, one night she was outside smoking a cig and seen very strange lights over the corn field behind her house, she went to investigate by walking to the fence separating her yard from the field and got so freaked out she ran back in the house, drew the cutains closed and cowered in the other room waiting for something to happen. She has said she has had a lot of experiences since moving into this house, which was this last spring. Please let me know if anyone has reported anything Thank you. Call my cell phone(number moved to FI Box) cms 10/15/11 23:47 flg if I don't answer please leave a message I'll call you back thanks
