{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68211","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5491357.json","updb_database_id":5491357}
{cak} at a frinds house. she woke up with blood all around her in bed

I had been at a friends home near buffalo MN for a seminar. Staying at her home with a few other people, one being a minister. I headed home sat afternoon so I could get ready for work. As I drove away from my friends home my vehicle started running worse and worse then quit. I managed to get it started and drove back to my friends home. The vehicle ran perfectly by the time I was back.The minister said he prayed that I would come back. He needed to pray for deliverance for me.
Went thru the deliverance that night. Nothing changed in me.
I spent the following night at my friends home. 
Woke that morning to her yelling frantically for me. She was clearly shaken. Took me upstairs to her bed room. Her husband had already left for work early am. 
She turned on the light and showed me the room. There was blood all over the bed, headboard, carpet, pillow. Only on her side of the bed. She was done with her menstrual cycle and well into menopause when this happened. There went any blood on her- she undressed infant of me. . and asked me to tell her if she has blood or marks on her. She was so scared! At the point when I saw the blood a memory flagged thru my mind. I could see what happened. 
We called the minister and he told us what to pray. Then we cleaned the blood out of everything. It took us half the day. My friend told me to not tell her husband. She was afraid of him knowing.

As for what happened: my memory is of two tall beings bringing me into her bedroom. They were going to teach me how they do what they do. But it was to be a lesson for me and a warning. First they put a watery gel on my arms up past the elbows and had me pass my hands thru my body then the wall. Then they made me touch my friend. Then they opened her up- like filleting a fish or an autopsy. I could see every bone nerve vessels. Then at one point I was told to do something and refused. It was a moral decision on my part. Ethical as well. When I refused to do as told I was shoved back and told to watch. Then told. Humans need a lot of training to control their fears and emotions.
The people my friend told writing text horrified and I was asked to leave her home. I planned on leaving any how because I didn't want anyone else to be hurt.r
