{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-17 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5285357.json","updb_database_id":5285357}
Jupiter crumbling

I was looking at the moon to the South, at about the 11 o'clock position in relation to the moon was Jupiter. At about the three o'clock position was Saturn. I was looking at Jupiter and Saturn with my mother, (Name Removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL), through binoculars... when I saw something that appeared to drop out of Jupiter...like a piece of Jupiter had fallen. I saw this through a pair of Celestron 15x70 Skymaster binoculars. Thinking that it was something with the binoculars on the lenses...maybe light refracting... I pulled away and saw it with my naked eye. My mom saw it too and at first, we thought it was a meteorite... but it was going far too slow for a meteorite...but far too fast for any kind of plane I've ever seen. A white streak going STRAIGHT down! Just above the horizon, it abruptly pulled up and it went from a white streak to a reddish/orange light with a blinking white light on the side. I followed it with my binoculars as it flew North across the Salt Lake valley but it was moving so fast, all I could see was a bright orange-red light with blinking white... couldn't make out the shape. There were commuter planes in the sky. I could clearly make out their shapes, especially through the binoculars, there were lights where I would expect light. I could hear their engines, I could make out their shape. The unidentified object had no discernible shape, just a reddish-orange ball with one blinking white light. It appeared to fly north past Salt Lake International airport. I could see commuter planes taking off and landing at the airport, and it clearly continued north past the airport. Then, I saw two smaller planes moving southbound from the north, flying very fast in a very tight formation that seemed to be VERY interested in whatever this was. Hill Air Force is located about 45 miles north and the 2 were easily discernible as planes. As the planes closed in, the object shot off over the mountains to the east. Maybe it was some kind of military aircraft.... but it dropped from what looked a hundred miles straight up to just a few miles above the horizon in about 3 to 5 seconds, before sharply pulling up before crashing into the Earth. I can't imagine any pilot being able to withstand the g-forces that were created by a descent that we witnessed.
