{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63043","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3571,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5496357.json","updb_database_id":5496357}
{dr}Four Slow Moving Identical Black Triagles Following Each Other

In early March 2011 my nephew (22) and I (43) were traveling South on US1 in Lee County NC approaching Sanford, NC. As we drove we saw far off in the distance ahead of us a collection of red and white lights, it looked like lights you would see on a cluster of radio towers. As we drove toward the lights we noticed that the lights were getting closer to us and that they were not lights from radio towers, they were attached to individual crafts, the crafts were flying in a straight line towards us, maybe 1000-1500 feet in the air, they were black isosceles triangle shapes with slightly longer sides than the rear of the craft. Each had a single bright white light in each of the corners and a slightly larger red light in the center. The vehicles were very large and if they were 1000-1500 feet in the air I would estimate the length to be about 600 feet and the width across the back to be about 400 feet. As the first craft approached it flew directly over my truck and made an angular turn towards the east, the second craft approached and made the exact same turn at the exact speed at the exact point where the first had always maintaining the exact distance from the first craft. There was a gap of perhaps 2000 feet between the second craft and the third craft, the third craft was followed by a fourth craft. All four were identical and silent. The third and fourth crafts maintained the same distance between them the first and second had demonstrated then copied the exact movements of the first and second crafts with the same precision. It was like two sets of pilots performing the same flight plan with incredible precision. Once the four crafts had made the turn to the East and they resumed the straight line formation, they shot forward in the blink of an eye and came to stop or slowed back down to the original rate of speed we had observed. I would guess they traveled 6 or 7 miles in less than a second without a sound and then were able stop or slow without noticeable braking, it was just start stop, no gradual acceleration or deceleration. No noticeable change in altitude, they appeared to be hovering or slowly trolling the skies over the small town of Broadway, NC. While the crafts were still approaching us one after another I told my nephew to pull over as I wanted to get out and watch them but he would not stop the truck as we drove with the crafts low on the horizon we lost sight of them behind the trees. He was very freaked out by the events. I cannot stop myself from scanning the night skies since then. We were close to my house at the time we saw them, when we got home we replayed the story a dozen times trying to make sense of it. To this day I believe I saw something either extra-terrestrial or some sort of government ultra secret high technology like nothing this world has seen before. I am betting on the ETs though, this was far too advanced for us yet.
