{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-11 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2869,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5291357.json","updb_database_id":5291357}
Looked like the moon was falling out of the sky

It was 31 - 35 years ago, between 1985 and 1989. It was my birthday. We were leaving a restaurant, we always went there for our birthdays as kids. It was around 9pm or 10pm. Heading to the car. Absolutely clear night. I looked up to the night sky as I always did, and saw a very bright star. I started to make a wish on this star when suddenly it started descending very fast, very smooth. Still walking I alerted my parents and little sister. We all watched as it got bigger and bigger. I was so confused, and because of its growing size and brightness I thought the moon was falling out of the sky. I then thought it was a meteor and that it was going to crash right into us. But then it suddenly stopped. When it stopped, to the naked eye it was the exact size and looked exactly like a full moon with all its brightness. There were other people in the car park. At least 15 people. One car was leaving and turned back to park and the occupants got out to look. Another car just stopped where they were and got out to look.
There was no sound coming from the object, and although this thing was as bright as the moon, there was no light beam. It did not light up the whole area. It was dead still. It was round and because of its light, I definitely couldn't see details. It was exactly like the moon. It stayed there long enough for people to run inside and call others, although no one did. Everyone just stood there looking up. Then suddenly it moved a few feet to the right and then shot straight up. We watched it get smaller and smaller till it was the size of star and kept watching till it was smaller than a star until it was out of sight.
My parents were very freaked out by this and told us to not broadcast it in case "people" came after us. I do not know if it was reported by the other 15 people.
Since the age of Internet, I have been looking to see if anyone from that day had reported this light. But have found nothing. When speaking to my parents and sister they are convinced it was in 1989 on my birthday in July. When I research that year I do find that a UFO crashed around May 1989. Its known as the "Kalahari Crash". But my sighting was in the July. Could the crash and my sighting somehow be connected?
