{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-03 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31505","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5524357.json","updb_database_id":5524357}
Large illuminated sphere (Star like, but seemed too large and too close)

I was with my wife on the balcony of the Hilton at their Melborne Beach Oceanfront location. We were looking at the stars in the clear night sky trying to identify constellations and pulsars. We watched the stars for nearly an hour and noticed how they moved across the sky over that hour or so, from our view out over the Atlantic Ocean we could observe that the pulsars we saw flickering moved in an upward/ rightward motion over time. I stopped looking at the stars and moved to the bed to watch TV while my wife sat down on the sofa having turned it towards the balcony door to view the ocean and hear the waves. A short while later she mentioned that she saw a really big and bright star, I got up to look and was immediately amazed by its brightness and size as it was undoubtably the largest and brightness object in the night sky. I grabbed our DSLR and tried to get a picture of the star, at first I attempted to set it to the slow shutter manual focus setting, range the object by hand and take a standing freehand shot of it. I got a fairly clear picture with a lot of appendages and short protrusions and immediately recognized that I could not keep the camera study enough to take a stable shot freehand. I grabbed the ice can and a box of cigarettes and made a base for the camera I took a decent shot with a 200mm lense as close up as was possible with my camera. I used the camera's after shot zoom in function to see the object closer and noticed that it was accompanied by two small red orbs (too small or too far away for high resolution viewing) These orbs may might be lense artifacts, I'm not sure, but they were not equal distances away from the main object as one would expect if both objects were both artifacts of the lensing apparatus. My wife suggested that I set the camera to the slow shutter autofocus setting and let the camera range the object to see if it could range it better automatically, and to my surprize the camera easily ranged the object and put it in focus (tried this before with other stars and the camera cold never adequately approximate the range. Once again I zoomed in and noticed a slightly greenish hue around the object and the same two red orbs near it (again these may be lense artifacts) I took about 7 shots of it over the couse of about 30 - 45 minutes and over this time frame the object only moved upward (slowing and at an unperceivable rate) and never to the right as the other celestial bodies did. I found that odd. There was something strange about this object I felt kind of anxious watching it. The object remained at the same position horozontally relative to the balcony for an undetermined time, as it was still there when we finally went to bed for the night. It did however appear to move directly upward vertically at a extremely slow rate between the time we first spotted it until we walked away from the balcony.
