{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284357","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/357/mufon-5284357.json","updb_database_id":5284357}
Red orb & white orb (circumpunts) same object? with detailed face

My eight-year-old son and I were on our way home at approximately 830 at night when I seen a bright flash of red like a fireball but he quickly through and I self it was just a hovering red orb. I immediately got my phone out as I turned onto the road in which it was in a field over some houses began to film with an iPhone 8 and it appears small in the footage but it’s actually much larger and it is a circumpunct (sphere within a sphere) The first guy and moving the phone but take two seconds or so to settle in the rest of the footage is it movie not the phone I had stopped in the middle of the road and head cars stopped behind me that were also beginning to observe but I had to move we’re not to the next road to turn around and come back I didn’t realize it until I went back and looked at the footage but as I turn my head to go straight ahead driving I took my eyes off the camera is took off at great speed. I turn around and immediately come back to the location only traveling about 50 yards there and back and it was gone. I proceeded to a church where I start the vehicle I got out continuing to heal and filming back over the house is where I had to shut it out even some commentary for two or three minutes then I go to get in the car and as I open the door I just happened to look over my shoulder at what was it extremely bright star I thought but it was the size of about 30 stars and it was about 2 miles away. I begin filming itThis is all on the same video as I zoomed in I quickly realized it was the same object larger in size and appearing white in color. I recorded this subject for several seconds and I believe that it noticed me watching it again and it faded out bright and back up faded out to the point where you really couldn’t see it but once I zoomed in on the footage you could tell it was just still there like it was cloaked. In the end of the video and had to takeoff because someone had threaten to call the cops for trespassing. The video is just over 5 min with the actual footage taking up 2min. Once I got home and zoomed in on the red object you can quite clearly see it change its surface from a circumpunct to having a kinda dome with a hole in the middle to a clear face that I thought looked chimp like until I began to research red orbs later that night and up pops The lost symbol of Ra the circumpunct I which he traveled and also BAPHAMET that’s the face! When you adjust the contrast and other settings you can see an aura around it and the second white object looks like blue flame hot
