{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-08 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5504363.json","updb_database_id":5504363}
{cak} I have seen many

I went outside my side door and lit a cigarette. As I took my first puff, a bright and brilliant green fireball streaked from the sky downward .. I was looking south, and the object came from left to right (west to east) probably at a 45 degree angle from where I was standing. It was very luminous, and left a streaking tail as it descended, but burned out. My guess is it was a meteor, however I am puzzled by the intensity of the green hue. It looked kind of like one of those flaming balls that gets shot out of a roman candle firework, however this object left no smoke trail as such a burning object would (also the object was descending, not ascending ... looked more like an a neon electric streak, is how I can best describe what I saw. I have seen many meteors streak across the sky, but this one was much closer to the ground. The object did however streak at a very high rate of speed like that of a meteor... and most likely burned up in the atmosphere... but it had to have been quite a large chunk of something, made up of some material that glows vibrant green under such extreme heat as entry into earths atmosphere....Never have I seen such a green glowing meteor! Also in the sky there was a commercial jet airliner. The pilots HAD to have witnessed the event for the object appeared to pass between the aircraft and me. The time, was 11;10 pm give or take a minute or two because afterward I went and described the event to a couple of neighbors who were in their garage with the door open but did not see the object.  I seem to recall, seeing a video clip that came from a police patrol cars dash camera (think somewhere in USA midwest) of a green object streaking above and past the car. What I witnessed was similar but not quite as long of distance traveled... then again when observing objects in space , it is difficult to gauge height and distance due to lack of reference points. Whatever it was, it was quite a spectacular spectacle!! Other than the aircraft, there is a high probability that the object was seen by Long Beach airport control tower (LGB is SSE approx 1.5 miles of my place).
