{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5524363.json","updb_database_id":5524363}
lights that move around, pass eachother, and dissappear.

A freind n I had went down a dirt road off of Old Cavern Hwy, not far from my house, as we were sitting there talking & scratching lotto tickets i noticed a light out the window approx 400ft. away i told her "check those out"! While we were watrching the light move around up down left right, a second one appeared, then they were both bouncing around as if they were dancing. The lights went about40 ft away from eachother, then they took off towards eachother and the 2 became 1, then a few seconds later they separated and started bouncing around more. After a few minutes of this a third light appeared and it was red, it was like they were talking to eachother and dncing around. Eventually they all just dissappeared, but i have returned to the very spot on several different accasions and the lights are there, kind of like the Marfa lights of Marfa, Tx. The first time i saw these lights, they scared me crazy!! 
I would go and take different friends with me to see if they saw them as well, and they did. I would not let anyone out of my vehicle, i would keep the doors locked and windows up!!
I can't figure out a "logical" explanation for these lights. They have been driving me crazy wondering what they are. I have been to the area in the daytime and there is nothing out there that could explain this.Alkso i have been there in different kinds of weather- cloudy, raining, clear, windy,calm etc...- and they are there. However, it is not every night that they come out to play, sometimes they're there and other times they're not. I don't know what they are, but it's driving me crazy!!
      Thank You, Tamy
