{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-18 20:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5495363.json","updb_database_id":5495363}
{cak} Very large black V with red lights silently flew overhead through traffic from SE to NW.

I was walking my dog outside my house and was using a satellite app to find satellites while the dog plays and does his business. After finding an watching three satellites and not finding the fourth I heard and saw one of our UH-60s flying past Hershey Park on their way back to Ft. Indiantown Gap. While watching the helicopter and noticing that several other airplanes and commuter jets were in the air on such a clear chilly night; I detected movement out of the corner of my eye. I turned my head and there was a giant black V flying fat from the SE to NW. It had to my best recall, six red lights that I could see on the lower left wing, one under the nose and one I could make out under the right wing in the further most aft position. I initially said 'Holy ?@#$!'. Then I tried to commit as much detail to memory and take measurements. With my arm fully extended and the right hand thumb and index finger fully extended than was the size from nose tip to trailing edge of a wing. It was completely silent. It travelled a heading of about 320-330 degrees. It past over and just behind the Blackhawk I was watching. All other air traffic was unaffected. I waited several minutes after trying to take a picture and no fighter jets were in trail or chasing it. Looking directly at it was harder than using off center viewing which is best for night time. Looking at it directly the red lights were very dim and the craft was shimmery almost like Star Trek Cloaking. With off center viewing you could see the red lights better and the outline of the craft. It wasn't like it was flying. It was like it was sliding on a solid surface. It was so smooth, fast and silent. Whole exposure time was about 5 seconds. To the average person that may not sound like much but to a aircrew member 5 seconds can be an eternity when the adrenaline and training kicks in. I tried to get a picture with my cell phone but once you took your eyes off the craft it was hard to re-acquire the target. then a tree was in the way and then I snapped a pic in the area it would of been in but it was inside the satellite app of my iPhone. Doing my own research it mostly resembled the V from Phoenix. My educated guess on altitude and airspeed would be 5,000 feet and 1000 mph. with zero sound. Heading 320-330 degrees and size estimate 300-350 feet long nose to tail/end of wing. 24 years military service; still active national guard. Enlisted for 15 years and now a Warrant officer since 2006. I spent my whole career in aviation and most of it flying and crewing CH-47 Chinooks. Now a course writer and platform instructor. I know aviation well and I am trained to react and work under pressure and unusual environments. After the sighting I finished with the measurements. Looked up PA MUFON and sent an email. Their report link is broke so I am submitting it here.
