{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5462363.json","updb_database_id":5462363}
{rjl} Seen grey like alien creature

I grew up by the woods and at the age of around 6 years old, I had a terrifying experience. Many times I would accompany my mother to take our dogs for a walk in the woods. Around this age, I was fascinated with different tv programs and what I would describe as doing a witch laugh or cackling. I would do this "witch laugh" when we would walk in the woods because I was trying to master it to sound scary. A few days later I was playing in my backyard with my brother when I began hearing a very hard knocking sound coming from the side of our house. I looked at the house and saw nothing and my brother continued playing. The sound hit the house again and I looked again and saw nothing. This horrendous loud sound (that I suppose only I could hear) hit the house again. For the third time, I heard the loud sound again. Except for this time I had this feeling to turn my head to the left facing our garage by the woods. There is where I saw a grey like creature standing partly behind a tree right in front of our garage. It had would I described at that time "an upside-down onion head" with large slanted eyes, small mouth and nose. It then telepathically communicated my "witch laugh" into my head, but in a demonic sound. My brother noticed something was wrong with me and asked me what was wrong, but I couldn't speak. I could hardly get my legs to move and if my brother wasn't there I don't think I could have moved at all due to fear. The fear it put into me was like nothing I have ever experienced in my life. It began laughing demonically in my head and doing the witch laugh. The sound filled my head and it was deafening. Finally, I could scream and began to partly run, almost falling as I headed for the front door of our house. As I got to the door my mother came running asking what was wrong?? I was hysterical crying and screaming realizing that this thing was pure evil. My parents asked my brother what happened, but he didn't know. I described to my parents what I saw and what it did to me. My parents decided to go out and investigate the tree and garage area, even though I begged them not to. They found nothing nor saw nothing and I never saw it again. 
Many years later I came across a book that had the exact picture on it of the grey alien I had seen called Communion. There on the front cover was the same face of the grey alien creature I had seen. After looking at the content of the book, I knew then that others had seen the same alien creature I had and that this was real.
