{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3345,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5482363.json","updb_database_id":5482363}
{cak} my life is threatened by beings, they declare war with the human race. I have extensive knowledge of them given to me by their enemy, they call themselves annunaki and are huge. Their ships are massive and they are many I need to tell what I know.

my life is threatened by these beings, they declare war with the human race. I have extensive knowledge of them given to me by their enemy, they call themselves annunaki and are huge. Their ships are massive and they are many I need to tell what I know. Every shape and size of ship imaginable. More than 1 race, very technologicallly advanced. They have cloaking capabilities and also use clouds as cover. They have an enemy that they are at war with and have been for a very long time. They are the strangest thing I've ever seen, far stranger than fiction. They are trying to kill me but their enemy seems to be protecting me. They are protecting me because I have information that will be useful to the human race. I .now know the truth about the UFOs, who they are, what they are and their agenda and even where they live and know far more than that. They are the reason the Pyramids were built throughout the world. I know what they are for, they are still in use today. I have basic knowledge of UFO. Propulsion and about anti gravity technology. They follow me everywhere I go. They don't want me to share this info with another human. Their agenda was. 2000 years in the making and I know everything. They are crazy, they are huge and technology that will blow your mind, such as AI androids, genetically engineered bilogical robots, they can even destroy asteroids before they even get close to earth, wormhole technologies and more even stranger. They are also very angry at the human race. I know my life is in danger because of what I know. I. Need to talk to someone about this before its too late. There may not be much time, every human on this planet is in danger right now and I'm the first one they are coming after. They have already killed 2 of my cats and have done something to me that is making me very sick and may soon have to go to the hospital for this. They are here now, so I'm going.i
