{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-10-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5494363.json","updb_database_id":5494363}
{dr}Thought it was plane with red light out,didn't fly, it glowed bright green,hovered over Lake Erie descended, up and gone!

I am so relieved that there is a venue to post this.I have carried this with me for so long! The event happened in 1993 while taking an evening stroll in October along with a friend. As we walked south ( towards Lake Erie ) in our subdivision, we noticed something in the sky over the lake. We assumed it was a plane with a burned out red light, but found it odd that it was NOT flying across the sky. It hovered over the lake for over ten minutes...we stared not knowing what it was. Then, all of a sudden, the green light/object, descended down, then up again and out of sight!!! We were terrified. 

I called the RCMP still thinking that it was a small aircraft that crashed into the lake. I gave them my contact information telling them that I was not high, not drunk, not tired....about one hour later, they called me back to inform me that they had no information about any aircraft in the area. I was very scared. I then told them that I was glad to report this in the event anyone else had witnessed it and they would have a record. 

This has remained unexplained to me for many years. My family and friends have known about this sighting. I searched over and over again and wondered who could / would hear this story. I knew / and know that I did not invent this/ I know what I saw. This light should not have been just hovering over the lake. That was not normal.

I am finally relieved to be able to find this venue to post. Maybe others have witnessed this too.
We still live in the same house and I have never witnessed anything like this again.

I thought at first that it was a flare....but a flare doesn't last that long...and it doesn't hover...and it doesn't have a lime green, shimmering/glowing colour.....and it doesn't descent and then ascend and take off !!

I am not going crazy. 

Thank you for permitting me to post this strange apparition. Would love to know if anyone else ever noticed anything like it. I live in Kingsville Ontario....this happened over Lake Erie.

Thank you again. PS....your form wouldn't permit me to enter my Province; so I had to submit that I lived in USA in the state of OHIO....my country is Canada and live in the province, as mentioned earlier, Ontario.
