{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-08 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488363","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3003,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/363/mufon-5488363.json","updb_database_id":5488363}
{nd} 3 UFOs witnessed during firedrill

I would not like to disclose any information about my school, but I was at my high school when we were sent outside during a fire drill. While walking, I saw my first UFO. It was descending, quickly, and it looked like a silver extremely reflective oval. It was not an airplane, because it was wingless, quiet, and didn't leave a mark in the sky. My sister witnessed it as well. It then ducked under the trees, and we could not spot it anymore. 

Then, while we were all in lines, I spotted the second UFO. It looked like the first, except was red on one side and blue on the other. I looked away and I couldn't spot it anymore. I kept asking my classmates what they thought it was, and all of them annoyed by my persistently asking and my excitement, I did not get an answer. Of course, I got the normal responses of "it's probably just a plane" or "drone maybe?". One girl suggested it was the rocket that was launched by NASA in Virginia, but it very clearly wasn't that because it didn't leave streaks in the sky. It was too high up to be a drone as well.

The last one, was the most frustrating. It was a red wingless object, but with the tail of an airplane. It didn't make streaks in the sky and didn't make a noise, so I knew it wasn't an airplane. If it was an airplane, we'd hear it because of the altitude of the object. It was very reflective. I saw it during the fire drill, but then lost track of it. While walking back inside, I spotted it again.

Then, later, for theatre class, we were sent outside to practice our pieces. I spotted the red object again. It was come from the right side of the sky and would disappear in the middle. I saw it repeat these patterns 4 times, continuously telling the people around me. They all thought I was crazy; they couldn't see it. Until finally, they all witnessed it the last time before we came inside. They all started to believe me, since it came from the exact direction i told them and disappeared in the middle of the sky. 

For all the UFOs, there were multiple witnesses. It's hard to tell how many since the whole school was outside, and who even knows how many people even looked at the skies during it. It was very strange. Unfortunately, I did not have my phone with me during the drill, so I couldn't take pictures. I am praying that other people saw these objects and I'm not being delusional.
