{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-17 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90835","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5469680.json","updb_database_id":5469680}
{rjl} White objects with dark bodys got in formation changed moved right over head, daughter saw also, scared her.

This just happened about 20 mins ago,so it is fresh and clear.

I was in the backyard having a smoke an looking up at the stars. I was looking at one and noticed a blurry line next to it. But the line was getting clear fast and all of a sudden it was about 7 to 8 lights in a straight line next to each other , not behind each other. I can't belive what I am seeing. I'm trying to figure out what they are.

Then another group is suddenly there and mingles with the others then they also line up in a straight line. Something comes out of the 3rd light, from the first group, that almost looked like a shooting star. It was fast left a slight trail and just quickly vanished. Then they quickly seem to get in a V shape. Appears to be kinda low and slow now. About as high as the airliners coming in landing nearby or lower. 

I can tell it / they are going to go right over head soon. So I run to get my daughter. I figured she is 15 and would be believed as a witness. Someone else had to see this so I didn't sound crazy. So since it wasn't going very fast I took the chance. We run back out and it is almost right over head. As we look at it you can see there is more to it than just lights. It made no sound. It was definately something or things there. Not birds or balloons,helicoptors or a jet. My daughter gets scared and runs inside after about 20 seconds. I had to watch it. It almost looked like that they were either one thing or so close together it looked like one solid thing. Then another one of those shooting star things flys off from the front of it. 
As soon as that happened it suddenly sped up the lights in front start to disappear and then it just was gone.

I am stunned. Can't workout what I just saw. I rush inside to hear what my daughter saw. She is sitting on the couch in a blanket shaking and scared. She said she thought it was low and one solid object with the lights either in or on it. It made no noise and was not birds. I had to ask her if that could have been what we saw. She said there was no way it was birds.
I go back outside of course and start looking up again because I am trying to stay calm. She asks me to come back in and shows me on here phone what she thought it looked like. It was one of those V shaped "ufo's". She said that is close to what she saw. Again I am stunned. It is not like her to go look something up. But what we saw, something so not normal, she wanted an answer. I don't have one for her. Then she says why don't you report it. I can't believe what we saw. And she is right, I should. And to see if you can tell us it wasn't what we think it was.
