{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3874,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5487680.json","updb_database_id":5487680}
{jpg} Low flying, slow, silent object with prominent red pulsating light.

On my drive home from work at Washington Dulles Intl. Airport I witnessed a light that was very low in the sky. I had just gotten off of the Rt.28S - Rt.66 Front Royal (Westbound) exit just prior to passing under the highway sign for exit 52 Centreville when I noted a rather large red, slowly pulsating orb of light that was quite low and moving West-Southwest bound passing from over the highway and to the right. As I proceeded westbound I was very aware of the object and noted it's irregularities compared to what I'm familiar with seeing in regards to aircraft and airliners. I was first alerted to it's peculiar nature due to that fact that it was too low to be on the approach path to KIAD's runways 01L/C/R. The lowest altitude an aircraft can be south of KIAD enroute to runways 01L/C/R is from 2,900'-2,300' from 7.7 - 5.8nm and this object was just about 300' higher than the treetops in that particular area. Additionally I mentally assessed the objects features and noted that the only visible light was the aforementioned slowly pulsating red light orb. All aircraft are required to have minimum external navigation lights operable before flying at night, these include red and green wingtip navigation lights, white steady burning position lights, amber/red burning quick/moderate flashing beacon lights on the ventral and dorsal portions of the fuselage. This object wouldn't have been legal to have flown or even be dispatched given its singular large centrally located red light. As I drove closer to it I slowed down and craned my head to get a better look at it, noticing that the red light was very clearly reflecting off of the bottom of the object. I noted that the surface of the object had none of the familiar features I know aircraft and airliners posses, instead it was flat with a very black and matte like surface that only just reflected the very edges of the red light in a manner not like that of aircraft grade aluminum. In addition to slowing down I also had put my drivers side window down to listen to it and to my surprise I heard no noise that an object that low and of that size would make. The objects speed was also quite slow such that I was able to rule out that it wasn't an airliner, corporate jet, GA aircraft or even a helicopter. I've been driving this route for 5 days a week for the past 6 years and am quite familiar with my environment but this was a very out of place observation. In addition I am a pilot who holds several licenses including a commercial pilots license and an aviation teaching license. I work for a major airline and am more than familiar with general aviation, military aviation and commercial aviation having been in the industry since I was 15 y/o.

After arriving home 10 min later in Manassas I parked and pulled out my phone to check FlightAware.com to check flight paths and any aircraft that might've traversed the airspace, taken off or landed at IAD but only noted one departure of a business jet northbound from rwy 01C. I checked KHEF as well but no aircraft on IFR flight plans had operated from the field as well. This was peculiar given that the weather conditions were low visibility and overcast ceilings. prominent
