{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5529680.json","updb_database_id":5529680}
Dim (red but constant) slow moving light, erratic movement, disappearing then re-appearing

I've seen enough anomalous things in the night sky over the years not to become too excited when I spot something unusual now. As a rule, it's airplanes that use strobe lights so it it blinks, it's probably one of ours. I generally take a closer look if the light is constant regardless of direction or if it pulses slowly brighter/dimmer as it moves.

Last night was one of the strangest. It was only a light, reddish, very dim and was way too high up to distinguish the shape behind it but it was the motion of the light that first caught my attention.

I was standing at the back of my house in Bridgwater (Somerset UK) smoking and looking up at the stars. I always look up while I'm out at night, as I say, I've seen plenty of interesting things before so I keep an interested eye open.

I noticed it first directly above me moving from over my house in a westerly to easterly direction. After a few seconds, it changed to southerly, not a gradual turn or banking movement but a right-angled jerk to the new heading. A few seconds later it was going easterly after another jerk to change direction. And so it went on. Every few seconds, sometimes just after one second, this dim red light danced it's way across the sky, generally 'stepping' left then right, north then south. Sometimes a wobbling motion was visible and sometimes, more remarkably it just blinked out, then re-appeared a short distanced away, jerking and jumping as it moved on it's way.

Eventually, it blinked out and I lost sight of it as it headed south. I'm not sure whether it just didn't blink on again or whether its low luminosity made it just too dim to keep up with.

That's it - nothing spectacular to look at, but remarkable to watch with its erratic, sudden direction changes, wobbling movement and constant disappearing/re-appearing. I can't say how high up it was - too difficult to gauge but it was completely silent as it went.
