{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69930","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3727,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5489680.json","updb_database_id":5489680}
{dr}Three white rectangles observed hovering over philadelphia

It was a Saturday night at around 720 or 730. The Eagles pre-season game was on against the Ravens. Me and my friend ordered cheese steaks at a pizzeria that is less than two blocks away. I stayed and watched the game as she went to get the food. As she was walking down Orianna street (right off Girard Ave)going to Cambridge street where she lives, she looked up in the sky and saw three white rectangles. There was a moon in the daytime sky, although the sun was very close to setting, and to the left of the moon were these three white rectangles. She was walking carrying the food and looking at them, she stopped briefly and moved to the side to see if maybe somehow they were being created by a reflection (she didn't think they were, but had no idea what she was seeing). After realizing that they were indeed in the sky she rushed down the rest of the block and got me. She came in and said "Come outside! I want you to see something in the street!" I got right up (this was unlike her, she wasn't screaming but she was slightly urgent) and she told me to put on my shoes but I told her its ok...so I went out without my shoes which really isn't a good idea in the city. I thought we were gonna look at something in the street, not in the sky. She took me halfway down the block and was soooo disappointed "Theyre gone!" she said. I asked her what and she described seeing three white rectangles in the sky off to the left of the moon and said that they were just there. They weren't moving or anything. So I got as much information as I could from her and recreated a photo to show everyone what she saw. The recreation is fairly accurate. She's not really interested that much in UFOs and has never seen one before. To her this is something that will never be known (what she saw). These were not aircraft carrying banners, we see them all the time and know exactly what they look like. She observed these for about 10 to 15 seconds. It was a very clear sky. She had her contact lenses in. The time it took for me to go outside and look in the sky was less than 30 seconds. She has no idea how big they were or how far they were, but she said they DEFINETLY didn't look like something you could start walking towards and soon find yourself standing under...which leads me to believe they were kind of far away. They were motionless and noiseless. She said they looked EXACTLY the same color of the moon in the daylight, which was next to them. She said they appeared slightly luminous. The sun was setting behind them by the way. The photos are recreations that show kind of what she saw...one is the entire block and the other is me trying to recreate three rectangles and the moon. I don't have any photo editing programs so I cant recreate it exactly, but the rectangles were solid with clear definitions and were luminous like the moon in daylight.
