{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5523680.json","updb_database_id":5523680}
Moon-sized spiral hovering off the coast of Queenland, Australia

I was driving southbound on the Gold Coast Highway later in the evening and above and in front of me, I saw what looked about the size of the moon but the moon wasn't out. It was moving in a circle and had a tail (why it looked like the moon, but it was spiraling and stationary). I remember thinking it looked pretty remarkable. The object was hovering smoothly over the ocean near Broadbeach, Queensland. I kept trying to look at it while still driving but then I lost sight of it and it disappeared. I later saw a report that the same sighting (footage on film) was exactly what I saw, but about a week or so beforehand and it was seen in Sydney, not north on the Gold Coast where I was. There may have been reports on the Gold Coast as well but I haven't come across any. I guessed the time would have been about 10pm but I'm not positive. I know it was later at night but not too late.

I am fascinated by UFOs, almost obsessively. And I had almost completely forgotten about the event until nearly a year later when I came across the footage from Sydney. I know it wasn't the same day as the Sydney sighting because I hadn't arrived in Australia yet. How I had almost forgotten is really bizarre, I have a very detailed memory and something like this would have definitely excited me. I remember seeing it and feeling extraordinarily peaceful, no senses heightened. I know I would've immediately gone to grab for my phone or camera to document it but for some reason I don't have any recollection of my reaction for that, and I must not have done anything because I have no documentation. I remember feeling very nonchalant about it (again, very bizarre for my character) and I came home and briefly told my two housemates about what I had seen. That was it. Then I just went to bed.
