{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4205,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5493680.json","updb_database_id":5493680}
{dr]It looked like a bullet and stopped and went really fast

The sun was starting to set and I was looking at the clouds to see what shapes they looked like. I looked towards the cornfield behind our house and there it was. It was a floating elliptical sphere-like thing and I immediately thought of a UFO. I had never seen a UFO before, but only recently have I started looking them up and watching TV programs about them. I didn't know if they were watching me or not. I thought it could have been a drone because if we were going to observe aliens we probably wouldn't just go there by ourselves, we would send a probe or drone or something like that. I saw on some websites and TV that if you know too much information that they would start to watch you. I think that is why they were there. I was scared, but I wasn't that worried because I thought it was just a probe or something. But I was wrong. It started flying in random directions at incredible speeds and stopping instantly. It kept doing this for about 10 minutes. I wanted to run inside to call the police, but I couldn't move. Once it started behaving strangely, I became very hot, like a fever, but it was much worse. I also became a little dizzy and shaky. The UFO was making a static sound, and I think that was what was making me be like that. The UFO finally stopped and just floated in the air for about a minute. The static noise stopped, and I stopped shaking and my temperature went back to normal. I was still too nervous to move. I wanted to run, but I didn't know if it would chase menot. It landed very slowly, and the lights on the UFO turned off. I was terrified. A door opened, and some strange shadow aliens came out. I know the full description, but they told me not to tell anyone too much about them or our "leaders would imprison" me. They spoke to me through their mind. I could understand their feelings, and I could translate their thoughts into English in my mind. They could talk to me from across my backyard with their minds. They told me to come to them. I could barely control my body. It seemed like they were forcing me to walk towards them. All of a sudden, my hair stood up like it felt like there was static electricity all around us. They told me that my planet's life was faulty and that they could fix it. The static electricity got more intense, and I could feel minor shocks all around my body. A lot of bugs were lifted from the ground and were floating in a sphere around the one alien. He said that there were too many problems with us. They said they would start their operation when the eye of power was in control. They said they were leaving and that if I told anyone about them, they would make me their slave that mines their mineral. (By their mineral, I mean a rock that I have never seen, only an image of a silver rock appeared in my head.). They got back in their ship and it slowly floated upwards. After about 50 feet, it started shaking violently and making the static sound again. After 15 seconds of it shaking, I heard a loud boom and I passed out. I woke up at night in a different area in the cornfield almost all the way across it. I walked back to my house and tried to write down everything, but I forgot almost everything. I am only telling you what I remember. I think they wiped some of my memory. I remember them telling me that they had almost full control over my mind. The only other thing I remember is something about another planet in the Eagle Nebula, but I am not sure. That is all I can tell you. I think I told you too much. Right now, my hair is standing up on my head...
