{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-01 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5457680.json","updb_database_id":5457680}
{jpg} 3 bright stationary lights hang for around 20 minutes. Then one peeled away slowly to the north.

I was driving from Wentzville, MO, to Florissant, MO, to my home about two miles from Lambert International Airport. At night, jet lights ascend and descend regularly and circle around the very familiar flight paths. I make this round trip many times a month, to Wentzville westbound days, and home eastbound evenings/nights on interstates 70 and 370. Around halfway on my journey I had been watching the jets as usual when I noticed through my windshield three lights hovering in the sky at about 35-40 degrees to the northeast in front of me. At first, I noticed how extraordinarily large and extremely bright they were, and then realized that they weren't moving. I thought that was odd for jets flying around Lambert Field. Maybe they were choppers. After a couple of minutes, I was already trying to determine what they were jets and why they weren't moving. Leading up to this night for a few nights, I had been experiencing strange car behavior - an intermittent inability to use cruise control - as if it had a mind of its own. I told my wife it strangely felt as if something was in control because electronic devices don't act that way. Then I saw the lights in triangle formation, two up, one down.. 
The three objects/lights remained in their exact position, up and to the left relative to my car as I traversed the final fifteen or so miles home. I wondered what they were and why they didn't move and considered that they might be UFO's/UAP's not of this earth. What seemed so very strange was that I felt personally connected with them and thought about the cruise control phenomenon. They remained in position all the way until I exited the freeway, at which point the lower one of the triangle began to move down and away to the left/north. I was a little off put emotionally but remained composed. I decided they weren't all that big of a deal - or decided I didn't want to deal with them any longer - and entered my house. I took a while to tell my wife about them. And it has taken me probably six or seven weeks to realize that I should probably make a report. I didn't even know where to do that and Googled MUFON because I happen to be watching a recording of Hunting UFO'S; Investigating Alien Hotspots.
  I may be crazy but feel like "they" are attempting to communicate with me. I have no idea why or what they might want or how to pursue the connection. It's up to them.
