{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-04-10 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494680","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/680/mufon-5494680.json","updb_database_id":5494680}
{cak} Vehicles changed direction instantaneously

This report probably doesn't fit in the typical categories of UFOs, no craft or other phenomenon was observed but the event did happen. Hopefully it might be helpful to fit together with some other incident or possibly one of the other people who experienced the event has filed a report with MUFON. If so I would interested in communicating with them.
Sometime during the spring of 1983 I was driving North on U.S. Highway 183 approximately 35 miles North of Clinton, OK. at approximately 7:00 AM. I was headed to a jobsite near Mooreland OK.
The road was dry and the temperature was well above freezing. No black or any other kind of ice was on the highway. The road conditions were good. The wind conditions were calm. I was completely sober, wide awake and clear headed.
I was driving a pickup somewhere between 60 and 65 mph. Two other vehicles were traveling along the same road near me that morning. One was about a 1 mile behind me and the other was about 1 mile ahead. The other drivers and I had been traveling with about the same spacing for 20 miles or more. I did not know either of the other drivers and I don1t believe they knew each other. No other vehicles were in the vicinity and I don1t recall seeing any other vehicles during the journey between Clinton OK and the junction of U.S. 183 and U.S. 270. I had an open top cup of coffee siting unsecured in the console next to me.

One instant the conditions were just as I have previously described, the next instant I became aware that I was stopped, centered in the same lane facing in the reverse direction to what I had been traveling. In other words I was now facing south. My first thought was that the vehicle that had been 1 mile behind me was going to collide with me but when I focused on that vehicle it was also stopped, facing south, centered in the same lane that we had both been traveling. It was still approximately 1 mile from me. I then looked in my rear view mirror at the vehicle that had previously been in front of me. It also had been sitting reversed in the same lane as we were all traveling and was about 1 mile away. That vehicle had begun to turn around. It appeared the driver of that vehicle had begun to recover first, then I recovered, and the driver of the vehicle that been behind me recovered last. In other words all of us had experienced the same event but we seemed to recover in a North to South direction. The vehicle that had behind me and I were oriented in a direction 180 degrees from the direction we had been traveling but were both still centered in our lanes as we had been before the event occurred. I believe the vehicle that had been ahead of me had also been in the same state but he recovered before me thus I did not observe him until he had already begun to turn back around. When I did observe him he was moving and oriented at about 45 deg. to the direction of travel.   
The pickup key was still in the run position but the engine had stopped. My cup of coffee was still sitting un-spilled in the console next to me. Normally if I turned a corner without holding the cup it would overturn. At a minimum the open top cup would slosh coffee out into the console. None of the coffee had spilled and the coffee was at about the same temperature as before the incident.

We all three finished turning around and continued traveling North to the junction of U.S. 183 and U.S. 270. At that point we all paused and looked at each other. Then one of the vehicles headed SE on 270 while the other vehicle and I traveled NW. The other vehicle traveling NW turned off of 270 before I did.
I arrived at my job site at or near the normal time. Because of the length of my commute it was normal for my arrival time to vary by 10 to 15 minutes. I was only late to work on that project on one occasion, that was by about five minutes and I don1t believe it was that day. In other words if I had any time missing it was no more than 10 to 15 minutes.
On the way home from work that evening I drove very slowly through the area where the event occurred searching for skid marks or other signs of causes for the event. There were none. I repeated that process on the following couple of days but did not see any signs.
I never filed a police report and doubt either of the other drivers did so. Basically there was nothing to report, no damages or injuries. None of us ever left the roadway. 
I mentioned the event to my wife when I got home but there really wasn't a lot to talk about, it seemed my mind didn't want to process the events. It was almost ten years later before I began to process the incident and realize how impossible they were.
The Laws of Physics state that this event couldn't have occurred in the manner I have described but I swear to you it did.
