Case No. 1798 12072022

Date: July 11, 2022.

Approximate Time: 18:23 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: S. B. A., 52 years old.

Description: At 19:37 on July 11, 2022, the informant wrote to the SEFAA stating that she perceived what she considered "strange lights in the sky" while taking some photographs. On July 12, she reported the incident, pinpointing it to 18:23 on July 11, 2022, and locating it in the commune of Ñuñoa, in the Metropolitan Region of Santiago.
What was reported was described as green lights with no indication of size.
They would have been visible for 31 to 60 seconds, by one witness. No information
was given as to where they appeared or where they were lost from sight.
The user reported that (sic): “I took a picture of the mountains but I didn't notice the 3 lights that appear in Photo 1 (I had zoomed in to take the picture) and I took 3...later, when I wanted to send them, I noticed those lights.”
At first, I thought it was due to street lights, but on the 2nd and 3rd I noticed
"It's like they're disappearing 2 among the clouds, that piques my curiosity. In the last one, you can see there's just a light and it's like flattened, and the other 2 are like they're disappearing among the clouds (I've never seen them like I said before... that's what I saw when I looked at the photos)."

The photographer was located at geographic coordinates corresponding to the commune of Ñuñoa, in Santiago, in the Metropolitan Region.

Figure 1

Along with her report, the user provided three photographs that were perused.
Through computer programs, it was verified that they were not digitally altered. Although the analysis of the information contained in their files indicated that they were altered during their transfer, it was decided to continue considering the photographs as study material since they preserved their graphic integrity.

The geometric study of each image determined that what the user perceived was actually parasitic reflections, or "flares", and identified the light sources that originated them. (Figures 2 to 4)
Figure 2. Parasitic Reflections in Image 1798-1

Figure 3. Parasitic Reflections in Image 1798-2

Figure 4. Parasitic Reflections in Image 1798-3

Images: The case was studied based on three JPEG photographs, attached below:

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report and the results of the geographic, forensic, and photographic studies, it was concluded that what was reported were reflections.
parasites caused by incident light on the camera lenses used and
which resulted in the light sensor stamping them onto the images. Since these
optical aberrations only existed inside the equipment, they were not seen by the
photographer.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
