{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-22 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546263","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/263/mufon-5546263.json","updb_database_id":5546263}
Extremely bright fast-moving object traversed sky, moved erratically, slowed, changed course, sped, and descended.

At 1am, June 22nd, I walked out to the beach, facing west-southwest toward the Olympic Penninsula. I was observing the moon low over the horizon, describing to a friend how to photograph it during the upcoming full moon.
After quite a few minutes, we turned to head back to the house, located opposite where we were standing, to the east-northeast.
I scanned across the sky as I often do, pointing out various constellations to my friend.
Looking almost directly overhead, an extremely bright flash appeared suddenly and hovered for a moment. I looked around to assure myself that it was not a bright star, noted the locations of Sirius and Saturn, which were two of the brightest objects visible in the sky at the time, and then turned my gaze back upward to directly overhead.
The bright object did not have any flashing lights, but was a solid circular/spherical light. I have observed many many satellites, the ISS, and other celestial objects and know full well the difference between planets/stars/satellites/ISS/meteorites/etc. This was most definitely not any of those types of objects.
The object then began to move quite quickly across the sky to the northeast. It moved faster than any plane or satellite I've ever seen. From directly overhead, it traversed to approximately a 45-degree angle from my viewing location in about 30-45 seconds.
The object then slowed, and changed course, moving not along it's original path (which would have tipped me off that perhaps it was the ISS or a particularly bright satellite, but no) but suddenly to the direct east - in a horizontal fashion.
It then sped up again, and at this moment, it went from a bright white circular object moving sideways (north to east) to a more elliptical object, which changed in hue and tone form a blue tinge to more of a reddish-orangish and dimmer. It then started to descend directly down toward the horizon, but then pulsed momentarily in its brightness, and moved directly vertically back up from the horizon. It paused for a moment, pulsed again, changed hue back to the blue-ish brighter tone/color, and then began descending slowly.
As it descended, it turned again toward a dimmer color. The last thing I saw prior to it dropping behind the tree-line out of my view was it again getting much brighter.
At its brightest, the object was easily 2-3 times brighter than Venus when it's at it's brightest low over the horizon. I looked around the sky for other stars/objects to compare the brightness to, but could find nothing that was even close - it was many many times brighter and larger in diameter than the brightest object in the sky at the time. At arm's length, with my hand held out holding my fingers together to try and judge size, it filled a 1cm gap between my fingers.
The entire time it took to traverse the sky was approximately 3-5 minutes. The first movements from directly overhead to about 45-degrees took 30-45 seconds. The slow movements following this quick initial movement lasted for a few minutes longer in total.
We thought of running into the house to grab a camera, but as it was very very dark there was not likely a good way to capture it, and unfortunately it began to move so fast that we would not have had time before it was gone from our view.
During the entire event, there seemed to be an electrical energy in the air. No sound in particular, but more of a sensation, not unlike the feeling of static electricity upon one's skin. Both I and my friend had goosebumps over our entire bodies and yet felt a particular warmth despite it being 54F outside at the time.

This is but one of many recent sightings that has occurred and that I have witnessed in the past three weeks. there have been many more but none so clear as this.
