{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-29 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287263","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/263/mufon-5287263.json","updb_database_id":5287263}
20-30 silver orbs moving in all directions quickly on beach

I wasn't sure who to contact about this but, I figured I would try here. At 11:30 PM on May 29th in Destin, FL, my girlfriend and I walked down to the beach to lay a blanket down and look at the stars. I sat for a couple minutes telling her about some astronomy facts. About white dwarfs and red dwarfs, that if you stare long enough you can actually see reds and blues and colors of the stars, etc. We started to realize what we thought was a star was moving. It seemed "closer" than the other stars but still very high up. It was not an airplane, or satellite, or the starlink train. It didn't go in one direction, but meandered around the sky. It was very fast. If you were looking at a jet fly in the sky, let's say that would move an inch or two every 20 seconds or so. This was moving maybe 4-5 times that speed. There didn't really seem to be a pattern to its movement. After staring for some time we realized there were many more like this. There were 20-30 of the objects and they appeared to follow all along the coast line. Some seemed to move independently, like the first we saw, randomly going north, east, south, west. Others, in sets of three or four seemed to move as one in the same directional patterns. To confirm, I wasn't seeing things or imagining this, because it was simply unbelievable, I picked one and asked her to tell me which way she saw movement. She described to me the same movements I saw "toward the ocean, to the right, etc". There were no red green lights, it was too high to be drone or airplane and it was not consistent directional movement. The starlink satellite train are all in a line and consistent directional movement. This was not that. They were never close to each other and seemed equi-distant or cross hatched across the coast. Honestly, we were shaking scared and did not stick around to see them leave. We watched for 20 minutes and then left the beach. I am well educated, and a scientific thinker, and I lean more toward a secret military action vs say aliens. The fact they were all along the US coast and that there were SO many of them it seemed like it could be a space array or some kind of defense ships. But they were so fast it could not be any publicly known flight technology. I tried to video it on my phone but it was impossible, they were too high up to photograph and there was light pollution from the hotels/condos. We are okay with the fact almost noone will believe us.
