{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 04:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490263","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/263/mufon-5490263.json","updb_database_id":5490263}
{cak} Observed what I thought was a bright star, when suddenly it slowly winked out.

I briefly stopped back at my house to check on my wife as she was not feeling well. I was on break from work (I work and live in the same town, just a few minutes away.) I arrived home about 4:00 AM. It was a clear moonless night, and also it was the peak of the Persied meteor shower. I had seen one (meteor) on the drive home. Before going inside I scanned the sky once more, and saw a second meteor and a bonus sighting of a satellite moving roughly west to east. I then went inside, checked on my wife, and then went out to my car to head back to work. As I descended the outside steps, I walked a few feet to where my car was parked, and looked up again to see if I could see anymore meteors, when a very bright "star" caught my eye. The "star" was to my northeast at about a 45 deg. angle above the horizon. It was easily as bright as Venus, though not as bright as Jupiter. It was not scintillating at all like a star would do. I thought that it was Venus I was looking at, until I quickly realized that Venus was not in this part of the sky at this time of year. It was at that moment that a very remarkable thing happened. It slowly faded out and disappeared. Like a candle being blown out, (after the flame goes out, and you get that orange glow before it fades out completely.) The whole sighting could not have lasted more than about 15 seconds or so. But as it was fading out, my thought was that it was an airplane going behind a cloud. So I just stared at the area, and waited for the "plane" to re-appear. It never did. But then I also realized that there wasn't a cloud in the sky at the time! You have to understand something. I am an amateur astronomer, and weather observer. I have been scanning the sky for decades. I have seen a lot of remarkable things, but never anything like this. If there is a rational explanation for what I saw, believe me, I would love to hear it. My head may be in the clouds, but my feet are planted firmly on the ground. I am really curious to know if anyone else reported anything unusual in my area that night. 

Thank you for taking my report.

Sincerely,

[Name removed/cms/tg]
