{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-03 03:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489263","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70363","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/263/mufon-5489263.json","updb_database_id":5489263}
{nd} Very bright red glowing sphere bigger then the moon the air around it look like on fire was hovering then moved slowly then descent rapidly

It was around 3am in the morning of the winter of 2012 south philadelphia. After leaving my friends house was walking across the street towards my house.I saw an object slightly bigger than the moon on the corner of my eyes. At first i thought it was just the moon since it was red I stopped to looked it again to get better view. I quickly realized that it wasn't the moon as the object start moving slowly at first to the left. It felt overwhelming as the object was very bright shining down the street brighter then the moon casting shadows. As it was moving the air around it looked like it was on fire it was glowing red. Its really hard to describe it the object was giving off lot off heat you could see the air around it in detail like it was on fire but everything was red. As it was slowly moving horizontal it quickly descended down as I lost visual when it went behind the building which is a school at least 6 stories high. When the object descended down very quickly I started running towards my house and ran up the stairs while covering my head. I don't know why but my first thought since the object shoot downwards once it hit the ground it was gonna create huge explosion.
When i first saw the object moving I looked around to see if there was other people around there was another person down across the street from me not that far as I looked at him he was looking up and around when he saw me and he realized I was aware of the object too as we made eye contact he pointed up towards the object looking just as overwhelming and confused as I was. I regret that I didn't do more took a picture or at least went over to talk to the guy instead running into the house. When you see something your not gonna act as you think you will. I had hard time embracing it even the next morning I had to reminded my self like in back of my mind I didn't want to believed that I saw it but I know I saw it. I looked online that day to see if it was on the news or if anybody else took a picture or posted something about it but I got nothing. I did found a picture of an object that pretty much looked like the one I saw. If I could get a chance to talk to anybody else who also saw the same thing that night would make that experience even more extraordinary as I wouldn't doubt at all if something like that exists that i would be so closed minded and live in the little bubble like a stubborn child thinking we the only ones out there.
