{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508263","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/263/mufon-5508263.json","updb_database_id":5508263}
{nd} Witnessed a large reflective red-orange football shaped object in the clear night sky. After 1 minute the object changed shape, then suddenly imploded at a fast pace and disapeared.

On the night of August 27, 2013 my boyfriend and I were watching local nightly news in our bedroom. My boyfriend had turned off the TV before 11:30 PM. We talked for just a moment and then settled in bed to sleep. He falls asleep rather quickly and normally I toss and turn for a while until I get comfortable. Strangely after 20 - 25 minutes I was still not able to get comfortable to rest. I sat up and dangled my legs from the edge of the bed, I felt sick to my stomach and hot. At about 12:05 AM (now 8/28/13)I walked from our bedroom to the bathroom. As I approached my sink, right away I noticed a rather large light illuminating the sky outside the window above my sink (towards the eastern sky). It was football shaped and looked like reflective red-orange light like from a sunset or something. The sky all around was clear and very dark. This light looked as though it was right over the tree line thats in our backyard - (the object would have been about 45 degrees from the ground. The bright object was extremely noticeable, and my first thought was "wow, the moon looks quite unusual tonight, never seen it do that..". Again the shape of it at first glance was blimp-like or football shaped. It did not glow or have a haze around it, nor a beam of light, everything outside was pitch black and the sky was clear - again it was not hazy or anything. I continued to stand there for a moment beguiled of its brilliance. Then turned a few steps and used the toilet facilities. Then is Less than a minute later when I was looking at it while washing my hands at the sink, I noticed that the object changed shape right before my eyes (I witnessed real shape shifting); it appeared to widen slightly and then curved and rounded more at the top center. At this point in time, I was at a loss of words and felt eerie. Now, I didn't feel like it was the moon anymore and I didn't think that this could be a strange solar reflection of some kind or some rare astral alignment. Then about 30 seconds later the object started to implode at a steady pace right before my eyes (darkness was evenly absorbing the entire outside of the object). At this point when the object was about 40% smaller, I yelled for my boyfriend to come quickly. By the time he got to the window it was the size of a pencil eraser in the sky, and in a flash is was completely gone like - poof, complete darkness.
