{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454263","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/263/mufon-5454263.json","updb_database_id":5454263}
{tjd} In my backyard an object with structure and huge bright light flew over my house, super fast and low with no sound at all.

We see helicopters and airplanes in Arlington all day and night, including Marine One, being next to DC and the Pentagon, and multiple military bases and airports. I’ve lived here for almost 30 years and never seen anything like this before or since. I was in the backyard with my fiancé around 10:30 pm, looking up at the sky, watching airplanes fly by and had just seen multiple helicopters flying around like normal. Then I noticed a bright white light come from behind the house and shoot right over my head. The first thing I noticed was it was low, much lower than the helicopters and airplanes. I could see it had some kind of structure above the light because it was reflecting the city lights from below, but the light was huge compared to the structural part. You could barely see anything but the light. Much bigger and brighter than any helicopter. It also was so fast it crossed above us and out of sight within a second or 2, probably closer to one. It made no noise at all, which freaked me out. It happened so fast my fiancé was looking down and totally missed it. He’s a former Marine who was stationed on helicopters and he tried to convince me it was a US stealth aircraft but again, it was silent and very low over the city-and didn’t resemble any aircraft that’s known to the public. Except for news/police helicopters, military helicopters, and commercial airplanes our area is a no fly restricted zone, being so close to the pentagon and White House and govt buildings. It was so fast, silent and bright that I was very confused and just want to know what flew over my house. I know of nothing that can be so fast and silent-it was so out of the ordinary that other people had to have noticed it that night-I hope they come forward and can help figure out what this was.
