{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-18 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2832,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5488002.json","updb_database_id":5488002}
{rjl} three stars. two looked like shooting stars, second one went backwards, third star went in circles.

I noticed a shooting star (meteor?) south of me while in my back yard. My boyfriend was with me but he missed it. About ten or fifteen minutes later he came over to lay next to me, as he was trying to get comfortable I saw what I thought was a second shooting star but got as far as saying "Anoth..." I never finished the word "another" before I saw it go back wards and do this zig zag between two other stars. I can't explain the feeling, I've never in my life seen anything like it and it happened so fast. I told my boyfriend immediately what I had just seen. He told me it was going to be OK and to just calm down, I had no idea there were tears running down my face until I felt how soaked my sweat shirt and face were. It was terrifying yet amazing. Anyway, we both laid there in the hammock for, I don't know, maybe 15-20 mins and during that time I tried pointing out to him the stars I saw it happen around. Before I know it I see the middle star start doing circles and I freak and he tells me he sees it too. It went up and down, side ways, then in circles. I told him I wanted to go inside, he insisted we watch for a few more mins. I'm going to say it went on for a good five mins. He finally suggested maybe it were a satellite, I agreed but then asked "Well, why did the other star zig zag around it minutes before?" Suddenly the middle star started jumping. I figured it was my eyes from staring at it for so long so i took my eyes off it for a few seconds at a time and focused on other stars then went back to it, but there it was, still dancing around. 
Finally it just stopped and went back to its place. Maybe it was a satellite but can those jump from spot to spot side ways quickly and do fast circles? And why the shooting star (meteor?) fly past it then backwards and around it? 
Truly freaked out. My boyfriend is being so cool calm and collected about this but he only saw the second half but he's just a calm guy to begin with. I on the other hand feel like I just saw a man walk on water. DID ANYONE ELSE SEE THIS? It was North East of Bradley Beach NJ, over the Atlantic or from what I could tell.
