{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-10 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5286002.json","updb_database_id":5286002}
Woke exhausted to find my belly button had filled with blood

Quick background. I've had a number of strange experiences over the course of my life. I'm 51. 

I've had many experiences where I have woken up paralized and saw beings in my bedroom. 

My family had a lost time incedent in Kansas in the early 80's. After the event my sister vomited, and the family and our car had moved 10-15 miles from our original location.

My mom reported to me that around the same time she saw a group of lights decend into the playground directly opposite of our house. Hover silently. Then rise up until she lost sight of it. 

During Operation Desert Shield, while conducting training in the deep desert, my platoon was sleeping in the open at night. Everyone was asleep except for me because I sensed that I was being observed and feared abduction. At the time I was in Military Intelligence, held a TS/SCI clearance, and was a member of the most decorated MI unit in army history.

Current event- sometime between 8-11 August, I woke feeling terribly. I felt something strange in my belly button. I stuck my finger in expecting to find lint, but instead, I found a large blood-clot. I went into the bathroom and tossed the clot away, not thinking it was important. But then I noticed blood-stains on my shirt. I lifted it and found blood around my belly button. I cleaned it out with two tissues, and it bled again. The bleeding continued for another hour or so.

I wondered if I had caused it, so I looked for evidence of that. There were no scratch marks on my stomach. My hands had no blood or hair on them. There was no skin or blood under my nails. There was no evidence that I had caused it.

I believe that this is another experience linked to the one's I'd experienced earlier in my life.

I took some photos and put the shirt into a plastic bag. I did not wash it.
