{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3069,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5505002.json","updb_database_id":5505002}
My friend noticed it following us. When I pulled over it hovered.It moved closer to us, and the light show began. after 25 min. my dog began to growl. I heeded his warning and we high-tailed it. It was as though we had seen something we should not have.

My friend, my dog, and I were driving home early in the AM. She noticed and said look another UFO. I said WHERE? she pointed SOUTH, we were travelling SE at a rate of 110 km/hour. I glanced over and became fixated, so, I pulled over. The lights that were a few miles off in the distance went from green and red to white, as it approached. Once it reached, its maximum distance from us, it hovered. The lights changed from white to colored again and seemed to follow a clockwise, circular motion around the craft. It began very slowly and then picked up speed. The lights were blue and red and yellow and green. It seemed to me, I was being distracted. A feeling of dread began to come over me, as we stared at it. It was an oval, shape. The lights came from the outer edge of the craft, in the middle. Those lights changed from colored to white as it approached us, and then to color again as we stared at it. The craft itself appeared, flat grey, metallic. It seemed to be about a mile or less away. I would say that it was about 20 to 30 feet in diameter.
 As we watched the light show...I had a disturbing feeling of foreboding. I felt as though we were seeing something that we shouldn't be seeing. My little dog began to growl at the same time that feeling took hold of me. My friend yelled WE SEE YOU !!! And I quietly said, Let's get the hell outta here!! She didn't argue. Which felt like a relief, because I was becoming uneasy and actually quite terrified. 
 As we pulled back onto the highway. I asked my friend if it was still there, and she said it was gone.
 This was the only time I had ever witnessed a UFO. My friend said she sees them all the time in Beausejour, Manitoba. I have also spoken to 2 other friends who say they see them all the time. I have noticed a military presence in the area at times, and have wondered about it, as there was no reason for them to be there. No flooding, natural dissters, etc. AND furthermore, no military base either.
 I cannot provide any other evidence, but the area should be explored. I am going to start an investigation. I will be arming myself with cameras, and will diligently record times sizes distances and locations. I have no doubt I will get evidence.
