{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-04 14:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5520002.json","updb_database_id":5520002}
Nothing seen, nothing heard but when I went back to look at the pictures....WOW!!!

The summer of 2011 I went out to California to visit my girlfriends family. They planned a camping trip that was about 6 hours away in Big Sur from their house. The camping trip turned out to be awesome, couldnt ask for a better couple of days in peace. The drive up and the drive back was pretty cool, it was right along the Pacific Ocean; we drove around cliffs and everything. On the way back my girlfriend wanted to stop on the side of the road to take pictures. I think theyre called "Drive Offs", you can stop anywhere they have them to take pictures or go on walks. The one we stopped at had a pathway down to the ocean. I had my Canon Rebel ready to take some scenic pictures...now when Im taking pictures I take more then one to get that perfect shot, and I normally keep people and objects out of the picture. So half way down the path I turned around to get a cool shot of the mountain. I took about ten of the mountain and continued down the path to take others. I didn't look at any of the pictures until I got back to my apartment in NYC. I put the SD card in my computer and called my girlfriend over, at the same time my cousin happen to come home from work. (We all live together) He came in the room and I continued to open the file. I started flipping through the pictures and out of the ten I took of the mountain, one stood out like crazy. My jaw dropped, the room was silent and my investigation started. Ive always been a fan of Space, and obviously if your a fan of space your interested in life other then ours. I couldnt be"lieve what I caught on camera, although I can not confirm what this object is, I was and still am super excited that I got it. Im going to be 100% honest before people start telling me this is photoshoped, Im a graphic designer... this is not photoshop at all!!! I brought the picture into photoshop to zoom in on the object, lets just say it was moving real fast. I don't recall seeing anything in the view finder nor a sound. I definitely didn't see any airplanes in the area the whole time I was camping. There are no wings, no tail, just a cigar like object right there in plan site... I kept looking at the picture while zoomed in and noticed a smaller object below it, almost seems like it was dropped from the original object. After a couple of days thinking about this, I decided to track down the area I took the picture at... Google Earth is pretty great, the location the picture was taken at is:
   Latitude 3611036.90"N
   Longitude 12114139.40"W
After I got this information I started looking around that area on Google Earth, you know for airports, military air fields, Nuclear plants anything that would make this "UFO" interested in that area. What I found was a place called Anderson Peak:
                                         Latitude 3611051.05"N
                                         Longitude 12113834.67"W
Its an observatory, one that supposedly got shut down by the Department of Defense... that really got me interested. Im sure you can find articles on this as Im not allowed to repost websites. I also found another interested thing about this area... how about The Big Sur UFO incident. 
I didn't know who to go to, I searched the web for experts, authors but I couldnt find one I can contact directly. I finally remembered something I read about MUFON, and here I am. This picture was taken in the middle of the day, clear skys with a couple clouds with an HD camera. Out of all the ufo pictures Ive ever seen whether they are fake or not, I think this is one of the best pictures to date. Ive attached the original picture, a zoomed in picture and a screen shot from google earth. I hope to hear from others about this picture and I hope everyone enjoys the picture... maybe someone can confirm what this object is.
