{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-27 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5482002.json","updb_database_id":5482002}
{jpg} I was only Sky watching, mainly watching the creacent day moon on my porch and to my right it appeared, flying. It dissappeared behind a cloud.

I was on my porch watching the crescent, day moon as well as the sky and clouds. I'd normally be watching Anime or something else inside like using my computer but, we had no internet at the time for some people working somewhere nearby.I noticed the object after I shifted my eyes slightly to the right then to a cloud when I was looking at the moon. It was flying in an open spot, right above our Bradford Pair tree then flown West, NorthWest above a cloud and that's when I lost it.
 When I first saw it, I thought,"No, it couldn't be one, could it?". Before I even saw it, I was thinking about how nice would it be to see a UFO at that moment, on this sunny day. "But for me to think that just before seeing that object would be almost unheard of normally wouldn't it?", I had thought after seeing it. I wanted to think out all possibilities before truly believing it was a real UFO. I live near a military base, so we hear a bunch of sounds and see a bunch of crafts flying overhead.In fact I think I even heard a UFO before, a few years ago while taking my dog outside, early morning/late at night. But dismisses it for it sounded too much like a jet yet sounded too short and closer to the ground.
 After losing sight of the UFO, I first talked to my neighbor.Then texted and talked to a friend of mine on messenger about it. He talked about military drones and I looked them up, but none looked like the one I saw, I even took sky pictures in case people wanted to know what the weather was at the time.
 The object was definitely metallic and reflective, it almost looked white for it was close enough to the clouds to reflect them. It was an oval, disc shape but I think that was only so since it was flying on its side in the sky. It also may have slightly moved while flying but it was hard to tell for I am near-sighted, if a far sighted person saw it, they would have definitely seen the whole thing in much more detail and clearly. If I had to guess the type of UFO I saw , it would be the common movie,flying disc type or something similar. When it flew through the sky, it made no sound or anything else, it only flew towards and over a cloud.And the directions it flew towards was a bit difficult to actually tell but West to NorthWest.
 I didn't feel too excited or anything else during and after the experience as I think anything is possible in this world and thought if it was a UFO, that it was pretty cool that I finally saw one.
