{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3321,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5519002.json","updb_database_id":5519002}
I thought it was a planet. But it was much bigger, brighter, and closer to earth.

I was at home lying in bed looking out the window at the stars and 2 visible planets. But that night there was a third visible planet or so I thought. I noticed it because of how huge it was, how incredibly bright it was, how close it seemed to be to me, and the fact that every night I watch out the same window to see the stars and any planets that might be visible. I use an app on my phone so it tells me what constellation I am looking at, and what planets that includes. This particular object has not been in the sky before and my app could not pick it up as any known object. At first I though it was a planet. Maybe Jupiter, just based on how large it was.

It was perfectly round, Extremely bright, so bright I could see clearly in my bedroom without any lights on. I laid down in bed at 10pm and just laid there and watched it. It never moved. About 4am, I woke up to use the restroom, and when I went to get back into bed, I stopped at the window. The object was still there in the same spot. All the other stars, and natural heavenly objects in the sky had moved, but not this one.

Right as I was thinking to myself, how odd that was, the object took off. From a dead stop it took a south eastern direction. I was in a straight line, quiet, and moved fast, but no soo fast that I could not keep up with it. I did not even try to get a photograph, as night pictures of the sky just turn out blurry.

During the sighting I was at first not alarmed at all just curious. Then when it was still there 6 hours later, I was concerned, and when it took off, I felt like calling everyone one I know to tell them about it. I was not scared. I have seen strange things in the sky before. I lost sight of the object because I live in a canyon surrounded by hundreds of pine trees. The county I live in has been reporting UFOs for years. As a matter of fact, 3 days later, I picked up the local paper and read an article about a family who live maybe 1/2 mile from my house who saw a UFO roughly the same day I did. I found this web site because they said they had reported to your site. I also reported it to the local newspaper, but did not contact local law enforcement. I did not feel the need to, as far as I can tell it never touched ground.

A couple of days after the event, I did notice that my body felt as though all my bones were fused together. and I was in a considerable amount of pain. I did see my doctor and he said my spine did seem to be locked tight, but I do have a history of that. I did joke with him that I thought that the UFO did it.

I keep watching the skies, but have not seen anything yet. I will keep trying.
