{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-03-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2785,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5485002.json","updb_database_id":5485002}
Large white cloud w/blue-white pulsating light others with dull hull with small red like darting around behind it.

!968-69 Guantanamo Bay Cuba, I was a Marine on fence line duty. All of us Marine's were amazed at the amount of UFO activity over and around this Base. Virtually every night UFO's were flying over head with altitudes of less than 300 ft. Most of these UFO's were approximately 50 to 100 ft across but to the naked eye came off as a dull hazy hull with a small red light trailing behind it. When I stood guard duty on the south side of the Base I witnessed on many, many nights UFO's landing and taking off out of the ocean. There were large blue lights moving around after their landing in the ocean and then slowly dimming down as they obviously descended deeper.
Now, the most exciting event came when I stood guard duty at the main gate. It was approximately 7pm (dark) when I stepped out of the guard shack and looked across the fence at the deserted Cuban guard house when something caught eye. Behind the Cuban guard shack near the ground was a huge white cloud with a blue/white = Baby Blue pulsating light in the middle of it. I asked my partner to verify what I was seeing because now it had risen up and over the Cuban shack heading for us. Just then, the observation tower call us and was yelling to get the hell out of there. By this time it was to late because the UFO was now above me and my partner.
There was no noise at all, just this Big Beautiful white cloud with a Blue/white pulsating light. We stood there for several minutes just looking at it, then the Sgt. of the guard ordered us to leave the guard shack. We walked to the barracks which is on a hill about 200 ft away where we could observe from a safe distance.
Base Intelligence arrive with a crew of people who began filming this UFO which lasted about 3 hours before moving west down the fence line. The UFO traveled about 1/4 of a mile, stopped for a moment, then like a bullet, shot straight up in the air until it disappeared. I would love to go back there just to see if the UFO's are still showing up. The dates that I have put down is a shot in the dark because that was 50 years ago.
