{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-28 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44242","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5514002.json","updb_database_id":5514002}
{nd} Children saw three lights pass over our house

Our children, ages 9 and 10, were upstairs in the back bedroom and looking outside. There are no window coverings on the windows. The light was not on in the room, but the hall light was on. The back yard is dark, with backlighting from the neighbors. 

The object came from the southwest and over the house, they indicate it was the size of an aspirin if held out from arms length. They saw it flash brilliant red flashing, with alternating white flashes. The object was well over the treetops and in the sky, but it was not a plane, and our daughter says it seemed "close." The object continued flashing alternating between red and white. It flashed more red than white. It was decending rapidly in the northeast. 

Time approximately 8:30 PM CST November 28, 2012.

Both kids came running downstairs saying they saw something really strange, and our son ran right outside and down the street in the direction the light went but didn't see it. I followed him and saw nothing.

Later, our son saw two green lights pass over, going from west to east-southeast about the same height the red/white light passed over. 

I reported seeing the red/white flashing light on December 27, 2011. It was brilliantly illuminated and almost hurt the eyes to look at it. It was situated over a cell tower and then gradually drifted off in the direction of Fond du Lac, WI. I believed the kids when they said they saw this because they were convinced it was something strange. They ran down the stairs yelling, "UFO UFO UFO," but in a very panicked way. They were quite spooked and had a hard time settling down last night. Our son felt he was being watched and was quite frightened by the event. He thought the green lights were eyes that were watching him. I felt strange afterwards too, but it could have been just that the kids were so upset by what theyd seen. Ive never seen them both agree on anything like this before.
