{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-24 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5522002.json","updb_database_id":5522002}
5 witnessed a craft, possibly breaking lightspeed

On the day of July 24th, 2011 and i was outside with My Brother, and 3 other people. One was a friend of mine that i met when i was in middle school and two others that lived close from my house. over the summer We hanged out in my garage, had the garage door open and we would sit at times outside in my ally.It was late nothing excising was happening, skys as clear as can be. It was getting late about 3:ooam when I had the urge to look to my left, I turn my head and to my astonishment I see gold! It literally had the color of gold illuminating off the orb which was solid, shaped like a oval/disk with a dome on top. Whats even more strange is that I seen the craft and it was silver but it illuminated golden color from itself to a point were the gold color looked like a aura around the silver craft.After turning my head to the left i guess it seen me and started to move,fast, my adrenalin kicked(never had such a intense adrenalin rush, first thought in my mind is My friends and brother are not going to see and believe me because this thing reacted fast. My next thought was to yell at the top of my voice to get the attention of both my brother and my friends,even though they close to me, I yelled and pointed at the thing yelling LOOK dammit look, to the left above the wires by the light pole, %&#king look were im pointing. Do you see that please tell me you are seeing this S%@t I went trough all that in almost one second I had to respond quick because as soon as i seen it; this craft increased glow and started quickly swinging to the left and right of itself.each swing to the left and right increased its speed. The craft rocked back and forth 4-5 times. It was going so fast that a tail started showing, was glowing more and more intensive. once the first swing came in and then the second the thing started to produce a tail like a meteorite but its tail Glowed like it was creating its own light. First thing that came to my mind is this thing is Speeding past the speed of light, hitting the air so fast that plasma/fusion was being created from the heat of the acceleration of this spacecraft. Glow was getting more intense, what we noticed was that all five of us felt as if we were looking at God. glow was so bright but not throughout the sky and only in were it flew trough. by now were like 8 secs into looking and the hair on my back is up in the air. You could feel a strong static energy flow and even hear it,heard Quick pulses never experienced anything like it. the craft then changed direction and was going up and down then a super swift Left turn;by now the craft is past any speed I can even comprehend.. I said this must be going at least 100,000mph maybe more. Shocked at what were looking at and at the fact we heard no noises, just static,fast pulsing. Then once it made that left turn I swear on everything the craft shot up so fast that the light from the craft itself bend and like the thing went past the speed of light. Like it kicked in some type of drive and left earths atmosphere. after it was gone and its tail was dispersing and going out like light going out slowly.. 
We still felt the static.. we did not say a word besides wow for a good five minutes then we started talking about what we just saw. Two of my other friends that were there would never believe this if they were not there. There hood so UFO is a joke to them but both of my friends had fear in there eyes. shaking as if they just witnessed the end of the world. One said no that wasnt a UFO, it was a government secret aircraft drone.. he soon cleared up his head along with my other friend. Now they look into the skis everyday. My friend from middle school was just shocked and all he was saying wow now I believe you, at first I thought you were BS with the UFO sighting that you had 6 years ago. That was at the same time,but six years apart. Difference is that I seen a golden sphere egg shaped disk with 4 round windows and I seen someone in those windows as my neighbors, family seen it.This also happened at 3in the morning(don't know what day). Was a long time ago and I was still kinda young that time but I got so scared that I ran into the house and prayed it was a dream but it wasnt I woke up and people told me what we saw. 
I also want to talk to someone about myself its very important and would want someone who can help me out this year for me has been crazy Michigan is the place to come to if you wanna see a UFO ive seen over this year about 11 of them.. last time I saw something was 6 years ago.
