{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-18 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5489002.json","updb_database_id":5489002}
{cak} Red orb appearing, disappearing, reappearing in night sky.

At 7:20 PM Central Standard Time I saw a red globe appear in the sky. I was siting on my porch facing North West, and a red orb
appeared out of nowhere and moved across the sky then stopped and hovered. It almost seemed like it had been sitting there and someone decided to turn on the lights! It hovered or sat in the same spot 
for around 30 seconds, after which time it blinked out again. I ran in the house and called my husband to get the camera and take video.
When I returned outside to see if I could view it again, there appeared what looked like plane lights, at least three of them, flying
in and around the area where the red orb appeared.
Several minutes later, my son and grand daughter came driving up for a visit and I had just told them all what I had witnessed, when
the light show began again! The red orb appeared again in the same general area, but this time to the left of where it first appeared.
It again hovered in the air with the same plane type smaller lights flashing blue, red, and white around it. My husband was trying to 
film it but the camera battery was dead. The orb again disappeared but the smaller lights stayed flying around the area. The larger
orb appeared once again, this time to the right of it's original first sighting. My husband witnessed it twice and son witnessed it three times. I witnessed it four.
We have watched the news for any kind of answer to this sighting, but nothing. No comets', no explosions, zip! I didn't know who to 
contact, so googled lights in the sky over central part of the state, and came upon this sight. My son was completely mind boggled and upset, and didn't want to speak of it with me,
but I am willing to talk with someone if needed. I've never in my life seen anything such as this and felt excitement and wonder to witness it!
In conclusion, the large red orb would changed colors at times, with blue, green, and red, but mainly a orange/red color predominating.
The smaller lights looked as if they might be aircraft as they were much slower moving than the orb. They did however continuously
circle the area where the orb appeared, each time, in each distinct area. The whole experience lasted at least 20 minutes. Again, the 
orb would blink on, stay on for several seconds, move a small amount in a given direction and then blink off, only to reappear in
a different section of the same general area, and blink out again. This is a clear night with no clouds and all the stars shining. The moon was out as well. We lost sight of the orb as it blinked off again and didn't show back up for at least 10 minutes more that we stood there watching.Also,
the smaller plane type lights continue to fly around as I write this message.
