{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-21 01:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5518002.json","updb_database_id":5518002}
{dr}Oval Craft w/three white lights stationary and clearly just inside fast moving clounds. Observed for several minutes but gone when I returned.

SF Bay Area - I stepped out on my patio at approximately 0125 hours Pacific time and was just looking around the sky since Im up all night listening to the radio online. I saw what I thought at first was an passenger airplane until I noticed that it was not moving AT ALL. It was just hanging in the sky motionless. I watched it for approximately one minute to confirm it was not moving... then went inside and grabbed my binos. I got a clear look at a craft which had 3 bright white lights. It was an elongated oval with the 3 bright lights spaced evenly on it. I could make out an outline of the oval as well. I watched it for several minutes with my Binos and it remained motionless in the sky. The best way that I can describe the lights is as if seeing an autos headlights thru a slight fog. This allowed me to see the outline of the object without the lights being to bright to do so. The object was dull gray in color.

I was amazed at my luck so I went inside to grab my camera or video recorder but both had dead batteries. I was only inside about 30 seconds... I went back outside to see it again and this time it was gone... not a trace. No man-made aircfaft could disappear from the sky that fast.

This object had been inside a slight low cloud cover which was moving briskly due to fast cold winds tonight. From where I was, the pan of the Big Dipper was behind this cloud cover and could NOT be seen through it. The cloud cover was there, and moving fast, the entire time I viewed this object... and like I said, the object was slightly inside the clouds but not deep inside because I could see it easily. After going inside for the camera the object was GONE but the clouds were still moving fast. When the cloud cover past completely I could easily see the entire Big Dipper but there was nothing else there that could have been the the craft... so I know for sure it was NOT any star.

I will try and fax a sketch of the object to MUFON if it can be arranged.
