{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-14 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484002","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75844","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/002/mufon-5484002.json","updb_database_id":5484002}
{cak} Two Objects, One White and the other Multicolored, Interacting with Observers

On the night of Thursday, April 14, 2016, at approximately 8:35 pm CST, I went outside onto my back deck to look at the temperature gauge on my new BBQ grill (I had just seasoned the grates) and closed up all of the vents on it before going to bed. The evening was clear of clouds and it was a mild 66 degrees (F). I turned and looked up at the night sky and the half-moon that seemed to be resting directly above my position, when I noticed coming from the southwest over top of my roof, along the same position as the moon directly overhead, was a multicolored light (I could distinctly see white, blue, red, yellow, and green sequences) much larger than a star or airplane light. The light appeared to be approximately 500 to 700 feet altitude and completely silent. The light remained lit and moved very slowly toward the moon1s position, so I believed that soon I would be seeing a silhouette of its body as it passed. Instead, it moved just to the north of the moon1s position in the sky, and began to slow down, at times remaining completely still and at other times slowly moving along its course. Then, as it moved along a steady pace, it began to blink out, turning on and off completely, as I was unable to fully see its presence at times. I pulled out my flashlight (I used a flashlight to see my temperature gauge so as not to draw bugs to my back deck light) and began flashing it on and off in the direction of the light1and it began to flash back at me! At times it flashed its light (soft light, but definitely multiple colored wavelengths) so brightly that it appeared as big as the bobbed head of a sewing-pin and perfectly round in shape1and much larger and brighter than Venus or Jupiter. It began to move slowly around until it had changed direction from 1041 moving east to 1241 southeast. 
Afraid to lose sight of the light, I called for my boys to come witness what I was seeing (my wife was in bed asleep and I did not tell them what they were about to see). My youngest was in the shower, but my oldest son (15) came outside onto the deck and I demonstrated what direction I wanted him to look in. Instantly he noticed the light and how it appeared to be flashing us back every time I flashed it with my flashlight. He, too, noticed that it was the color of the 1rainbow1 and that it was 1bright and big.1 Then while we were watching the first blinking light, another light at equal altitude as the first came up from behind the first object, traveling 3461 north at a speed somewhat faster and smoother than a small Cessna plane. Only this second object was completely white (soft white light, almost a vanilla color), silent, and as large as the first object (about the size of a sewing-pin head). It remained lit the entire time that we observed it (about a minute and a half) and had no other lights (flashing or otherwise) on it. While the second seemed to disappear to the north over some trees, we continued to observe the first flashing light and continued to flash my flashlight at its direction; insofar as it, too, continued to flash its light back at us the entire time, sometimes remaining off for a minute, only to burst with intensity as it flashed back at us. At times the light scintillated slowly and at other times very quickly. It, too, then began to continue on its course until it became difficult to see because of trees, due mostly to its distance from our position at that point (about a mile or so). The entire duration of time watching the flashing light (along with the interruption of the white light) lasted from 8:35 pm to 8:55 pm1a total of 20 minutes! 
My second son (13) came to the back deck, and we all waited to see if anything else was going to take place. We waited for about 20 minutes, when suddenly the second lighted object returned from the north at 9:20 pm, traveling 1161 southeast at approximately the same rate of speed as before. It remained an intense soft white color and had no flashing characteristics whatsoever. Maintaining its speed, the light appeared to slowly change course directly over our position, traveling 901 east, where after about 4 seconds it instantly disappeared or 1cloaked1 as my oldest stated. I had witnessed the same soft white lighted object1same size, color, speed, and altitude1on April 7, 2016, at about 8:45 pm CST. And like this evening [April 14], it was traveling due north, but when two small-bodied airplanes approached its position from the southwest, it made an abrupt 90 degree angled turn east toward the Capitol, only to disappear entirely after a few seconds. Both of these lights, the flashing multicolored light in particular, gave the impression to me and my oldest son to have intelligence. My youngest, too, believed that the entire second event seemed 1strange.1
