Case No. 1281 14092020

Date: September 10, 2020.

Approximate Time: 19:41 hours.

Meteorology: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: D. R., 26 years old.

Description: The informant reported having witnessed and filmed a
Anomalous aerial phenomenon at 19:41 (HL) on September 10, 2020, from Puange, commune of Melipilla, Santiago Metropolitan Region.

He described it as a light gray cylinder, that appeared around
in the west, disappearing from your view "behind the hill Las
"Bandurrias". The user indicated that what was reported was located 7
kilometers away from where they were, "no sound was heard,
it was far away, moving slowly", "from north to south".

He concluded his testimony, stating that "the object disappeared
approximately 3 minutes into the video, following it with my
naked eye from my car along the road from Melipilla to Puangue".

The user's location was georeferenced on the G78 route, between
Melipilla and the Puangue sector.
As support for its report, the CEFAA received a video sequence from which the image shown in the following figure was extracted.

According to the study of the information contained in the metadata of the file, the recording was made with the main camera of a cellular phone on the reported date and time. The analysis of the recording determined that it was filmed through the windshield of a moving vehicle.

For the above, the potential traffic visible from the vehicle's interior was studied.
In the indicated sector of the testimony, it was determined that the last stage of the LAN1983 flight, carried out by the Airbus A320-214 aircraft, was filmed.

The aircraft landed at Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport (SCEL) in Santiago at 19:57, after completing a 03:07-hour flight from Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Airport (SCCI) in Punta Arenas.

Images: A video sequence contained in an mp4 file.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the studies.
Based on geographic, photographic, and air traffic data, it was determined that the reported sighting corresponded to the final stage of flight LAN1983 between the cities of Punta Arenas and Santiago, which was carried out by the aircraft A320-214.
