{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-05 05:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53467","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2979,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5505394.json","updb_database_id":5505394}
{cak} it few in from north ,stopped hovered, moved from left to right stopping at about 50 to100 feet each time moved then dropped below tree line . it was scanning the woods.

On may fourth two thousand ten me and two of my friends "B" and "F" went fishing down at the treaty line ramp near Liberty Indiana. We wrapped up the fishing gear around five a.m.the following morning on May fifth. We parked the car in the third slot from the east end of the lot. After we packed everything in the car I started to the passenger side of car and in the corner of my eye I seen a light moving fast over the trees to the west. When I turned my head to look at it ,it stopped . I asked "B" if he seen the light ,he said" yeah I see it. I sat down in the back seat and when I closed my door it moved south about 100 feet with no sway ,no sound. I told "F" to get in and close the door see if it moved again and it did .I got back out of the car so did "F" we stood there watching this light hover maneuver and hover over and over again .We started walking across the lot heading west toward the object . Another light was coming from below but it was like a flowing light down to the trees. And when it stopped at both points of its repetitive path a dull flash lit the hill under the craft. I seen another couple fishing was packing up down at the ramp and as they drove by I stopped them and showed them the light, thats when it try to hide . I really mean it lowered as soon as I pointed at it but they saw it, it was behind the tree tallest on hill . My friend "F" turned toward me and said its gone I told him to look it was behind that tree and when I pointed it went down. I yelled "it landed" The couple in the car drove off real fast. "F" and I got in his car and left also. My feelings during this event were amazement at first then fear took over about what was going on and what will happen before its over. Every year since I want to go back out there but most people I tell wont go out there . I need a team ,I need tech. support, I want to prepair for the next time. I know it returns I want to catch more than just footage that can be denied I want proof . I need proof . They were not trying to hide at first til I stopped that car . They were not scared of us. Next time I will be ready. EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN MUFON I CALL TO YOU .HELP ME IF YOU WANT TO STOP THE LIES .
