{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-12 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73316","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5486394.json","updb_database_id":5486394}
{rjl} Triangular starlike crafts 7 give or take emitting this blue light as if they were scanning something

Went outside walking with my Father as we usually do at night, these odd blue light caught my eye that was almost pulsating but was very noticeable. These objects looked like stars that is until they were moving in all types of directions not fast but it looked as if they were descending and then asending upwards as well as other directions such as left and right. There was a little bit of cloud cover as well which the blue light that came from these objects made the clouds pulsate blue. When I saw the blue light without the clouds it was very distinct as if you cloud see the light itself, imagine a helix outlined in blue light as if these objects were scanning the sky for some reason. We watched for awhile from the street, I personally started getting an uncomfortable feeling so I suggested lets go back inside. At first we laughed it off but then we both decided lets just go back home. Never seen anything like it, I know for a fact it wasn't an airplane because during this exact time a plane did go over and we could see it and hear it and ID it from its blinking lights. Whatever we saw was moving like nothing I have ever seen in the sky, plus emitting this blue light from these objects as if they were scanning the sky or something, it was basically pulsating at times and the clouds made it blurring as if the clouds turned blue but when we saw the same light in an area with no clouds it produced a very distinct blue light as I stated earlier that almost look like a helix of some sort. 

Whatever was producing these lights made no sounds and resembled stars yet they had three lights almost as if you could imagine three stars bunched together per object forming a triangular object that was emitting this blue type of light that would pulsate and then retract/repeat itself as it moved in an odd fashion.
Too be honest I don't know what to think, as to what we saw but it was definitely not an airplane nor an actual star.
