{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-23 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29295","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5526394.json","updb_database_id":5526394}
Tiny white silent slow moving light approximately 40 feet from witness moving horizontal 2 feet off ground & rhythmically switching on-off.

This sighting is being reported by Investigator Beverly Trout for the witness, [witness name removed/cms/tg]. 

On May 23, 2011, at 1:30 a.m., a female witness, in bed on their 2nd floor with her husband, awakened to the EXCITED BARKING OF ONE (1) OF THEIR THREE (3) DOGS. Her husband, who did not get out of bed, said, 1Oh, I forgot to lower the shades,1 meaning, the window shades in the sun-porch-like room on the lower level of their 2-storey house where the three (3) dogs are always penned in at night. (They have cats, but the cats were shut into a spare bedroom on the 2nd floor of the house, so there was no opportunity for excitable interaction between the dogs on the first floor and the cats on the 2nd floor.)

The witness says it was perhaps 10 seconds after the dog started barking before she got out of bed.  Her husband stayed in bed as the female witness looked out their 2nd storey bedroom window and saw a tiny, white. silent light (twice the brilliance of a firefly) moving along their front yard fenceline in the direction of their neighbor1s home some 100 feet on along the road. (Witness thought the light was on the outside of the fence, but says she can1t be totally sure it wasn1t on the inside of the fence; she believes it definitely was not in the roadway.) It should be noted that this is a dead-end road so traffic is minimal, and that the LIGHT WAS MOVING AWAY FROM THE DEAD-END, RATHER THAN TOWARD IT.

Witness observed that this tiny white light ALWAYS STAYED LEVEL AT ABOUT TWO (2) FEET ABOVE THE GROUND, AND ALWAYS MOVED AT A STEADY UNWAVERING HORIZONTAL PACE, WITH NO ZIGZAGGING OR SIDE-TO-SIDE MOTION. She also observed that the LIGHT SWITCHED ON AND OFF IN A REGULAR RHYTHM. She was reminded of her husband1s electric toothbrush light, which switches on and off in its charging rhythm. Witness indicates that the light seemed mechanical, and her estimate is that the on-off intervals were a bit longer than one second; she actually estimates 7-8 per 10 seconds. This figures out to 17 to 20 times during the 25 seconds she believes she had the light in sight. (It should be noted that no fireflies have yet been seen in that area, nor would be expected this early in the season in the state of Iowa.)

Witness was surprised to observe NO ILLUMINATION FROM THIS LIGHT.  (It should be noted that there are NO SECURITY YARD LIGHTS IN THIS AREA, and witness indicates total darkness.) She was also surprised that only one (1) dog excitedly barked, since the usual pattern is for all three (3) dogs to chime in when one of them gets excited. Witness also notes that the dog which barked is the 1smarter1 of their three dogs. 

Distance from the witness1 vantage point to about mid-way along the front yard fenceline where she first saw the light moving, is approximately 40 feet. Witness observed movement of this light for a land distance of some 40 feet, that is, from mid-yard fenceline to just past the driveway gate area where she lost sight of this tiny white light as it made its way on toward the neighbor1s house, and was obscured by vegetation.

As stated above, she estimates that the light was moving so slowly that she had it in sight for about 25 seconds, in other words that it moved a bit over 1 1 feet per second, which figures out to a bit over one (1) mile per hour.

Her husband indicates that if his wife had thought to tell him right away that the LIGHT DID NOT ILLUMINATE, he would have probably gotten out of bed to look out the window, also.

Witness says she was looking out at total darkness. Since the moon was only 5 degrees altitude at 107 degrees azimuth, the moon apparently shed no appreciable light on the area of this sighting.

Witness checked the time as 1:30 a.m. just before she went to the window and saw the light, but says SHE DID NOT CHECK THE TIME WHEN THE INCIDENT WAS OVER.

Witness has excellent distance vision, and so wears no glasses except for reading purposes. 

Investigator Trout called the local police department and was told they had received no other reports in the area.

[[[INVESTIGATOR1S NOTE: It should be noted that this family moved to Iowa from another state in the Fall of 2010, and that Investigator Trout has known this family and has had a sense of their credibility for some ten years. It should also be noted that family members have a history of abduction, that is, two adult children, as well as at least one of the parents. They have no wish to have their identity known. Some years ago, one of the parents underwent a rather traumatic hypnosis session with a well-known hypnotherapist, (who frequently speaks in public), and has never had a wish to pursue any further probing into the abduction experiences. WHETHER THE CURRENT REPORT INDICATES ANY CONNECTION WITH THE FAMILY ABDUCTION HISTORY, OF COURSE, IS NOT KNOWN; it simply deserves to be mentioned here.
