{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-23 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5472394.json","updb_database_id":5472394}
{cak} Orange plasma cone, shcokwave/dissaperance, reapperance, secind shockwave

This event took place at 11pm, at chuckwalla raceway in southern ca. I went outside to enjoy the stars. There is almost no cities around so the stars are intesnsely bright. was enjoying the view when i noticed something out of the corner of my eye, A very bright orange light was traveling slowly and horizontally across to the sky towards the west. The orange light was brighter than any star or planet. coming off the light was an interesting trail of gas like material, it was coming off in a triangular or fan shape (possibly conical) There were 2 primarily bright trails coming off the top and bottom of the object that faded in both axis': between the two trails, and in the area behind the object that it left behind. It was traveling very slowly, and the trail behind it grew in size, the two brighter legs getting wider (or taller) and the entire trail extending farther behind the object, and lasting longer. The trail looked like a very fine gas, and was glowing a very similar color of orange to the object its self. It looked like plasma. I watched the object in amazement for about 20 seconds, until suddenly the light emitting the trail dissapeared, and from the place that the object vanished a shockwave propogated through the trail behind it, causing the trail to dissapear quickly, as the trail was pushed by the shockwave, it looked like a piece of cloth being blown by the wind. everything dissappeared, and then 2 seconds later the orange light re appeared infront of where it vanished, and starting from the light a trail of bright gas began to be emmmited from the light, it moved slowly across th3 sky for another 2 oe 3 seconds and then disappeared again with a second shockwave,

The object did not travel very far across the sky, maybe 30 degrees horizontally across the horizon over 20 to 30 seconds.
