{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-08 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43829","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5514394.json","updb_database_id":5514394}
(GS) me Standing, looking East, saw bright white object decending at 45 degree angle, lost sight behind tree, building

At approx 8pm on evening of Thursday 11/8/2012 I was standing outside in clear cloudless night in the Presidio National Park of SF looking ~~ ENE at what I thought was Jupiter. I had seen this "star" for a number of days so I looked it up in a star app on my phone, and if I did it correctly, it was Jupiter. It had recently been very close to path of the Moon. (I only include this in case it better helps in the direction of the object).
 While just turning to look up I saw a large white object traveling from basically north to south at a descending angle of appox 45 degrees. I lost sight of it behind a low tree, which I felt was too far away for me to run to in order to see remainder of its path, since of its steepness. 
 The direction it came from would have taken it first over Angel Island and I think the Delta, then over the water of San Fran Bay east of the Golden Gate Bridge, and depending on size, distance, west of the Bay Bridge and Alcatraz.
 I missed the partial second in which it would have come into view due to when I looked up.
 The object was very bright white, did not change color nor angle. It made no noise, and frankly I was waiting for a lough noise of a crash.
 It was not high enough to have entered the atmosphere (if it did come from far out)anytime shortly before I first saw it since it seemed quite low.
 It was big, nothing like a star or meteor from a shower, and it was single, during the time I saw it. I did wait a minute or two in case another came, and I don't know if it was preceded by another(s).
 Again, it was big, about the size of an aspirin held at arms length. So of course its actual size I can not guess at. It was not slow, maybe as fast as a Blue Angel during Fleet Week demos, but also did not have a speed anywhere as quick as a meteor from a shower.
 Frankly I was waiting to hear an explosion due to how low it was and its steep angle. (no sonic boom, either.)
 The size, elevation, distance etc in previous section are, of course, approximate, but again I repeat, no matter its distance, it seemed big!
 I mentioned it to a few people, but none saw it. I looked through local papers with same result. I also Googled for it (altho not until Saturday, 11/10/20120) with no results.
 Altho I frequently go to UFO sites, watch documentaries, etc., which often have info from MUFON and others, I mistakenly did not consider making a report. This is my second time seeing something unusual, but my first time reporting anything. 
 I am surprised that others did not see it, or report it if they did. Then again, neither did I until time passed.
 I don't know if you answer questions, but DID anyone else report this? It was very impressive.

Thank you for your time, hopefully what I wrote made sense. I realize this is most likely one of the more mundane reports you receive, but at lease it was not a Chinese lantern, nor any fireworks from recent sports victory parties.
