{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3579,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5549394.json","updb_database_id":5549394}
A friend and myself, while taking out the garbage, opened the front door and both saw a perfectly white sphere approx. 1.5 to twice the size of a basketball with different sized spikes of white light protruding from sphere.

A friend of mine Alan and myself were taking out the garbage. It was night time. We were young so we each had one side of the garbage can. As we opened the door,@ the Village Two condo's where my father was the maintenance man, we both saw the star like spere with spikes. It sat stationary approx. 20 feet above the parking lot. It made no noise and seemed to emit no light wich seemed odd because it appeared to be made of light. It's edges I remember well because they were so sharp. They, to me, looked absolutely perfect and symmetrical to the atom. It was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. The sphere with the spikes looked large. It's longer spikes were probably 3.5 to 4.0 feet long. The spere was probably 1.5 to two feet wide. So it may have been up to 10 ft. from point to point. We both stared, jaws dropped, for a minute or two. I then ran inside to get my father. " Dad, Dad come quick!" I said. "Hold on son just a sec." He replied. Come on! Come on! I exclaimed. "What is it son?" "Dad theres a UFO or something outside!" He finally ran back with Alan and myself to the front door. The object however was already gone. Years later, approx. 10, on the way back from the beach another friend and myself saw a similiar object. It was a similiar sphere only this one was about .8 of a foot across. He got a better view. I was looking at the girl in the back seat. I saw what looked like three or four different patterns of spikes emitted from the small sphere in only a split second. It , from the corner of my eye, looked like it almost hit the car so I looked out the back window for the object instead of turning around but I did not see it. I then turned from looking at the back seat and sat down. I waited for a while observing the oncoming car lights and streetlights. I knew that neither was what I had just witnessed. I turned towards Jeremy to tell him what i saw. He was looking forward with both hands on the wheel. He had a funny smirk on his face. He looked over at me, I was already looking at him, and he said, " Man your not going to believe this but a star thing just flew over the car." He said he could see it off in the distance as it swooped downwards and headed straight for our car. I would guess that it was only 3/4 of a foot above the car as it passed over. Jeremy said it was spinning as it flew. During both occasions I had no doubt that what I was seeing was either angelic or extraterrestrial and definately not man made. Would you please let me no if you have had similiar reports or know what you think I might have seen? P.S. The second sighting was on the way to Houston from Surfside Beach. Circa 1989.
