{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-20 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5485394.json","updb_database_id":5485394}
at first it was an orange orb and shortly after that it took shape like an angular craft but it was cloaked

After our city was struck by a flash flood which claimed hundreds of lives, my brother in law and I were finishing up cleaning our house. The subdivision in where our house was like a ghost town because most of the residents had to evacuate the area. there was no electricity and water for more than a week because of the damage the flood caused. a few days after our slow and tedious cleanup of the mud inside our house my brother in law and I went outside our house to do a last minute checkup of the perimeter, he noticed an orange orb and called my attention. as we were observing the orange orb it changed shape into an angular looking craft and it was clearly cloaked. there was no electricity so we could clearly see it against the backdrop of the evening sky. if there were streetlights on you wouldnt be able to see it because of the interference of streelights glare. its trajectory was semi circular. as it neared the back of our house where the cagayan de oro river was it began to descend. i was full of excitement because i couldnt believe what i was seeing and yet here it was in front of me. my brother in law was freaking out and wanted to get the hell out of there but i wanted to go to the area where it was descending. thinking of our safety i decided not to pursue my wanted course of action. it wasnt until last year that i stumbled upon the picture of the black knight and i was sure it was the thing that we saw. i just want to add that the night before we also witnessed a blue light slowly ascending into the night sky and when it reached a certain altitude it shot up like went to warp speed. I was lucky to have my brother in law with me during both sightings because i know we both saw the same thing.
