{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-06 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2558,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5500394.json","updb_database_id":5500394}
{nd} Giant fireball type light in sky that changed from round to short fat cylindrical or bell like shap

I was inside watching TV when I saw a very large incredibly bright fiery red/orange shape in the sky that I could see outside my patio door. I went immediately outside to see it and I observed it change shape and direction. It was close above the tree tops somewhere around 150 to 200 yards. The object was very large and round at first but when it changed direction it also became longer and more like a fat short cylinder that was larger on one end or bell shape. It looked like the depictions of UFO's on some religious paintings that I've seen. It pulsated and had edges that looked like a living fire in the sky. It moved very slowly, and seemed to change direction as if it were guided in some way. I called my husband to come look and at first he said it was an aircraft of some sort. I said that it was definitely no plane. I had been watching it by that time for at least a minute. It was headed easterly from a southeast direction. After tracking it through the trees in my back yard I went out to my front yard to get a closer look since it was heading to a more open vantage point. By the time I arrived in front it was simply gone. After looking for it for several more minutes, I heard a series of booms then some rumbles far off in the distance.  I've seen heat ball lighting and this was nothing like that. It was much larger, brighter and had what seemed like directional, hovering and shape changing ability. This was no orb, as it was not smooth and it pulsed like it was on fire and had fiery edges. It was also no comet or shooting star as it moved slowly and at one point hovered. I felt inside that it was moving with intelligent direction. It disappeared from an open section of the sky where it had been just moments before in the very short (seconds) amount of time it took me to run to my front yard. I will never forget what I saw. Awesome...
