{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-11 06:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5523394.json","updb_database_id":5523394}
Hat shaped object hovering near Newhall Ave Exit off the 14 Freeway at Newhall

On Tuesday morning about 6:30am I was driving to work on Hwy 14 South. I had to slow as usual near Placerita Canyon Exit and proceeded at a slower rate (45mph) towards Newhall Avenue. As I neared the exit I noticed a dark object near the power lines to the East. I thought it was a helicopter at first hovering to watch traffic. Usually this occurs when there is bad traffic so I thought it unusual and it was darker than I would have expected. As I came near I looked over to see the object. The helicopter I expected to see was not there. The object was dark gray without reflection. Since it was not what expected, I stared for a moment trying to decide if it was a group of dark bags or material but that wasn't right either. The shape was closest to a hat with high brim and low top. It did not move. It hovered stationary. Morning light was just beginning to make dark objects stand out. I did not see it move in any direction. Due to the heavy traffic at this time of the morning, I was unable to observe it for any extended time. When I had driven past the point of seeing it directly out the side window, I followed it in my side mirror until I rounded the curve in the road. Seeing an object in the sky that I could not explain has never happened before. There wasn't a place to pull over on the highway. I wanted to be able to see it better but it was impossible. After I lost sight of the object I called my husband to tell him about what I saw. I wanted to describe the experience to someone so they could hear the details as I remembered them right away.
