{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-06 15:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/394/mufon-5504394.json","updb_database_id":5504394}
{nd} Bartonsville, PA - 3:45 - 3:56 p.m. - Mar. 6. 2014 - Brilliant Object in SW sky - Photos attached

Greetings:

Okay . . . Here's how it went. On the afternoon of March 6, 2014 at around 3:45 p.m., here in Bartonsville, Pennsylvania, I was on the back enclosed sun porch making some JPG photos of old silver dollar coins. It's nice and bright out there in late afternoon so natural light is all that's needed with the camera ISO set at 400.  Was using an old Nikon D1H digital SLR because it somehow takes better close-up pictures than my later model D2 series camera. 

While working there making close up photos, I happened to glance out the window to the southwest and noticed in the blue sky, numerous military jet contrails. It was first pondered as to what might be going on to get such weekday afternoon military plane activity. Looking up again towards the now broken whirlee-gig windmill atop the rear deck upper railing, a blotch of what appeared to be rainbow colored light was seen shining from behind an odd wispy rippled mackerel skin like cloud. That was about 3:48 p.m. then with the afternoon sun getting low in the west. It seemed then as if the sun was perhaps shinning into the cloud at a precise angle and reflecting ice crystals making the rainbow colors.  Took the D1 camera that I was working with at the time and strolled out onto an ice free area of the back deck to make a couple of pictures. 

About the same time, the light from within the cloud became extremely bright as if something very shiny was up there reflecting the sunlight. Noticed then was a stream of what appeared to be exhaust smoke or maybe vapor clouds on the right side before the blinding bright light. I realized then that what was being seen was NOT a rainbow but something else.  After clicking a couple of more pictures it was seen that the camera battery on the old D1 was getting low. 

I returned inside the house and grabbed the Nikon D2HS camera with it1s fresh charged battery and a clean memory flash card with 2.1K empty picture slots. By the time I got back outside the bright light had faded along with most of unusual wispy mackerel skin cloud.  Instead, there was more puffy little clouds in a row leading to a strange stationary rust colored blob in the same spot in the sky. Took some more pictures of the unusual clouds and returned inside. Coming back in, I happened to glance outside again to see the reddish blob turning into a brilliant blazing light that was more defined and with what looked two headlights. The skies all around were also again filled with crisp fresh jet contrails. Noticed too was that the light from the object was shining or reflecting like beams into surrounding clouds.  The wispy rippled cloud around the object appeared again and seemed to get bigger. Series of pictures was made within probably seven or eight minutes. Though I was tempted to put the camera on motor drive at 8-frames per second, it was decided to make more carefully composed individual pictures with foreground images shown so to help with perspective and location.  In total, there are probably 20 or 25 pictures made with two professional grade digital cameras.  Of those, some look to be washed out before a lens hood was installed. The images on the original memory cards have not been modified so that the sequence of photos can be verified.  

Attached please find three sample pictures taken yesterday of the described thing in the sky. These are in sequence with time gap between. 

This is F.Y.I.
