{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-09 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494029","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65467","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/029/mufon-5494029.json","updb_database_id":5494029}
{cak} The object was large when I spotted it then slowly became much smaller. Watched it 2 nights in a row.

On the night of may 9th, 2015, around 9:40 PM Eastern Time (GMT -5) I saw a light in the sky outside my window. The light was bright enough that I saw it through 4 layers of dusty glass and just by glancing up from my computer monitor. The light was in the sky just above where I look to see my computer monitor. At first I thought the light was a low flying commercial air-liner. That should give some idea of the apparent size and luminosity of the object. 
I regularly observe conventional aircraft flying past my window as that area is an approach and departure lane for flights to and from the Tri Cities Regional Airport not far from here. The object I saw seemed out of place because it appeared to be coming at me nearly straight on, which is a flight pattern I have never seen from this position before. The Light was white in the middle and very bright and about 15 or 20 times the size of a common star. All around the white light were smaller lights of different colors which included red, green, blue, yellow, purple, and orange.

At first I was only able to see the red and white lights and this is why I thought the object was an out of place airliner. Something didn't seem right, even aside from the fact that I've never seen an airliner flying this way before, so I decided to keep watching. After only a few minutes my eyes had adjusted somewhat and I was able to see the other colors of light and, by this time, the object hadn't moved so I knew that it wasn't a conventional fixed wing aircraft. The next thing I did was kill all the sources of sound and light in the room and open the window to listen for rotor noise. I could not hear any. I knew that even if the object were a helicopter or a UAV I might not be able to hear it due to distance, wind speed and direction, noise pollution, or possibly because of rotor silencing technology. I kept watching. Soon after I started listening for rotor noise, I closed my window and headed towards the back porch. As I was walking down the hallway I saw my father, [Redacted], who had just returned home with my Mother, [Redacted]. I told him I was watching a UFO and he went to the back porch with me to see it. He saw the object and promptly went inside to get some binoculars. It was his opinion that the object was 1something1 meaning it wasn't explainable or conventional. The 3 of us continued to watch the object from the back porch for a while before I went to get my binoculars. I was not able to get a perfect focus with my cheap binoculars but I could see the object and its multi-colored lights in a little bit more detail. After struggling with the binoculars for a while I decided to go inside to get my camera and tripod. After figuring out how to set my camera for long-exposure I set it up on the tripod and put the lens on the object and took 3 or 4 pictures. I also took 2 videos. I continued to watch the object for a total of about 3 hours before I finally had to go to sleep. The object slowly became smaller and smaller until it was only about twice the apparent size of an average star. The object never moved in a way that was noticeable over a period of less than 30 minutes. The colored lights continued the entire time I watched the object. Some time towards the end of my period of watching the lights/object I posted some pictures on facebook where it received a lot of attention from my facebook friends. At least 4 other people (7 people total, including myself) saw the object and, strangely, one of the people (person 2) told me he was looking in a different direction than I was looking to see the object. This seems to suggest to me that the object was not celestial/astronomical but was actually inside of Earths atmosphere or that the object moved a very long distance before I spotted it. The people who said they saw the object are [Redacted](Person 1), (Person 2), and (Person 3). (Person 1) said that another person that he was with also saw the object. (Person 2) and (Person 3) gave the direction of the object as 1due west1 and 1North East1, respectively. (Person 2) was about 7 or 8 miles from me when he saw the object. I do not know where (Person 3) was when he saw the object.

The next night (May 10th/11th) I saw the object either near to or in the same place it was at the same time the night of the 9th. The object was a smaller size than it was when I spotted it at the same time of night on the 9th. Other than its size, the object was the same on both nights. I watched the object for about 2 hours on the night of the 10th/morning of the 11th (Until about 12:30AM). On the night of the 11th I went to my sisters house to borrow her Nikon DSLR camera so that I could get some better pictures but it was cloudy that night and, if the object was still there/had come back, I could not see it. It was also very cloudy on the night of the 12th. Tonight, which is the 13th, I took my sisters camera and my tripod outside to get some pictures, but I have not been able to locate the object even though it is only slightly cloudy. There are lots of trees surrounding the yard so the object could be out there somewhere where I can not see it. I will keep watching the skies as I always do and take more and better pictures if it comes back.
