{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453029","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/029/mufon-5453029.json","updb_database_id":5453029}
Organized orbs/lights, straight path movement, fixed width apart, multiple

Myself and two others witnessed a stream of lights, moving in what appeared to be a straight path, one after the other to a certain point then disappeared.

The lights seemed to be the same distance apart and separate from each other. They were very high in the sky, well above the jets flying in the area, but moving MUCH faster than a jet. They simply looked like lights all moving at the same speed.

We pulled out binoculars to attempt to locate red/green aviation lights but did not observe any. There was no sound and the lights did not appear to grow dimmer or brighter but did disappear, one by one when they each reached the same point in the sky. I personally thought that one appeared to turn at a sharp right and accelerate a very short distance and disappear with a very, very brief streak behind (not bright) but the lights were moving towards the full moon (bright) and maybe my eyes were playing a trick on me trying to adjust. There were SO many I lost count. There were def more than 10. 

The space of movement as observed from the ground was so large that you would have to turn your head from left to right to observe their entire path. They seemed almost directly overhead, with their path taking up the majority of the viewable sky. In other words, you couldn't just look up - you would have to look all the way from your right, to your left - to follow the path as they moved across the sky.

We easily observed the movement for at least 20 min. I had time to run inside 3 different times to find binoculars and they were just steady coming, one right after the other. We tried to catch it on a phone camera but the brightness of the moon and the height of the objects did not make that feasible.
