{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-12 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457029","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104547","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2363,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/029/mufon-5457029.json","updb_database_id":5457029}
[rjl} 25 to 30 lights (star like) traveling in single file spaced the same distance apart

On November 12, 2019 at approximately 19:30 hours I was driving home from work and had stopped at the interestion of 30th Street and Breckenridge (facing the north) in Enid, OK. Just after making a left turn (heading to the west) I happened to look up through my front windshield (in about the 11 o'clock position) and observed approximately 25 to 30 lights traveling in single file, spaced exactly the same distance apart, heading in a SE direction. The lights had the same appearance (color and size) as the surrounding stars. I pulled my vehicle over to the side of the road and exited with my cell phone in an attempt to video the series of lights. As I was attempting to get my phone set for video I watched as the lights started to disappear, with the leading one first. The lights disappeared, one right after another, except for the three trailing. Out of the three that was trailing, it appeared that the center light disappeared but the other two continued on the same path as all the other lights had previously traveled. Once the two objects, which had remained lighted, reached the area where the leading lights had first disappeared, they too, went dark. Even though these lights appeared to be star like, they traveled a long distance in a short period of time. If I was going to draw the series of lights on a piece of paper I would show them in single file, spaced (from my vantage point) about .25 inch apart from each other, traveling in a straight formation. None of the lights produced a tail that would make a person believe it was a meteor. Except for the two trailing lights, all of the lights seem to disappear in order, one right after the other. No sound was detected.
