{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-02 22:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292029","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111299","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3132,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/029/mufon-5292029.json","updb_database_id":5292029}
Star gazing and spotted multiple objects appear and disappear

Was doing some night time sky watching when I witnessed multiple objects appear and disappear. I drew a sky map of my directional view that I will include. I spotted them to the west just over the tree line. There is a very bright star or planet that sets fairly low in the western sky about this time of night and slowly drops over the horizon as the night goes on. The Big Dipper is to the north of that and then there are some other stars that are kind of above and between those. Right now the moon is very bright and is coming up behind from the east. It is so bright that it washes out most of the star light on the western horizon. So there are only a few that can be seen. Some of the Milky Way can still be seen above me a little better, but it too is mostly washed out. But the western horizon almost looks blue like the sun is coming up. It was about 10:40 when I thought I seen a flash of light to the west. As I began to watch more closely I spotted the first object (1) very low in the western sky and began to take photos. As I tracked it going north(ish) with the camera I could see it fade in and out then it disappeared. It traveled a very short distance. I lowered the camera to see if I could spot it again. I seen another different object, (2), was slightly south west of where I spotted it the first time. Only it was heading north easterly toward my direction. I found it with the camera and started taking pics again then it disappeared as well. (the first two happened one after the other) As I looking for the object(s), a third one (3) appeared a little bit after in the same area only slightly higher moving to the north. As I took pics it would disappear before reaching the Big Dipper. Within the same minute a forth one (4), or it could have been the same one sense it was going this direction, appeared extremely bright just off the lower star of the Big Dipper and traveled north east for a very short distance and disappeared. I only got one picture taken but it didn't show anything of this one. A couple a minutes later a fifth one, (5), came from behind the horizon traveling north east and then disappeared. Sometime after a very bright light lit up, (6), in the general area as the others. But quickly disappeared before I could get the camera up. It didn't travel, as far as I could tell. It just became really bright and then just was gone.
