{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-08-12 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530029","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25467","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2384,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/029/mufon-5530029.json","updb_database_id":5530029}
It looked like a comet, within the earth's atmosphere. Moving about the speed of a plane.

I was spending the summer in Gander, Newfoundland. Visiting my cousin. I don't know the exact date, but I know it was late in the summer of 1993, if my memory is correct.

We were on our way to our friends house in Gander. Everyone was socializing on the back patio. The back yard has a treeline. On my approach to the back yard, I looked at the back of the yard, and I noticed something above the treeline. It was hard not to notice because it was so big and close to the ground.

I really had no idea what it was, and I still don't. My first thought was to alert everyone else so they could see it.

What we saw that day was shaped like a comet, flourescent green, and very large. It was travelling about the speed of a plane, like a plane you see leaving/landing at an airport.

I passed off the sighting as something I didn't know and that it was a single incident, but after talking to a few other people about the incident I found out it wasn't the only sighting. My aunt seen the exact same object on the highway outside of Gander International Airport. Again the same thing was seen in the wilderness of Labrador by another acquaintance. He told me that he was walking to a cabin during the darkest of nights when the whole area was lit up by the exact same object I seen.

I came to the conclusion that it was more then just a fireball or comet, since it was seen by three different groups, at different times, at three different locations.

I would really like to know if anyone else seen something like this in other parts of the world. All these sightings were in the same year and was never heard tell of again. It would be interesting to hear more stories about it.
