{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5527533.json","updb_database_id":5527533}
on the west-side of kauai i witnessed objects for several hours doing unexplainable manuervers at super sonic speeds

(please excuse my lack of capial letters and proper punctuation)
my name is *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg) i am 41 and grew up in auburn washington. i moved to the island of kaua'i in 1992 where i resided most of the last 18 years. i actually have had 3 other unexplainable observations in my lifetime, one other at this location, but i am detailing this particular one which i feel is most significant. i remember the date because school had just gotten back into session and it was a monday, which is my ideal time to head to the westside and seek out some surf and solitude at my very favorite place in the world, a remote, secluded beach area known by surfers as Queens Pond. its about a mile or so from polihale state park and it borders the navy base which is called PMRF, pacific missile range facility which is one of the most top-secret and secure areas in the world. its public knowledge that the star wars defense system was created and kept here on the base and in the mountains directly behind. its rumored that an underground nuclear sub base is also housed here. 
anyhow, i headed out alone from kapaa, about an hour drive from the east side where i lived. i arrived just after sunset and pulled down the beach in my 4wheel drive to my usual spot. and set up camp. i am not a heavy drinker or drug user but i was sipping on a 22oz micro beer, and was no where near intoxicated. i was strumming on my guitar and was taking full advantage of my solitude, there was not a soul in sight. so i was playing my accoustic guitar really loud, cause normaly i don't want to bother my wife and kids and neighbors. i was really getting into the music and it sounded great. the ocean was flat and there never is any maritime activity out there at night. i had been playing for a couple hours or so and all of a sudden i looked up and noticed two lights close to shore, maybe a couple hundred yards. they were flashing and seemed to be too far apart to be the same vessel. i couldn't see the vessels just the lights and i was surprised they seemed to just have sort of appeared. i was facing the ocean and thought i would have noticed them coming up the coast line or something. i also assumed that it was a boat and also assumed it may be related to the navy base. it remained stationary and kept flashing for maybe 15 or 20 minutes then the 2 lights started to cruise out to sea, toward the west. they moved together and i didn't take my eyes off of them as i continued to play guitar. they moved out to sea for a couple minutes, at a normal boat speed, then all of a sudden stopped. they began quivering and vibrating and the lights stayed on, they weren't flashing and they became extemely bright and intense, then in a flash they shot out to the horizon , a very far distance, in a blink of an eye. speeds not obtainable by anything i've ever seen. and i could see the 2 lights all the way out on the horizon and they were flashing again. my jaw dropped as well as my guitar and i yelled "WHOA!!" "what was that?" i didn't pick my guitar back up and had my full attention on these flashing lights out in the distance. after what i would guess to be about a half hour or so the lights started to go up into the air, i would estimate a couple hundred feet or so then back down what appeared to be under water, then back up into the air. this went on maybe 5 minutes or so then they sat back onto the surface, flashing and began to track north. this is just north of the islands of ni'ihau and lehua. and west of makaha ridge on the island of kaua'i. after a couple minutes they again stopped, started to quiver and vibrate then shot off to the north west at light speed and stopped where i just just barely see them on the distant horizon. it was a clear night. at this time at the border of PMRF to my left, an MP positioned himself on the dune and put on his emergency light. (like a cop or ambulance light) and i watchted the 2 flashing lights for maybe a half hour to an hour, then the lights just went out. the MP turned his emergency light off as well. i kept my eye on the ocean towards the northwest and pondered what i had seen. it remained dark and i got bored and strated playing my guitar again. keeping an eye on things. after about an hour (i'm guessing on time, details of what i'm seeing are exact) the area where i last saw the 2 lights, to the north west, all of a sudden lit up like you would describe seeing a big football stadium lit up at night. a huge area. way, way out at sea. and i could see the 2 flashing lights again at the bottom center of this immense "stadium light". the MP turned his emergency lights on again and i noticed at the top of makaha ridge, just past polihale, emergency lights up there. there is a military installation up there which you can see from polihale. you should check it out on google earth there is something very mysterious going on up there. but then suddenly from the top of this huge stadium light came an object flying, towards makaha ridge. it seemed to be a long cigar shape and had several lights all in a horizontal row which seemed to twinkle. they weren't normal lights and it silently approached the island and appeared to land somewhere up on makaha ridge. immediately after all the lights out in the ocean disappeared and the MP's turned of their lights. about a half hour later 2 fighter jets took off from PMRF and disappeared over ni'ihau island. and thats my story. its 100% entirely true. i at first thought what i saw was top secret military technology. but over the years i've put some serious thought and research into this and i think it was military working with extraterrestrial entities. these events i observed on this night and other observations i have made do not frighten me in the least. i find it fascinating and would love to spend the rest of my life researching and investigation these phenomena. i'd be happy to share my other accounts with you.
Thanks for doing what you do!,
  **(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg_
