{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-03 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3998,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5488533.json","updb_database_id":5488533}
Around 5pm on Oct 3, 2015 noticed a short vertical rainbow high in sky. Seemed very odd and lasted for almost an hour and then about a half hour into watching it with binoculars saw two large black discs the size as big as two football fields.

I was working on my computer at home at 5:00 pm today, Oct. 3, 2015. The computer faces the Ottawa River overlooking Quebec, the usual area where I have seen UFOs in the past 4 years when all of a sudden I noticed a strange area in the sky. It was still very much daylight of course but in the clouds there was this vertical column of rainbow. It's the only way I can explain it. It consisted of rows of the regular rainbow colors but it wasn't bent in an arc like a regular rainbow and it was only about what to me looked like a few feet high from here - which of course is far from the actual height of this phenomenon. When I looked through my binoculars it was actually two vertical masses of 'rainbow' one parallel to the other - like rainbow blobs - so to speak.

It was the strangest thing I have ever seen and the other weird thing was that it lasted almost an hour in that same spot. It got a little dimmer, maybe clouds passed in front of it or it dimmed on it's own, but it wasn't long til it was back to full rainbow color strength.

Instinctively I had this feeling that this was just not right and that something else could well happen so I kept an eye on it when I was working on the computer. About a half hour into it, now about 5:30pm ish I picked up my binoculars and looked at the rainbow-like blobs and I was stunned to see these two huge contrails that went from a cloud above the rainbow blobs straight into the middle of the two rainbow things and at that moment they appeared - two long black narrow what looked like UFOs. They were parallel to each other, very close - belly to belly kind of and they were pointed on an angle almost straight down to the river but slightly angled upwards as if they would fly together down a bit then leveled off.

I didn't see them disappear or go anywhere else as I put the binoculars down to catch my breath and when I picked them up again they were totally gone leaving the rainbows behind.

These two black thin UFOs were huge, the way some describe the size of them to be like 2 football fields long. They were very thin as if they were totally seen from their edges and they were slightly raised in the middle as if domed but slightly.

When I have seen other forms of UFOs I haven't been afraid but I have to say this sighting freaked me out.

This sighting has really shaken me up and has put the last sighting of a triangle of orbs far behind in comparison. These two UFOs today were just gigantic. It almost looked as if they had entered through this rainbow portal or something. They didn't fly in from anywhere else in the sky at all they just came from the huge cloud above the rainbow blobs through the centre of the two short rainbows kind of halted there for a bit belly to belly then they were gone.

Would be interesting to know if anyone has ever seen this rainbow blob thingy before too? I sure haven't.

Later on in the evening around 6pm I noticed another two short vertical rainbows like the one I described above but didn't notice anything in it although I had to attend to other things so didn't really look as closely as I did with the first pair of vertical rainbows.
