{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-12 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116849","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5286533.json","updb_database_id":5286533}
3 Lights over the Fore River near Maine Medical Center.

I was driving home, a little past 11pm and noticed 3 violet/red lights flying at a low altitude to the left of 295 south about 1/2 mile from Exit 6B. There is a busy airport nearby as well as a Lifeflight helicopter pad at Maine Medical Center, but these 3 objects did not fit my frequent observation of craft flying out of the airport or to Maine Medical Center's rooftop landing pad. The 3 objects were flying from a southerly direction in a fixed vector Eastward. 

I observed them more closely as I drove south to exit 5A and decided to try and get close enough to film them with my phone camera. As I looked up while driving I could see 3 lights on the one I was focused on, not blinking, not red and green or white navigation lights, but violet to red in color. They appeared on the underside of the craft in a triangular pattern. 

As I drove along the Fore River Parkway toward Mercy Hospital, I lost sight of them but believe that the lowest craft may have drifted into the clouds just above Maine Medical Center. 

I would approximate they were certainly travelling at under 100 mph and may have been at an altitude of 1000-3000 feet maximum. I heard no familiar airplane engine noise when I got out of my vehicle such as a jet or propeller. 

The lights were arranged in a 3 level staggered formation, either intentional or not which I could draw and or possibly display on Google Earth if I was able. 
          
Additionally I am familiar with the flight paths of incoming and outgoing aircraft and understand some planes are given permission to deviate if they are cleared. That being said, they were not flying fast enough to have just taken off, and 3 planes do not take off all at once. I would like to know what the Radar returns from the Airport would indicate or if the FAA has any known small craft traffic in the area at that time? 

I really wanted video evidence but can provide you with drawings and possibly animations if I have the tools and time etc. Thank you.
