{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-29 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31310","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5524533.json","updb_database_id":5524533}
my wife and I were sitting in a large field by our home star gazing when we witnessed several ufos with amber, white,and red colored lights.

Last night my wife and I saw several amber colored lights hovering and changing formations, i.e. boomerang, diamond and v shapes as well as lining up vertically, three to four ships at a time. The Ufo's would move in an erratic jerking motion as they moved through the sky as well as when they hovered. In all there was at least ten ships visible at a time. Some of them were just beneth the clouds hovering or gradually moving in an erratic almost bouncing motion. There were numerous others that were flying in all directions, trying to mimic airplanes and helicopters. One ship flew over top of us at a height of about one hundren feet. It made a sound unlike anything I have ever heard. It hummed and sounded like a blimp and a helicopter at the same time but nowhere near as loud as the real thing,(I grew up very close to pitts. international airport and am familiar with both airplanes and helicopters). As the vehicle passed overhead we seen that it was a triangle shaped craft with two red lights on the backone on each side and a pulsating white light on the front that alternated to an amber color. the craft flew overhead at about one hundren feet from the ground and went southwest until out of sight. This is the second sighting that I have had the first being on june third in Monaca Pa.Both sightings were similar in many ways i.e., light colors and patterns,flight characteristics of the craft, and the shapes that were formed at higher altitudes, as if in a holding pattern, gradually moving sideways while erratically jumping or bouncing and then returning to the starting point. Tonight was with out a doubt the single most amazing and scarry thing that I have ever witnessed. I have always believed in the existance of ufo's and alien life but this incident has made me a true believer.I guarentee that we are not the only people that seen this happen and hope that someone can get back to me to let me know if it was reported by others. Anyone who looked up and has any kind of common sense, noticed that something very odd was happening.
