{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5452533.json","updb_database_id":5452533}
While watching stars on the balcony outside, visible flashes that were not planes

While star gazing on my balcony, you can see a pretty good slice of the night sky. Within the visible stars is Orion's belt. This didn't seem to play into this story all that much until a revelation I had. Almost any night the stars are out and there is a clear sky, you are bound to see something unexpected, unexplainable, and quite mind boggling. From stars that move, to red or white orb or orb things that look like stars that move. Possibly foo fighters. They are not planes, as planes have the distinct and constant flash of their lights. They are not satellites, because they do not go in a straight line and dissapear out of sight. I have seen star like object move like a plane or satellite then turn direction too quick, or it look like a zig zag motion. Then I thought of quasar flashes, or visible to the eye deaths of stars, planets universe's and so on. Yet sometimes there's nothing but stars, and then you can see a flash, and a star appears, and then that star that appears starts to move. If payed attention to and followed by the eye, it is visible moving weirdly until it dissapears, only to flash and reappear in a close by section of the sky and continue on its journey. Things flash inconsistent, and move too quick and sharp to be a plane or helicopter. This is where things get too un easy for me. While bugging out seeing the sky alive smoking a cigarette, I started to think about the ancient places that were in alignment with Orion's belt. There are three close by churches in the village I live in. These three churches are also aligned with Orion's belt. It is easily visible on Google Earth. I literally downloaded the Google Earth app and went nuts. The church across the street from where I live is exactly one block away from another church, a straight line. Steaple to steaple. There is also a church off set to the left of the second church, slightly less then a block away. The village of Phoenix is somewhat small, so the scale seems weird, but zoomed out, they are later out just like the pyramids of Giza and many other ancient places aligned with the belt of Orion. Now I'm not sure if this is a coincidence, just my brain making something of nothing, or the reason for such a visibly active night sky on most nights. One thing is for sure is that I and my girlfriend included have seen unexplainable and unidentifiable things in the night sky of Phoenix New York. Please Google Earth the church on lock street in Phoenix, and get our own veiw of the churches. I have been seeing things in the sky my whole life and think I may be on to something with these churches. I've done a rough sketch of the aireal veiw from Google Earth. As well as jotted down breif history facts on the village. Please use Google Earth to get the full sense of it.
