{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-13 04:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2977,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5459533.json","updb_database_id":5459533}
{tjd} Video of unidentifiable object on multiple occasions

Observed a round sphere shaped object having a pulsating light changing both color and size and what appears to be a second object approximately at its 5 o’clock position approximately 100 feet which occasionally moved to a 6 o’clock to 8 o’clock positions and having a red blinking light. This object(s) were observed and videoed from my home at Lake Oroville over approximately 3 months on several occasions and in different positions. No sound was heard and objects changed colors varying from white, yellow, green, red and would suddenly appear larger and smaller in size. I do have video on my iPhone 

My wife, two daughters and myself also had a sighting of a large triangle shaped craft approximately 500 foot elevation in 2005 or 2006. The craft covered entirely an area comprised of at least 6 lanes of traffic and a center divide that was wider in area then all the traffic lanes. I believe wingtip to wingtip the craft measured in excess of 150 feet. The edges of the craft appeared diffused and had a red light on the right and a green light on the left side. The craft was stationary and positioned directly over a major highway just out of Orlando Florida on I-4 close not far from Universal Studios. I had my sunroof open and drove directly under this craft. My wife was extremely frightened so I did not stop to make further observations. I was curiously not frightened There were a number of cars on the highway so I expect this object was observed by occupants. This encounter remains to this day very disturbing to me personally although as stated above I was not at all frightened when I observed this craft and drove under it. If there is any interest in following up on exactly why this experience is so disturbing to me months and years after seeing it I will be happy to disclose those details privately. I will close by saying I believe from my experience that there is possibly a means to intentionally repress memories.
