{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-29 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5495533.json","updb_database_id":5495533}
A plane-looking object without wings

Hello, it was on december 29th 2013. I was at the 'Parc Floral de Paris' (France) with my daughters, on the playground. We were walking from the swings to the slide and my daughter spotted a plane. She was 4 1/2 at the time. Of course, she shows me as we always do, spotting planes. So I look at it, oh yes a plane. That's what I thought it was, it looked like it. But I had a double take and checked out the plane again as I got struck with something. As I look at it again, I realize it has no wings. So I stare at it and start analyzing what is happening. The 'plane' is a big size body as of a A380. The sides have the look and feel of the sides of a plane. It's white. But it has no wings at all. It looked more like a zeppelin made out of plane material. And there aren't any zeppelin in town. I understand it flies low. It's more at helicoptere height than at plane height. And it goes real slow in fact. I can't hear no noise that I can link to the flying object. It goes slow and I can observe it for at least 5 to 7 minutes, from above my head, in a 451 angle of vision, to further away in the horizon, at about an angle of about 201, just above trees. It was leaving South East as I observed it from the back. And then, after all this while looking at it, cruising straight, I saw it turn left in a sharp angle; maybe not 901 but not far. And it kept on going cruising at the same speed in the other direction, North East.
The whole event really convinced me that I was observing an object which properties I didn't know of.
During the while it was going straight, I took the time to pull out my phone and take pictures. I didn't have good gear, just a Samsung Y which camera is not so good, but I thought at the time, at least, I'll have something to zoom on on my computer. The sun was bright. So I took pictures using a tree as a reference point to make sure the object was in the frame. And I made sure of that. When I looked at the pictures I took, I was amazed to find out that the object didn't show up on them. I was disappointed as I realized I had no evidence to show my family and friends. But I was extactic, understanding I wasn't mistaken. It had to be something unknown not to express on a picture. And that's what leads me to deposit my testimony here.
The object was about to pass behind the trees. I left the scene to play with my daughters. I just felt happy. It is not the first time I have seen a UFO, so it didn't make me nervous in any way. It is the first time it happened to me in the daytime though. And because I am convinced, I aim today to contribute to the effort of truth and understanding you represent.
