{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-14 01:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516533","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/533/mufon-5516533.json","updb_database_id":5516533}
(GS) Night that changed my life.

Ok so it was somewhere around july 12th through the 15th i believe of this year 2012.First off let me say i am the most skeptical person
you will probably ever meet . Ok so the night started out usual and me and my wife went to bed around 11 or so. our 5 month old woke up around 2:00am hungry of course
which woke myself up as well. so my wife makes herself a cig with those dumb machines and i do as well. we head outside of our apt. tohe looo sit on the hood of our car. my wife 
at one of the stars and says its moving. i look up and it was jumping around and then i seen about 50 of these lights orange and some flickering blue start comming closer together
even then i thought maybe a satalite or a @#$% ton of them or maybe something by the government. my wife went and grabbed 2 neighbor friends to see this
and roughly after an hour of watching we hear screams from jets and there was a war going on in the sky between who i have no idea . at the same time a bluish wave of light
or energy o0r somthing was throwng out waves in a domb pattern aross the sky which i found to be amazing and very beautiful. from the west came what looked
like blue spot lights comming through the now lowered clouds about 500 feet or less above us . then all hell broke loose. my wife and now about 8 of us wittnessed
these blue spot lights were not just lights they were machines with these long tentickles and these things early was what we seen grabbing these aircrafts and crushing them into pieces
people here were screaming but during this one of them machines or creatures shined its light right down on me but i didn't feel fear from it i just somehow knew 
it wasnt here to hurt me but to protect me kinda strange feeling i guess.after about another hour of this i thought about the moon and so me and some friends walked around back of the apt.
to see the moon it was blood redish oranish looked like a cresent moon with a half moon over it. under this moon was the brightest light i have ever seen.
this light was no star bigger than any light in the sky besides the sun. immediatly a white ball of light the size i would say about the size of a half court basketball floor. round
shot up about 30 yards from us made the sound like a trasnformer blowing and just hovered there and then shot towards the north at speed no man \
could replicate. i then became scared and thought this is the end of the world i yelled and told my wife to get the kids and lets head out.
of course she is stubborn and argues we stay to watch these events.. here is where it gets real nervious breaking. i called the police because i wanted
answers. so i called the atehsn tn city police and here comes only 1 officer.... he said whats the problem. i said look up he didn't he just looked me in the eyes
and said i don't see nothing and drove off.. odd..one thing ive always had a gift at is reading people..this man was scared.... next thing i hear fire trucks and police
cars going off im freaking out then before the sun started to come up we all went around back to see where that harnessed perfect energy ball might
have came from..... this big star i told you about i realized was a ship. not like a airplane or flying saucer but a mother ship... then i hear screams and
my wife and her 2 friends take off running behind the apartment towards our back door. i look out and from this ship came towards us at the speed
of f%&king light i kid you not frooze in front of us about a hundred yards out one ship i seen was trianglular shaped with no lights just blackish color or dull grey
and it hovered there no sounds then came about 15 to 20 flying saucers that zipped over us about 100 ft up ..thbese things were so fast and would zip across the sky
and stop and zip another way .. me and my friend hide behind the dumpsters and one of these saucers came as low as 15 feet flipped on its side slowed down as it passed around
us and zipped off into the sky. these saucers sat right above us about 300 feet at this point when the sun started comming up the heading out along with 
these tenticle things. i realized these ETs were not here to hurt us.. but it scared the living hell out of me.. now they never leave there hear every night. i have not 
seen the tenticle things since that night but as for the lights and the flying saucers i can guaranteee you you will see them if u were here.
i took a jesus loving narrowminded man next door and turned him inside out with this amazing eyewittness accounts every night.. 
there were 6 of us out that night.. it changed our lives. every night several sometiems in the upper 10 to 20 people sit out watching.. 
so my family ask me why didn't you take pictures or record it..well thats an easy answer. i was not thinking of anything except get my family
the hell out of here.... but i now have a camcorder so i will record some of this stuff going on... oh btw the next day all day military jets were all over this place
im talking at least 20 that day. the nearest airpots ar an hour away . for info please email me [email removed/cms/tg]

1 more thing after these close encounters i was sick for 3 weeks after that and had a red rash up the side of my body from the side facing the saucer that flipped on its
side... weird or coinsidence or however you spell it lol.. and if any of you remember the day of that red weird moon please tell me
