{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-26 20:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53776","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2698,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5505090.json","updb_database_id":5505090}
{kt}Noticed red light behind tress, and thought it to be aircraft navigation lights. with strong winds blowing it didn't move and formed a string of eight white lights on either side of red center light.

Walked out side of house as storm winds blew chairs off front porch. I noticed a red light behind a tree and thought it to be an airplane navigation light. I waited to see what direction it was heading but it didn't move except to get larger. Before long I could se two lights on each side of the red one. Then two more white lights and then two more all in line with each other. I tried to see how far away it was but could not determine. I went back inside and got my binoculars. I got the object in focus but still could not tell how far away it was. At this point all the white lights seemed to merge and stuff that looked like molten metal seemed to drip from it. At that point I stuck my head in the door and told my wife to come out and look at it. I looked back at it and I could make out the shape from background light in the sky and then several of the light zoomed off in different directions. They were round white lights that just disappeared into the night sky. The dripping stopped and the white lights re-aligned. The shape was rectangular but thicker in the middle and the ends seemed squared off. I had thought they may have been some one's Christmas lights blowing in the wind, when it started doing the dripping thing again from its bottom edge. My wife went in after seeing that last part, and I told her I was going to take the car and see if I could find where it was. It was still in place when I got in the car and headed north to try and find it. This area is hilly in town and after going up and down the east-west streets to try and locate the object, I could not find it. Returning home it was no longer to be seen. Yesterday in the daylight I checked to see if there could have been any other explanation for this sighting and could not. They were not there last night so today I decided to contact you to see if anyone else had seen this or anything like it before.
