{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-07 20:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5515090.json","updb_database_id":5515090}
{cak} An evenly glowing, orange rectangle with about a 5:1 ratio of length to width, perfectly horizontal to the ground

I was watching t.v. with no room light on and sitting on my couch, with an approximate 4 X 4 north facing window to my left-about 5 from where I was sitting.

Out of my peripheral vision, I noticed an orange light through the window, about 2/3rds of the way up the glass. It dawned on me that there was no orange light on the t.v. screen or in the room, so I stood up iand the light did not change at all as I expected it might if it were a refelection. So, I stepped quickly around my couch and went through the glass sliders onto my open, concrete, rear porch slab.

At just about a 90 degree angle above the horizon and virtually directly due north was an apparent glowing, orange (not yellow orange or red orange)rectangle hovering motionless. If I could have held an object like that in my completely outstretched arm, it appeared to be about 1/2" in length, left to right (west to east), perectly horizontal to the ground and about 1/8" wide or a little less vertically. The glow was uniform and steady, the ends of the rectangle seemed to be just slightly rounded, but I cannot be 100% certain of that. I watched this object / light from 8:37 P.M.-8:39 P.M. E.S.T., it did not move at all, and-just before 8:39 P.M., the light rectangle disappeared entirely from left to right (west to east) in less than 2 seconds. The pinpoints of stars in that area of the sky remained throughout.

While I am a bit farsighted, I was not wearing glasses and need no correction for distance vision.

There were some clouds in the sky, but the area surrounding the light was a fairly large clear area with star pinpoints noticeable. 

I recognize that there was a Spacex rocket launched from the Kennedy Space Center at 8:35 P.M. BUT, that would have been noticeably farther to the east from me (8-10 miles east and about 25 miles north), I saw no moving rocket engine glow, contrails (which would be visible just like clouds), any visible evidence of that launch from my location, and I have observed rocket launches from a distance before. This orange rectangle did not ever move or change shape for the approximate 2 minutes I observed it and that is why I am making this report.
