{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-08-03 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119340","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5284090.json","updb_database_id":5284090}
Hovered over by a Flying Saucer

When I was 7 years old, my family lived in Riverside California. I was indoors, when we heard what sounded like the mother of all sonic booms: It literally shook our house, and caused the windows to shake in their frames. I was in the kitchen with my mom when this happened, my mom yelled “Run!”. I ran outdoors, to see what had caused this. The entire neighborhood had gone outdoors- The adults were talking, and I could hear what they were saying, the consensus was that it must’ve been a sonic boom (we did have a nearby Air Force Base). People seemed to have calmed down, all of us ‘kids’ decided to stay outside, and play.

We were playing tag, when I noticed a beam of light was illuminating the little circle we were standing in; it was very bright, because remember, this was happening at 11:00 in the morning. The circle of light was almost like being caught in a spotlight, it had clear-cut edges, and within the beam of light there were different colors, like the colors of a rainbow. The colors were swirling around around in a circle, when I put my hands out, whatever color I saw would take over, then it would move on to the next color, as though it were interacting with me. I finally looked up, and I noticed that the adults were not moving; they seemed to be like statues, they weren’t moving at all. And I could see the object, it was at least 30 feet or more across, maybe 50 to 80 feet in the air, and now 15 feet ahead of me. 

The object was doing this fluttery motion, back an forth, as it moved, like a falling leaf. I ran, trying to catch up with the rainbow colors again, the object kept flying silently, and I followed it down the street until I got to the end of the block, where I stopped, as I wasn’t allowed to go beyond our block. So I stood there and watched it fly down the street until it was lost in the distance. 

What’s strange is is that this object looked exactly like the photograph of the flying saucer that was taken by Rex Heflin. Exactly, down to every detail. When I looked up the date of the Heflin photograph, I was amazed to learn that it was taken earlier in the day, an hour and a half after I saw the object, only 30 miles away from where we lived. 

That night, I was awakened from a dead sleep, and saw a 4 foot tall entity in a brown robe, who was standing silently in front of my bed. 

He communicated mind to mind with me. His eyes seemed to put me into a trance-like state. he reached-out a bony looking hand, and touched my arm with a long, silver tube, which caused me to instantly pass out. My next memory is that of waking up the next morning. 

For the rest of my life, I’ve had visits from similar entities. I believe they were taking my ovum, up until I went through menopause, when it all just stopped, abruptly.
