{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-18 17:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72588","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5487090.json","updb_database_id":5487090}
{cak} Very bright group of 4 lights witnessed by me and my family while photographing rainbow

My wife, daughter and I were driving north on Drake Road when we noticed the really bright and fully formed rainbow so we decided to pull over, into the empty mercantile bank parking lot to take photos and get a good look at it. With my iphone's camera, I took 2 photos of my daughter and the rainbow behind her. I then took 2 more photos of the rainbow, trying to get a good shot of the different colors because they were so vibrant. After 2 photos, I looked up to see what my daughter was doing and if I had the best spot of the rainbow to get a picture and then noticed what looked like a diamond shape of 4 VERY bright flickering white/goldish/redish lights moving first from east to west (toward us) then the lights banked quickly to the south and continued banking all the way back to the east, at a lower altitude. As their initial turn to the south, the lights started shifting and it was then very evident that this was 4 separate lights which were now flying in a straight line with 3 in a row and 1 a little off-set like ( * * *  * ). As the lights flew away from us, the outside one broke away and took off to the south, southeast at a very high rate of speed while the others continued east at an increased rate of speed. The whole time the lights were brilliantly bright, just unreal bright from all angles that we saw them from and continued to flash in a random manner, not together and with no noticeable pattern. The flashing of the lights was really fast between the different colors and the only reason I am able to describe 3 different colors is that I could make out white and orange, my daughter saw goldish yellow and my wife saw reddish orange. We finally lost sight of the objects as they flew behind the tree line. We were super excited upon seeing this because you hear stories and read things but never get to actually see it. Every photo i tried to get, once I noticed them turned out like garbage and they didn't even show up; however, the 2 photos that I took before I noticed the lights did capture the objects (they look small and far away because of the crappy phone camera, like when trying to take a picture of the moon and then that looks tiny on camera). The photos that I have show the lights when they were in their initial diamond shaped flight pattern. I'm attaching the photos and I haven't monkeyed with them, didn't even want to circle them or rotate the picture because I don't want anybody saying they're faked. The pictures show the lights on the inside of the rainbow and the lights are bright white but small. Still really excited about the whole thing.
