{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5530090.json","updb_database_id":5530090}
Backing out of driveway and saw a silver object.

was home and left the house for something . we always park in the rear of the house and back out of the drive. I have done this for 10 years . as my truck was backing up I looked to my right as always to be sure no cars were coming and then look over to my left (west).only looking for another vehicle a mild silver shine caught my eye. It seemed to be far away at least 1 mile in which case would have made this object quite large. If to guess, maybe 500 feet across. It was smooth no noticeable markings,lights,windows or anything. the shape was like a disk with no raised areas or odd features. the top was the same as the bottom with very slight tapering of the ends . only way I can think to describe it is like two frisbees put together. when I looked that direction at first there was a slight hesitation due to the fact that i saw SOMETHING but then looked away only for a split second ,realized I HAD saw something that was not supposed to be there. I then quickly looked back and nothing was there at all . Nothing anywhere . I was intrigued slightly confused and within a few seconds started to feel a little nervous. I didn't know if was just mistaking it for something else or what. but after looking around the area again when I got back home I realized that I did not see a plane or anything i could explain. there was nothing around there that could have reflected sunlight or appeared to have that kind of shape . I truly belive I may have seen something amazing .What it was ,I would love to know !  I do belive strongly in the possibilities of alien tech. as well as the paranormal . We as a people and world in this universe are a pretty minimal speck. One has to believe there is something out there more advanced than us. GOD I HOPE SO !
