{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76849","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5483090.json","updb_database_id":5483090}
{nd} A UFO stopped directly above me, stayed for a number of seconds, then shot away at an impossible rate of speed

I was 16 and me and two friends were at the local elementary school right up the street at about 9 PM. We went there because they had a nice outdoor basketball court that stayed lit until about 11 PM most nights. When we pulled up in the parking lot i got out first, my two friends stayed in the car to finish listening to the song that was playing on the radio. I walked to the edge of the parking lot and stared into the sky. Out of nowhere a disk shaped craft appeared directly over me, it stayed there for maybe 10 or 15 seconds; it couldn't have been more than 30 feet above me. It seemed like it was looking right back at me (there were no flashes or beams or anything like that). The craft did not make a single sound. The shape of the craft was eerily similar to the stereotypical pictures we see in sci fi movies or shows. Circular, disk-like with blueish-green lights around the edges. After it was done scanning me or photographing me or whatever the hell it was doing it began moving slowly away then shot out to the horizon at impossible speed. We always hear stories about people seeing ufos. Sometimes its just a light in the sky that moves in a strange way; sometimes people aren't quite sure what they saw. I am 100% sure what i saw. I was not drunk, or on drugs, i have no mental illnesses. I suppose i count myself fortunate to be SURE, 100% SURE, that we are not alone in this universe. This craft was not man made. For anyone who may be on the fence, or perhaps saw something but you're trying to convince yourself that you didn't. I can assure you with absolute certainty that we are being visited. I wish there was a way i could verify my sincerity. I swear to everyone who reads this on my eternal soul that everything here is genuine and true. Im not sure if this little detail will bring comfort to anyone, but i was never afraid during the sighting. I was absolutely amazed but never fearful not even for a second.
