{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-10 13:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3556,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5512090.json","updb_database_id":5512090}
Long narrow and high, upper 1/4 is brown, bottom 3/4 white/ emiting mist as camoflage

First of all, I did not notice this UFO when the picture was taken

I have these pictures of an object that I believe to be a UFO
This Picture is about 7or8 years old. I came across it while putting my photos into my computer.
I took the picture in Alberta Canada
I will try to describe it for you. 
In the original picture you will notice the white V shaped cloud, that is the object I am referring to. In the upper right corner there are two objects that look like meteorites, both have extended trails, one is traveling from left to right and the other from right to left they are quite far off in the distance and are hard to see. If you look closely the one traveling from left to right is faintly visible about 1 the way in from the right and about 1 inch from the top.
The UFO caught my attention because it looked like it was a cloud in the shape of a V and very white.
Moving over to the expanded pictures. This is what you see with the aid of a magnifying glass.
Only half of the V is what looks like a cloud; the other leg of the V is a solid object. Looking at the cloud part of it I soon realized it is not a typical cloud because it is in the wrong place in the sky, it is to white, and it looks like it is coming from the solid object.
I am not able to tell the size of it because there is nothing for me to reference it to, however I am sure you have experts who are better qualified to determine it1s size. That black object is just a spot of dirt, I don1t know what the white spots are, but they do not show up in other photos off the same roll and I am wondering if they might have gotten splashed on some how but none of the other photos from that roll have those marks on them.

It was probably about 50 to 75 feet to that embankment from where I would have been standing and the embankment is about 5 feet high as are the bushes on the horizon. I am guessing that the top of the hill is about 30 or forty feet beyond the embankment I am 73 years old and have never encountered anything like this before in my life..
This picture has tweaked my interest and I would like to have someone to check it out for me.

I live in Kaladar Ontario and can be contacted by Email [Email and phone number removed/cms/tg]

Thank you

When I look at this picture expanded once more on my computer with a magnifying glass, there appears to be a row of windows or openings on the side of the brown part just above the line where it is joined to the white part. I am wondering if the white cloud is produced for the purpose of camouflage.
