{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-25 02:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470090","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/090/mufon-5470090.json","updb_database_id":5470090}
{td}I saw a peculiar, large moon to the left of the road, then shortly thereafter I saw a typical moon on the right side of the road.

I was driving home from work. I turned on to Robinson Road off of Post Oak Lane in Denton, Tx. When there was a break in the houses to my left, I expect it was over the golf course, I soon noticed what appeared to be the moon, it was very large and somewhat ominous looking. I rolled down my window to get a better look as I passed. It was not a full moon, but maybe 80% or so. I recall seeing moon-like features to its surface. I can't explicitly say craters, I just remember it being so much like the moon that I accepted it as such and had no reason to doubt it. I had this weird sense, even though it wasn't clear, this moon gave off like a dreary/foggy vibe, and I began wondering "what if the moon affects our emotions and we don't even realize it?" And having imaginings of a werewolf transformation. Which was odd, because in retrospect I was feeling unusually agitated at work that day and on the drive home. But I wrote it off and continued driving. Then, less than 1/4 mile down the street, I noticed to the right, on the opposite side of the road, was a particularly mundane and typical looking moon. When I got home, I intended to climb onto the roof and see if I could see it, but it was too slick from rain and too dark to do that safely. After 5 minutes or less, I decided to drive back out and see if I could see it again, maybe get a video, although my phone was on its last leg. I drove back to the beginning of Robinson, turned around to come back, and could not find the big moon again, despite going back multiple times. When I came closer to home, I noticed I could also no longer see the smaller, more mundane moon from my car from any vantage. A bit perplexed, I decided to go home, having been wondering if I was losing it the entire time. When I got back home, I was surprised to see that the excursion took 30 minutes, as that's on the longer end of time that it would normally take me to get home from work, and it did not seem like I was looking for these things for that long. As I recall, these objects, while both passable for the moon, were not identical. I do recall the color being similar if not the same, but the larger one seemed to be more eclipsed, and the surface details I recall being more vibrant/detailed than the smaller one. Not only that, but only the larger one gave me an ominous feeling about it - almost like this thing coulda been in the Thriller video.
