{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520512","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36043","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/512/mufon-5520512.json","updb_database_id":5520512}
Yellow glowing light changing green and sending bright light that lit up the clouds below it

2/23/12 aprox 8 pm, I went out side with my dog to the back yard. I often gaze up to the stars when Im in my backyard and am pretty familiar with north star, dippers, when mars is visable. I have lived in my home since 1993. 
While gazing up at the night sky a saw a very bright, almost gold and pulsating "star" in the sky. I was facing west, south-west and it appeared in the distance,to my left, in far horizon above our local tall pine trees.
I thought it was a star first, then noticed the bright star I usually see high towards the south was there and this was to the left and about 45 degrees lower. 
As I watched the light, I noticed the light changed colors from the golden light to green then to bright white and sending rays of light directly below it and lighting up the clouds underneath it. It seemed to grow closer then zig zag slightly, then steady and lights change again same patent as before.
I live on the edges of JBLM and am used to all the different planes and jets and helicoptors. This would stay stationary then move and then stop.
Military planes were doing a completely unusaul flight paterns while this thing was lighting up the western sky. Lots of helicoptor activity around as well.
I watched this light move and stop and pulse and change colors and lighting the clouds around it, for 5-6 minutes. I went back inside.
I kept telling myself it was just a star or something and my eyes were playing tricks on me. But I knew it was something else, and went back outside 5 or more minutes later.
I looked again to the west and saw the light still there but now moving slightly north west, still a large glowing light. Then in literally seconds or less, it shot out, going higher than the star that just previously above was high above it. Then it was like a distant pin of light, then gone completely from the sky.
