{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-26 22:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460512","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/512/mufon-5460512.json","updb_database_id":5460512}
{tjd} Three stacked lights slowly flew directly over head when close it appeared to be one massive cloaked ship another was seen about an hour later

While sitting around a campfire out on the high desert mesa in Tres Piedres New Mexico My nephew, his friend, and myself were talking about how much better we could see the stars and milky way when out in the middle of nowhere at about 8,000 feet elevation. I asked my nephew to turn off his headlights so we could see the stars better. We began talking about how much more you could see with the lights out. Dylan (my nephew) noticed three lights stacked vertically on the horizon to the South/southwest. The lights remained in a vertical line and it became apparent that they were moving directly towards us. It didn't take long to realize that it was unlike anything we had ever seen in the sky before. We continued staring in amazement as it kept moving closer. I told Dylan to get his phone and take video of it. He said the phone wasn't picking anything up on the camera, but I asked him to keep filming just in case anything showed up. The closer it got I could see that the lights were a part of the same massive object. The lights seemed to be on the edge of a gigantic vertical disc or wheel. It's really hard to describe but the lights were on the edge of a very faint fuzzy blurry greyish line. Eventually we noticed that to the sides and above the lights was something invisible that was blocking the light from the milky way and stars in a way that (for lack of a better way to describe it) was like a cloaked ship from the star trek movies. When it was directly over head I would estimate that the width was about 3 or 4 hands held at arms distance wide by about 10 or 12 hands long (imagine looking up from under a wheel). after it passed directly over head i went to my car and grabbed my phone because Dylan said his wasn't picking anything up. I tried taking some still pictures and a little video but the screen on my phone was all white and I couldn't see anything on it. The object kept moving to the north/northeast until it was out of view. The time from when we 1st saw it until the time we couldn't see it any more was about 6 or 7 minutes. It was totally silent. 
About an hour later we saw another three lights stacked vertically off to our north. They were farther away but seemed to be moving the same speed and direction as the one that flew directly over head. I would guess that it was near Antonito or Alamosa Colorado.
