{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-05 18:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521512","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/512/mufon-5521512.json","updb_database_id":5521512}
While driving North, I noticed what I first thought was a star. It was white, then seemed to grow brighter and pale orange and fade to blue as it ascended very rapidly and dissappeared.

I was driving back home to Knoxville after dropping my child off at her mothers. It was a very clear night and I was scanning the sky as I often do under favorable circumstances. I was just turning my head forward from glancing at Venus to my left and then I noticed a star above the trees ahead. There was oncoming traffic coming up the other side of the hill that I was ascending, so my attention was briefly drawn to switching to my low-beams, while also noticing the light from the other cars headlights reflect off of the power lines on the left-hand side of the road. Precisely at that moment, the star(which was directly ahead and to the right of the power lines) suddenly increased a little in brightness while changing to a pale orange color. It then ascended straight up, getting exponentially faster as it went, and changing to a pale blue color, and disappeared.

Immediately afterwards, the oncoming vehicle came into view and I had to turn my attention back to driving. Now I have driven this road hundreds of times, day and night, and in all conditions, with oncoming traffic on any given stretch including this one, and never have I seen any normal lights play such a trick on my eyes, so now I start contemplating what I saw. There is almost always air traffic within a few miles, because the airport and Air National Guard base are close by. But, I am probably more familiar with different types of aircraft than the average person. My father was in the Air Force for twenty years and I have been to a few air shows and to the Wright-Patterson Air and Space Museum a number of times. This was no conventional man-made aircraft. I know the experience was brief, but I know what I saw.(?) I also remember feeling as if, when the light brightened, it wanted me to see it. I havent been able to quit thinking about it, so I must tell someone. Who better else to tell?
