{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515512","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3236,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/512/mufon-5515512.json","updb_database_id":5515512}
{flg} Flying as would a fly overhead. Im a pilot. Those lights are not bugs but intelligent crafts.

I have been observing some particular objects in the sky (for about four years) that move around without any obvious indication as to what they are doing up there. There are always at least a dozen observable objects from here in the Dallas area. As best as I can tell, they are at an altitude of at least ten thousand feet.

I am a pilot (not current) and know aircraft lights; I know what are planets and what are stars; I know what are man-made satellites. The lights that I have observed are none of the above. They maneuver about in a manner that displays the use of an advanced technology, meaning that they make some amazing moves. I am not the only one able to see them. But they are not easy to spot (obviously, or they wouldnt be "news" worthy--which I most certainly believe they are!). However, I now have a trained eye and can spot them quickly.

I can prove everything that I will assert. If an investigator wishes to become aware of this activity he/she must have good eyesight. If you don't, bring along several persons that do have good eyesight so they can confirm what I will be showing them. They will be amazed. And that is an understatement!

The revelation of this phenomena to the public will have at least as much impact as the "Roswell Incident". Again, that is an understatement.

I believe that these aerial vehicles (which appear as tiny white lights) are involved with either the climate and/or perhaps even the social unrest around the planet. And I don't think thats a "reach", seeing how they move around.

I want a MUFON Investigator to make this phenomena public. Why? I don't have the savvy to get this information to the "right people" so that it can be made public in a credible manner. Do you all know how hard it is to get the so-called UFO pundits to respond to such claims? They think theyve heard it all. And, understandably, they cant afford to dedicate investigative time to every claimed sighting. But the only way I can prove what I see is to actually show somebody. The objects that I observe are very tiny and not easy to see. So photos or videos are out of the question. Now do you all understand how difficult it is to get somebody to actually see me in person so that I can show them? Its been impossible, thus far.

Note to MUFON: I work nights, sleep during the day. If you call, leave a message and I will return the call, usually by 7:00 P.M.

Anybody wanting to meet with me for a group sighting, please contact me through Fletcher Gray, the Texas MUFON Chief Investigator.
