{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-12-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486512","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/512/mufon-5486512.json","updb_database_id":5486512}
{cak} Saw a self-illuminated sphere

I saw an unidentified object in December 1974 while driving in Modesto, Ca. at about 10:30 pm. The night sky was relatively clear with a few scattered clouds; there was no fog that night. I was east-bound on Higbee Drive at Gayland Drive when I noticed a white object in the sky to my north and stopped my vehicle the study it when I realized that it could not be the moon. 

The object appeared to be a self-illuminated sphere that was a consistent shade of bright-white across the object. Initially, it was stationary and motionless; I observed no detectible movement by the object. At the time I estimated that if it was a helium-filled balloon it would have been at a distance of 100 yards from me, about 3 feet in diameter and about 100 feet above the ground. After observing the object stationary for about 3 minutes it started moving due west at a slow rate of speed, perhaps 3 to 5 MPH. I made a U-turn and followed/paralleled the object. During this movement the object never seemed to vary its speed or altitude and I did not see any change in the illumination. It moved about 600 feet and stopped again. About 60 seconds after stopping, the object began to drip molten metal. I assess that it was molten metal because I could see sparks fly off the dripping material as it fell. I have never seen burning plastic or any burning/molten material other than metal throw sparks in the same way. It continued to drip molten metal slowly, but steadily for about 30 seconds before stopping. After a few more seconds the lighted sphere began to dim as if someone was turning a rheostat/dimmer very slowly and evenly. It took about one minute for the object to go completely dark, to the point where I could no longer make out the outline of the object against the dark night sky. During this time it took the object to completely dim it did not appear to change altitude or move. It appeared to be completely stationary. 

The total time of this event was about 7 or 8 minutes, perhaps a little longer. I had my windows down during this event and heard no sounds that were unusual or out of the ordinary. At one point during its transition the object crossed the path of at least one above-ground electric power line.
