{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-20 14:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484512","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/512/mufon-5484512.json","updb_database_id":5484512}
{rjl} Noticed UFO nearby by 2 airplanes in sky, Took a sharp turn behind a cloud

1. I was walking home from the local library in Berwyn Illinois.

2. I was looking at the party cloudy sky with sunglasses. I first noticed 2 airplanes, then I noticed a smaller disk like object going South East bound when it took a sharp turn into/behind a cloud. I regret not stopping where I was walking to see what would happen when the cloud dissipated, although I continued walking and not completely staring at the cloud the UFO took cover in.I then started recording the cloud and my experience with my cell phone. I should have stopped walking and see what would happen to the UFO once the cloud in the sky dissipated, none the less I know what I saw and it was real...I am fully convinced that UFO's are real. This is my 2nd UFO sighting in a 6 year span.

3. I knew right away it could have not have been a drone (it was too high in the air.)It was not an airplane because it was way smaller and didn't even resemble an airplane at all. It had turned away from its flight path abruptly and took cover in/behind a cloud.

4. Turned/changed its flight path in a very fast manner.

5. I was flabbergasted when I noticed this UFO. I didn't have my phone in my hand at the time so I could not have recorded it, but I did record the cloud it went behind and shared my experience. When I got home I knew that UFO's ARE real. I was completely convinced. 

5. How I lost sight of the UFO: I continued to walk my way home with tree's interrupting my point of view of the sky. I fully regret not stopping to see what would happen once the cloud disappeared, but at the same time I was fully convinced that this was real. I had sunglasses on and the sky was very clear to see. UFO's ARE REAL AND I NO ONE WILL CONVINCE ME THAT THEY'RE NOT. Never.

Sadly I am finding trouble on how to transfer the video I took from my phone onto a Windows computer, although there is no UFO sighting at all in the video.

Also I appreciate MUFON for taking the time to review my encounter. SEEING IS BELIEVING. I SAW AND I BELIEVE. Thank you
