{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-07-12 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2227,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5480465.json","updb_database_id":5480465}
Black solid craft, hovering then taking off at immense speed

I was driving north on the main road between Newry and Armagh in Ireland (NI) in July 2003.

It was a lovely summer's evening, around 8pm, and was still bright.

About 5 miles north of Newry in the Lissummon area I looked towards my right, roughly in the direction of the north east.

Over a couple of fields, less than a mile away, there was a small hill with some trees on it. 

About 20 meters above the trees, just hovering in the sky, was a black metal-like object about 20-30 meters long.

I was looking towards its side profile so to me it seemed rectangular but it may have been a different shape if viewed from above or directly below.

I wasn't sure what it was and quickly asked my friend who was with me in the car could she see it and she said yes.

She later mentioned that there was a red light on the craft, though I only have a slight memory of the light (perhaps because I was driving).

We had a good view with nothing behind it but a clear sky and only some small trees between us and the craft.

I slowed down the car a bit and we looked at it for about 30 seconds.

Then suddenly it shot through the sky at lightning speed towards the north.

It ascended at a slight angle and was gone from view in a second.

We both were left dumbfounded.

The object moved at a speed faster than anything that is seemingly possible by human technology and was completely unlike anything we had ever seen.

I have thought about the sighting more over the last number of years, have corroborated the event with my friend and have finally made this report.
