{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-14 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27110","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5528465.json","updb_database_id":5528465}
I believe I may have seen a UFO flying over south Abilene

It was a nice clear night, just a hair after 8pm. I was outside sitting partially in and out of my vehicle checking in to the local amateur radio net enjoying the weather. Waiting for a return on the call list, I was smoking a cigarette and looking around. I looked to the sky to notice an abundance of stars. I saw a few planes flying at 10,000 feet or so and noticed a light approaching from the north/northwest as it was kind of dull. I make my comments on the net and glance over and still see the lights approaching and heading to a south/southeast direction, I see a dull red light on it close to center but it is not blinking as they do on airplanes and jets. Another thing I noticed is that there was no sound from the aircraft, not even from the friction of moving through the air. I live about a mile east of Dyess air base and this aircraft had to have flown over the north side of it easy. I absolutely heard no aircraft from Dyess, taking off or landing. The only thing I could hear were cars passing by on Texas ave. Getting more curious I pulled out my spotting scope and stood outside my vehicle to get a better look. The beacon was not pulsing at all and the 3 lights were in the shape of a triangle, wider than it was long. The aircraft had no tail section, and I saw that there was no landing gear. At the central portion of the bottom of the aircraft seemed to be a dull bronze or brown color. The 3 lights pointed more downward than forward. At this time the vehicle is more south/east than east. I would have to say that by the time I lost sight of it, it had to be maybe 500 to 1000 +/- feet off the ground and the speed was maybe 100mph +/-. All this took place within about 10-15 minutes. I'm standing there thinking, what the hell did I just see and why didn't I remember that my camera was just a few feet away hanging on my gearshift. Maybe 10 minutes after I lost sight of it, I heard the 1 or 2 jets starting up at Dyess but did not notice if any had taken off. I did not report it to the news, police or on the radio, wanting to avoid ridicule and waiting to see if someone else would, but know one did. I have questioned myself for 2 weeks did I see what I saw, did I miss something, did I forget something or was it even a UFO. Mainly frustrated because I did not get a picture of it. I guess I was awestruck. I am a military vet, and a former police officer. When I was in law enforcement, I worked security at several air shows in Corpus Christi and even worked at Nas Kingsville so I know what military and civilian aircraft look like and sound like and this was not military or civilian and definetly not the stealth fighter or bomber, I don't know what it was, I just wish I could see it again...
