{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-03 01:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75365","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5484465.json","updb_database_id":5484465}
{rjl} I believe I was abducted, one min I'm in my room, the next I'm walking to the bathroom from my kitchen and its 3am thats when I seen the creature standing in my bedroom.

I was in my room getting ready to go to sleep it was 1:47am, I know the exact time because I told myself that I was still going to be able to get up early despite the time. I was sitting on my bed, then the next thing i know i am walking from my kitchen to the bathroom, I remember thinking to myself "why was I in the kitchen?" I didn't have food or anything in my hands. On the way down the hall to the bathroom I passed my bedroom door and as I walked past I looked in the room (as i always do passing doors) took 2 more steps, then stepped backward and looked in the room again, there it was standing in front of my patio door almost as tall as the door. I froze and my jaw dropped.
It turned its head looked at me and vanished threw the door. I shook my head and went to the bathroom, when I walked back into the bedroom I looked at the clock and it was after 3am. I sat on the bed and tried to recall walking to my kitchen or what I had been doing this whole time but couldn't remember anything except a strange bracelet. I felt compelled to draw the creature and the bracelet in hopes to clear my mind and get some sleep.
I told my husband about this in the morning, thats when we noticed the furniture I have my heavy jewelry box on had been pushed away from the wall right where the creature had been standing.

My husband and I felt that the stand having been moved was extremely odd. There would be no reason for us to have done it nor would either of us do it at random. 
My husband also recalled having slept heavier then normal that night. 

Though many things of this nature have occurred throughout my life I have never spoken out about them for fear of ridicule. I have many experiences but only recently began to document what I remember as it happens currently. I hope by sharing this I can inspire others to come forward, or spark a memory of a similar event in someone else.
Thank you for your time.
