{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-13 19:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5483465.json","updb_database_id":5483465}
Several space ships appear right in front of me, put on a show then chase me through the forest

I was walking down a wide, dark alley surrounded by forests when i noticed a big light in the sky in front of me, so i stopped walking and watched the white light fly in circles, move up, down and all over the place. I remember thinking what could it be. Then completely out of no where a flying saucer appears out of thin air about 15 meters in front and about the same distance above me. This is when i started fully freaking out, but i still just watched these objects fly around in ways like nothing i have ever seen before. it just started flying on really weird angles and making humming and buzzing noises.this saucer was disc shaped with a metal cone on the bottom had a metal ring on the outside of it that was still attached to the ship, this metal ring rotated very quickly and varied as the ships angles would change. there was also lights on the metal ring that changed color rapidly and rotated with the metal ring; the colors included white, orange, red, green and blue. After watching that object for about 5 minutes i noticed another 2 ships further back in the distance,I quickly pulled my phone out to capture a few photos but something was definitely effecting my phone. For some reason i can't remember what one of them looked like but the other ship was your typical looking movie spaceship with a clear dome on top. I managed to capture a photo of it hiding in the clouds. The single light i saw at the beginning was still flying around in circles. after watching these things for about 10 minutes i was stressing out too hard thinking they were gonna abduct me so i sprinted through the forest to the right of me (i had no where else to run), the closer space ship followed me and flew right over my head as i was running in the bush then i looked back and it was gone, I came out the other side of the forest to civilization in a matter of minutes. I didn't stop running and then sprinted to my friends house not too far down and he was with one of my other friends too, i explained what just happened, they didn't believe me of course and so we went back to the site immediately, and we were there discussing everything for about 5 minutes when an immensely bright beaming light appeared from in the middle of the forest to the left and started coming towards us. I ran the moment i saw the light and my friends followed. 2 weeks later i was just starting to accept what had happened when i heard the humming/buzzing noise again, i ran to my bathroom window and surely enough there was strange lights doing strange things again. Ever since that night i will see strange lights whenever i am outside at night time. It can range from 1 light to about 20. I've caught several videos of this and can capture a new video whenever i want to. I actually saved up and purchased an expensive camera only for it to break on the 3rd video i was filming (the wind blew my tripod over). It was very dark so you could not see anything but a single light in the photos, until i added filters, brightness, contrast etc and now the ships are way more visible.I also have a youtube channel going called jtufo however I've been inactive lately due to not having a camera, and i won't be able to afford one for a good while.
