{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-01 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31381","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5524465.json","updb_database_id":5524465}
Unknown large strobing central light in sky with 2 small solid lights above and below

This has bugged for over a year now and I find myself constantly looking for this object again in the sky. I finally decided I need to share this cause I haven't a clue what this was but that maybe others saw it as well and have reported it. At first I didn't want to report it but it's really bugging me now. This actually happened to me in March of 2010. 
 But I was heading to work early in the morning, I had to open. So I left about a quarter to 5 when I opened cause I was working in Schererville, In at the time. Takes a bit of time to get there. It was also early to mid March at the time too. It was a beautiful clear early spring morning.
 Well I live with a cousin right now and his home faces north. It's a duplex and his front door faces east. Well I left the house and locked the door behind me. To get to my car I have to walk to the north down the sidewalk to the driveway where I park my car. When I came around the corner of the house this light caught my eye. I literally stood there transfixed because I've never seen anything like this before.
 The object/light was to the northwest and it was heading in a northwestern direction. It caught my eye because it was a large strobing light in the center with 2 smaller non-strobing lights above and below the larger central strobing light. All 3 lights were also white. There was no color changing or anything, just plain white. The central strobing light was in a set rythem too. I was a steady 3-5 seconds between the strobing. So I stood there watching these lights maybe 5 minutes or so till they got behind some trees and then I hopped in my car and shot out to route 6 to see it again. When I first saw them, they had to be 5-10 miles away and over Lockport from my best guess. By the time I got the car started and got out to route 6 which is a couple blocks, this thing had to be maybe 30 miles away by my guess. I never heard any sound. And it was a clear early spring day, there were no clouds so you could see forever it seemed. I sat there watching the lights again till they went behind another set of trees and I never saw it again.
 I haven't a clue what it was. I've seen planes and blimps mt entire life. I go out and see meteor showers when it's clear and always look at the stars, planets and constellations. I've been teaching my nephews and niece about these things. This object was none of them. Planes don't fly with the wings above and below and they don't have strobing lights in the middle. Planes also don't have just white lights like this thing had. I never saw any structure because of the distance so all I saw was the lights. Blimps also don't have large central strobing lights either as far as I know. And I know this wasn't a star, planet or a meteor. Your guess is as good as mine as to what this was.
 As for my feelings about what I saw. Liked I said at the time, I was transfixed. I didn't want to lose sight of it because of how unusual this was. So I just stood in the driveway watching it. When I got to route 6 in my car and spotted it again, I sat there watching it again till I lost sight of it a second time. I don't own a cell phone because I hate the things but this was the one time I wish I actually had one. And I didn't go inside to wake my cousin because I didn't want to lose sight of this thing. The only feeling I've had since is that I want to know what this thing was and that I hope I get to see it again. Every morning or night that I'm outside now, I look in the sky for it. I want to see it again. I also haven't really talked about it to but a few people I know cause I don't want anyone to think I'm crazy. I know I'm not. I just want an answer to what it was. I'm not even saying it was aliens either. But this was something unique and not sure who or what was flying it.
