{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-11-01 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2290,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5519465.json","updb_database_id":5519465}
Clear night-starlike red.green.blue, white. Stationary for a period of time then took offf very fast and disappeared in seconds.

My friend and I were driving on I-94 driving west to Bismarck an area that is rural. It was a clear night and the North Dakota plains provide a large view of the sky. My friend grew up in a ranch in western ND and is very familiar with star constellations. While driving we noted a star that was blue, green,red. The brightness of the star was about the same as the other stars and twinkled like a star. My friend was interested in it because she said it was in a spot that didn't seem right to her. We looked at the star for about 10 minutes and while watching it took off in a very fast speed and was gone in a few seconds. It was NW in the sky and headed slightly NE. We took off down the highway (which didn't have much traffic at this time) and didn't care if we got a ticket! There are 2 airbases in ND. One is in Minot ND and one in Grand Forks ND. We were traveling from Grand Forks but at the time were 100 miles south of the Minot AFB and 30/40 miles east. The direction the UFO took off in would be toward the GFK AB if that was where they were going. That airbase would have been about 220 miles from where we were at the time. We debated about calling the Air Force about but thought they might think we were seeing things. As it turns out the ND air bases did get calls around that time about UFOs. There was a woman in Fargo ND about that time who claimed to be abducted by a UFO and a big story about it in the Fargo Forum. In the question about color being surface or other we didn't see specifically where the colors were in connection to the object.
