{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30289","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5525465.json","updb_database_id":5525465}
My parents saw a u.f.o. and it was in a lot of newspapers at that time also

My mother said they were watching tv in the middle of a sunny day when all of a sudden it became very dark outside. My mom went to the door to see if a storm was there and she said when she looked up she saw a gray object hovering over the house. The object made a low humming noise, it was very large my father said a football field at least or more. Mom said it hovered for a long time then just sped away very fast. It was also documented in various newspapers across a wide area (Williamsport down towards Harrisburg?)(been awhile memory of details are fading to be honest but I am trying to describe details best I can)and she showed me the clippings. Its amazing that no-one ever followed up on what this was. I want to know..I saw something in the skies in Texas while sitting outside at night with my son (1993-1995?)he saw it and I looked up when he asked me what it was. I thought I could explain it away until I saw it. I never saw a ball of light that bright of a white ovulating? back and forth up and down such as it was wobbling? and it moved fairly slow until it shot up into space. WTF? I can't believe no-one has an answer I am not a sceptic anymore since I saw things with my own eyes. I also saw an object just race across the horizon after the light had been just blinking about every 20 seconds. I didn't really watch the skies in Texas until the neighbors said they saw stuff a lot. I was sceptic until my son noticed that white ball of light that night then I watched a lot. I reported these things awhile ago on this sight but no-one had an answer for it.
