{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-05-08 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5458465.json","updb_database_id":5458465}
{rjl} A UFO Followed Us for a Mile.

My friend and I, both 17 at the time, were driving down a straight road at 25mph in his red 1980 Chevy S-10 regular cab pick-up. The road had older live oaks on either side but you could still see the sky above the trees between them. Within 100 feet of us turning on to the road an object appeared just above the trees in the sky in front of us. It was probably at a 45 degree angle to the ground, about 75 feet in the air, just above the tree tops. It seemed to be about the size of a VW Bug sideways with different colored lights in random sizes and colors. It never changed orientation to us and the lights were solid with no change in intensity that I remember. I'm not sure if my friend noticed it first or not, but we both looked at it for a long time. I commented to speed up and then slow down, it was locked with our changes and sped up and slowed down as if it was tethered to us. We both leaned out of the window to see if we could hear anything, there was no sound at all, just his car engine. It followed us and we both looked at it the entire time while we drove. The road goes around a lake towards the end and there's no trees to block the view. As we came to the clearing the craft left the atmosphere by moving up and to the left as fast as any TV or movie effect.
Here's the strange thing. We didn't talk about it, to each other or anyone else. It happened and we forgot that it did immediately afterwords.
8 years later, another friend was talking about The X-Files and suddenly I remembered. I told him the story as if it just happened, but I'd not ever told anyone until then.
I called my friend who was with me and said, "We were driving down Temple trail and there was something in the sky, finish the story.". He finished the story including remembering that we listened for sound, changed our speed and the fact that it left in a hurry at the end. He also had forgotten it until I then.
