{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-06 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59673","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5499465.json","updb_database_id":5499465}
Group of 7 lights at norther horizon with odd stragglers in a rough procession to a group above me of about 6 or seven with small red ones catching up and falling back and circeling around the bigger orange ones.

I was driving home on highway 4, in Manitoba. I was approaching the bridge north of Selkirk Manitoba spanning the Red River. Before this bridge is a slow bend in the highway. As I was approaching the bridge, out of the bend, I saw 7 or 8 large deep orange oval lights in the sky. You couldn't miss them. As I started rising on the bridge and gaining elevation, I could see more individual lights stretching to the North horizon where there was another group of 6 or seven. I was pretty freaked out, that's why I didn't count the exact number.
 I stopped right on the top of the bridge and turned my flashers on. Another car stopped on the bridge about 30 feet in front of me. We both got out and looked at this happening in the sky. I wanted to talk to this person, but he took off when the event ended. Until that time we watched the lights. I had my camera, a Canon 5D, and I set the ISO to 6400, but it would't take the pic. It was too dark, though it was a clear night.
 The objects were so large and bright, anybody outside would have seen them. You really did not even have to look up. They were blazingly there. They wern't being secretive about it. Anybody driving their car on Hwy 9 north of Selkirk, on hwy 9A north of Selkirk and Hwy 59 had to have seen them also. Anybody outside would have to have seen them.
As I said, the larger oval objects were a deep orange, about the colour of the moon on the horizon, except for one which was deep red. I wondered why the one was deep red, what was going on there? The objects were all moving from north to south, but each was an individual, all moving at various speeds. There were small red lights that would catch up and fall back from the larger orange ones. These would change direction and sort of frolic, I dont know how else to put it, with the larger orange ovals. It was like the large ones were migrating and the small red ones were like children cavorting around the larger ones. My feelings and thoughts were; what the hell am I witnessing here? What am I seeing, and why is that one deep red? Those are not airplanes, helicopters, fireworks or Chinese lanterns. Holy mackeral, it finally happened.
 25 years of driving longhaul and I have never seen anything like it, and personally, I never believed in such things. I have been humbled. There was nothing to indicate to me that these were machines of any kind, or alien craft from another planet, which I still do not believe. However...I have no, absolutely NO explanation or frame of reference, to come up with any explanation of what those were. The little red ones seemed to be moving with some sort of intelligence, though I could be projecting.The lights moved south and disappeared over the city of Selkirk, Manitoba. The time it took for the last ones from the horizon in the north to move south and disappear over Selkirk was about two and a half, three minutes. It lasted a while, and as I said, dozens of people must have seen them.I contacted the Winnipeg Free Press and the Winnipeg Sun via computer as soon as I got home about 10 minutes after midnight, and the next day contacted CTV news and CBC news, but they had received no other sighting alerts, and quite frankly, couldn't wait to hang up on me. To be fair, before this event, I would probably have had the same attitude. so there ya go. Thats it. You have my name and number, though I believe I have stated everything I can about this sighting.
Thank you.
