{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-21 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285465","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/465/mufon-5285465.json","updb_database_id":5285465}
Daylight, Stationary Dull Gunmetal gray sphere

November 21 2020 was a Saturday morning. It was around 8:15 or 8:30 in the morning, the sun was up and had been for maybe an hour or hour and a half. The sky was clear and cloudless. I was playing around and roughhousing with my 10 year old son when we ran into my bedroom. We live on the 12th floor of a 24 story building. and there’s a balcony off of my room which faces due East. The curtains were open. While play fighting with my son I looked out and saw a perfect sphere, dull metallic or gunmetal gray, not shiny, and eerily out of place. It was just hovering perfectly still and above some buildings what seems like probably no more than half a mile away, and I’d guess maybe 1000 feet in the air. It was not there earlier. It was silent and a little smaller than the size of the full moon, except it was not on the horizon. I would estimate that it was maybe 15 to 30 feet in diameter. About the size of a city bus, except it was hard to accurately judge exactly how far away it was, and thus its diameter and how high up it was are just my best guesses. 

We keep fighting a little, and I pause and look out again and I ask my son if he sees it. He says yes. Pretty matter-of-factly, I say something to the effect of “I think it’s a UFO” and go back to fighting. He chases me out of the room and down the hall and then back, about 30 seconds or so later. It’s still there. We stop and look at it for maybe 30 seconds. I guess you’d say I’m something of an amateur photographer and my pretty high quality camera was maybe 6 feet away. So was my phone. I think about taking a picture of it but I don’t. I tell myself something like “It can’t really be a UFO. It’s gotta be something else.”

We start fighting again and run off down the hall. When I come back a little later the sphere is gone and I start giving myself a hard time for not taking a picture of it, but I was still trying to convince myself that it was something else even though I know it wasn’t anything common, practical, or easily explained.

I know it wasn’t the moon because it was in the wrong place for the time of morning. I know it wasn’t a star or a planet because we can barely see more than 3 or 4 stars even on a clear night due to light pollution, but I still checked the internet for locations of the planets and moon and so on. We are not near any heavy airplane flight paths, especially none that low, and the apparent size of the sphere made it much too big to be a plane. It wasn’t a helicopter, which do occasionally fly near here but you can hear those really easily. They are LOUD. It was too big to be a drone. I’ve never seen anyone flying one around here anyway, and no self-respecting Turk is up and out of the house that early on a Saturday, especially to fly a drone.

About a week later I experienced after affects. I awoke in the middle of the night and my entire body was vibrating and I felt a static electricity-like tingly sensation which lasted maybe 15 or 20 seconds until I startled myself out of it. Maybe a week or two later it happened again, but with less intensity. I've never felt anything like that before or since.

I'm still kicking myself for not taking a pic. And now I'm always looking up!
