{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-01-01 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5527552.json","updb_database_id":5527552}
Tiny metallic shining dot stayed EXACTLY in place, very high and miles over from me. After approx 10 mins, SHOT to the west, disappeared.

Note: I am guessing at the year, as I really don't know for sure. Seems like around 2002 or so.

I was sitting on my front porch steps, looking at a clump of telephone wires that had been tied off in a spidery looking shape. Day-dreaming, resting. My eyes absent-mindedly followed one of the telephone lines over my sidewalk, to my right, and that is how I happened to notice a very distinct, yet almost unnoticeable (if I hadn't have looked almost exactly at it's spot accidently) silver-ish tiny 'dot'(a teensy bit bigger than a dot) just off the phone-line, to my perspective. It was obviously miles away, to north, and quite high up. So I just kept staring at it, wondering what it could possibly be. This was broad daylight, but I could see the sunlight glinting off of it to 'its' west, the direction of the sun at that time. 

One thing that struck me also, was that there's no way I would ever have noticed it, unless I looked almost exactly at its spot in the sky. But I wonder how it may have looked to anyone under it, or nearer to it. 

I didn't dare take my eyes off of it, for fear I'd lose it. So I sat there for a good 10 mins, thinking about the oddity of it. Mainly that it
kept it's EXACT position as I referenced it to the telephone line (as my marker). It wasn't moving in relation to me. After about 10 mins., I finally decided to run inside to see if my binoculars were somewhere easy to find. No, couldn't find them quickly so I went back outside and looked and it was still there, so I sat back down to keep watching it. 

After another minute (approx.) I saw it SHOOT to the west, slightly upward in a split second, and then it was gone.

I think about it a lot, even these many years later. Wish I could see it again. ;-D 

P.S. I did try to figure out approx what area it was over, which I realized was hard to fathom exactly due to how high and I didn't really know how big/far it was. But one thing in it's 'general' area, was the old Trojan Nuclear Plant that used to be located just outside Goble, Oregon. They destroyed it a few years ago. But it still stood at the time I saw this silver, stationary dot in that direction.
