{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-15 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5061,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5547552.json","updb_database_id":5547552}
Two large parallel luminescent bar shapes visible for nearly ten minutes in West-Central SC.

Two Large Parallel Luminescent Bar Shapes Visible For Nearly Ten Minutes In West-Central South Carolina

Photographed from Aiken, South Carolina (a few miles east of Augusta, Georgia) on November 15, 2008. Object(s) were visible from at least 
5:45 PM to about 5:55 PM EST.

  This report is derived from an article that ran in the November 23, 2008 (Sunday) edition of the Augusta (GA) Chronicle. It appeared in the newspaper1s 1CAROLINA CHRONICLE1 section, delivered to an Aiken, SC address. I did not witness this event. I do have a copy of the article.

  The article is headlined 1Look, up in the sky1, with a subhead 1Aiken teen shoots photo of meteor1. The article is centered on the section1s front page and consists of a single column of about 8 inches of text to the left of a photo measuring 4 7/81 by 8 11. 

  The lower 1 inch or so of the photograph showed a dark, uneven treeline. In the tan sky, about an inch from the top edge, are two bright orange-white parallel vertical lines, not starkly linear but more 1cursive1. They are both surrounded on their mutual exteriors by a reddish glow. In the photograph they are both 3/81 long. They are angled from the photographer1s location, slightly to the left for the lower and slightly to the right for the upper. 

  In this area trees can grow very tall. Even a cursory glance at this photo indicates a large object(s) in the early evening sky. I have attached a full-sized cropping of the object(s) with this report.

  The sighting occurred a few miles from the Savannah River Site, which produced 90% of the radioactive components used in the US1s nuclear weapons arsenal.

  What follows are excerpts from the Augusta Chronicle article of 2008-11-23, directly in quotations and summarizations not in quotes. The article is used under the Fair Use Doctrine, 100 words or less:

  1AIKEN 1 About a week ago, an 
Aiken teen witnessed a spectacular 
event 1 an unidentified object blazing 
toward Earth.
  Thinking he might be seeing the space
shuttle Endeavor1s fuel tank burning up
in the atmosphere, a 17-year-old name 
withheld snapped a few pictures as he
stood in the yard of his home.
  1It was visible for a good while 1
10 minutes or so 1 and finally disappeared
off into the distance,1 the high school senior
said in an e-mail. 1I was able to take
pictures and sent them to a friend . . .11

  The friend, highly educated and knowledge-
able of astronomy, 1told {the teen} that the object 
in the pictures was most likely a bright meteor; 
typically called a bolide. Bolides occur anytime a 
large meteor hits Earth1s atmosphere.
  1Most bolides last only a few seconds1 he
said. 1Some do last for up to five or six
minutes, but 10 minutes is very rare.11
   He also said 1It was exciting you were able
to see this. It is even more exciting that you were
able to capture it with a camera.1

  1The bolide sighting was not the first in
the Aiken area. 
  {The astronomer} 1said that about 2 or 3 years 
ago, almost to the day, there was a sighting.1
  1I remember it because it was a few days
before a meteor shower1, referring to the annual
Leonid meteor shower of mid-November.

  The astronomer said meteor showers generally
are due to very fine-sized comet dust, and usually 
don1t produce the brightest bolides. He speculated
that a few large comet fragments may be in the orbit 
of Comet Tempel-Tuttle.

End of article. 

  The photo is somewhat similar to 2 photos submitted to Mufon about a week ago from Great Britain. It was Case #15454. Those photos were labelled by the submitter 1Points of Light1 and 1Bolides1.

  Personally, for this object, or objects, to be as large as they obviously were, and remain airborne for 10 minutes, does not indicate space rocks. If they were part of a meteor, they would have to have hit the atmosphere at exactly the correct angle to 1) partially burn in the atmosphere, as it or they were clearly luminous, and 2) not fall to the surface within a 10 minute time span.

  I don1t know what it or they were, but I doubt they were space rocks.

You can see the entire article and full-sized photo plus additional reports at

http://AlienVisitorEvidence.blogspot.com
