{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5469552.json","updb_database_id":5469552}
{rjl} Observed a large object the shape of the bottom of a half moon with small lights hovering around it.

I was on my back porch smoking a cigarette and looked up into the N, NW portion of the sky. I noticed what I first thought was a half-moon until I realized that it was would have been the bottom half of the moon. That is a view that we do not see on this planet. Looking closer I saw that it had a silvery surface that seemed to give off it's own light. 

Judging from where I was, the object looked as if it was directly over what would be the town of MaryDel, DE, right on the Maryland/Delaware border. That town is at least 10-13 miles away from Dover. 

Next I noticed several small, white lights, (maybe 3 or 4), one of which was pulsating, maneuvering around the large, bowl shaped object. They were moving quite slowly in all directions. They would move in one direction, then stop and suddenly move in another direction. 

I called my adult son outside and we both remarked that it had to be a UFO. We watched it for about 15 minutes total. I even went back inside the house, came back and it was still there. 

There was absolutely no noise from the objects. This became very obvious when we suddenly could see and hear a helicopter near the objects but could not determine how close it was actually getting. 

We also witnessed a plane passing by the objects, but at a much greater distance past it. The plane was not anywhere near the objects, just passed by in the same line of sight. I'm certain that the pilots would have seen the objects.

Neither my son nor I saw the objects shoot off, fly away or land. One moment they were there, the next moment I looked up and they were gone. 

Both of us were a bit nervous and confused. After talking about what manmade objects it could have been, we agreed that it did not look like anything we had ever witnessed before.

I use a flip phone and did not take a picture. My son's phone was upstairs and honestly, neither of us even thought about taking a picture at the time of the incident. 

Neither of us mentioned it to our spouses or to each other again until 3/17/18, when my daughter and grandson came to visit. Something she said sparked the memory of the event and I talked about it in detail to my wife, daughter and grandson. I still have no idea what it was but would like answers. Thank you.
