{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5283552.json","updb_database_id":5283552}
Saw what looked like code on my wall then saw a creature

I don’t know if this is the right group
All I know is I saw something nearly two weeks ago and I’ve lost sleep over it
I’m in my late 30’s and I’m afraid of the dark and can’t be alone without feeling terrified 

I’ve kinda fallen down a proverbial rabbit hole I guess you could say between lack of sleep and being terrified 

I don’t take medications 
I do t drink or use drugs
I’m just a full time mom nothing crazy just 24/7 kids

I was asleep in my room in my bed and I woke to the sound of my bedroom door being pushed open because it creaks like a creepy ass door
Naturally it always jolts me awake and as I turn to see which of my kids is standing there just staring at me like little creepers I always prep myself so I don’t jump or scream
So I do my process and turn and I see nothing….
Next step is looking into the doorway… so I sit up and look and all I see is this crazy glow bluish light but not super bright. And all I see are numbers and letters going across my wall in rows. It was like someone was projecting computer code on my hallway wall… I blink a bunch rub my eyes and look like 20 times… I’m like WTF would be causing this, am I hallucinating…. So I think… look at the walls in your room see if you see it in the room too I turn to the right… everything looks normal 
I turn to the left and I about jumped out of my own body….
It’s this thing 
In the corner of my room 
It has a tiny torso long arms and fingers, long legs and an odd shaped head slightly bigger than a human and about the height of an adult male human but it’s NOT human
As we locked eyes it moved slightly to its right and took a step back and literally went transparent but I could still see it’s full outline yet I could see my wall and closet and curtains behind it.
I told myself get your ass up and leave the room NOW
As I got to the doorway I felt highly threatened truly terrified and all the glow and numbers and letters disappeared 
I checked on my kids who were asleep in the living room and sat on the couch trying to make sense of things but too afraid to go back in my room.
I realized I heard what sounded like a really loud fish tank bubbler for maybe half an hour then silence 
I waited hours to go back and found nothing abnormal
