{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-20 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2832,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5459552.json","updb_database_id":5459552}
Object was seen silently zooming from a SE direction it then suddenly stopped dead still in the sky for 2-3 seconds then rapidly zoomed off towards N

Was laying in the garden at about 3pm UK time during the summer of July last year (approx date between 18th and 25th July) 
Suddenly I noticed an large metallic sphere silently zooming across the sky from the SE (the direction I was facing) it was getting closer at a fast pace when suddenly it stopped dead still and hovered in the sky for 3-5 seconds it was in line with me when it stopped but a few houses down the road if that makes senses? I had never seen anything in my life that looked like this and I live in a busy part of the city where there are no fly zones. From a distance it looked like a shiny metallic / mirrored ball and as it got closer I could see it was a more of a matte metallic ball. It’s almost like it didn’t have definite edges as they seemed blurry and hard to fully focus on. It was reflecting the sky blue colour back but as it came closer I could see it was definitely a metallic flying object. It hovered for a few seconds and then changed direction and zoomed off really quickly towards North in the sky. This happened in broad daylight and there was only 1 wispy streak of cloud in the sky visible to me on this day. The object zoomed towards this streak of cloud and I jumped up off my sun lounger to keep it in my vision as I was completely taken aback by it. As it approached the edge of the thin streak of cloud (almost like trails planes engines leave behind sometimes) it vanished into thin air. I was in complete shock I had never seen anything like that in my life and never seen anything move in that way before. I was so shocked at the time I didn’t think to get my phone or camera I was just fixated with my eyes on the object. It has taken me a long time to try and process what I saw that day. It gave me a feeling I can’t describe and I have not stopped thinking about it at least once a day ever since. 
(Note- I am unsure about how to calculate elevation degrees - it came from a SE direction a bit lower than a plane would fly over. As there are blocks of flats and houses I didn’t spot the object until it was a couple hundred feet away)
