{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-04 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5291552.json","updb_database_id":5291552}
Fourth of July, 2017. Very large UFO over northern Indianapolis.

UFO SIGHTING

Described below is something so bizarre that I want to share it. Someone else may have had a similar experience and kept it to themselves.

On the Fourth of July, 2017 in northern Indianapolis, about 1 p.m., I saw something I cannot explain. I walked into my large backyard and happened to glance up. Small, dense white clouds were traveling in a northeastern direction under a beautiful blue sky. I was watching them when I noticed that one very large cloud to the near northwest, the exact same color as the rest, was stationary. That big cloud was gently moving, like slowly bubbling or percolating in place, while the smaller clouds traveled northward above, below, and beside it. 

Then I saw something I wasn’t prepared to see. The big cloud was mostly concealing an enormous craft. From my viewpoint, the overall effect resembled the nose of a cruise ship peeking out of a cloud. The craft’s skin was smooth with no external appendages. Its color was a pale, washed-out, non-reflective gray. There was no sound.

The part of the craft I could observe looked like a 3-layer cake. I made a drawing of it from memory. The top tier was the smallest and had no openings. The second level was deeper and wider, rounded on the end, and had about four black, vertically rectangular openings or windows that were a bit wider at the bottom. The rest of them were masked by the cloud. The third layer was wider still and had no openings that I could see. The bottom of this level, and whatever was below it, was concealed by the cloud. The craft was close by and immense. Judging from what I was able to see, it must have been hundreds of feet across.

I went back into the house to find my wife (and the camera only she knew how to operate). She was grocery shopping. I came out again about five minutes later and the thing was still there. I returned to the house and came out about twenty minutes later. It was gone. 

I didn’t take UFOs seriously until I saw one and then waited three years before I told anyone except my wife. The event didn’t much affect me at the time. Now I think of it often and find myself watching clouds more closely. What I probably saw was the left edge of a “flying saucer” that closely resembles some of the drawings on Google Images. There are references in Google Search about unidentified craft hiding in, or being masked by, clouds.

Who made those things and what are they doing here?
