{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-09-05 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506552","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52215","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/552/mufon-5506552.json","updb_database_id":5506552}
abducted by two varieties of aliens

i was at home sleeping and two tall greys one on each arm drug me out of the house. out side was a golden almost van like craft was hovering about 1 to 2 feet of the ground. the tall greys put a black hood over my head and put me inside. i could not see where i was going but they acted agressive and dominerring towards me and told me to be quiet.i kind of fainted and they took me out in the bush some where and took me to a clearing by a road for automobiles. and they let me go and told me to pay atention to what happens during my experience. then they rudely push me forward to two tall red skinned huminiods that look strickingly beautiful but because of there large stature i almost fainted. my kness buckled the fear over whelmed me and i began to prey to god to protect me. he asked me in english with our vocabulary and vocalisation what i was doing. he told me not to worship them. i felt fear but mostly shame because in a moment i lost faith in the creator of the universe. and i cryed out with all the emotion and strength i have in me im not worshiping you im scared of you. they came towards me and helped me up and said don't be scared. they were about 7 feet tall there was one male and one female. and she was nude very natural looking like with nature. she was sexy but i felt perverted because of my own human nature and i felt ashame. because i new they were telepathic and because of my shame i looked to the male because he seemed to be in charge and i feared him the most. 
i seem to lose memory at this point but i do remembering me and him sitting in a clear cut forest on a log that was lying on the ground. the clear cut area was about as big as a football field especially in shape and size. i could see his ship and it was about 50 to 60 feet wide it was a flat black and disk shape. it was about 150 yards away not hovering but flat on the ground. i also remember a power line with two red balls on the power lines i think there transformers or something that power lines have on earth.he asked me questions but i felt i was in a semiconscience state because i senced he was using his telepathy to scan my mind during our conversation. probably to control me and to understand.all this time his mouth was talking normal english like humans do.after our conversation they took me back home but i only remember the front steps of my house where i went inside and went to sleep...the next day i was able to converse with the deseased people of the earth.i speculated there telepathy and trauma opened my mind to what really exists on earth.there were about over a dozen people on the reservation that became schizophrenics.the doctor i visited told me i wasnt the only one...
