{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1989-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182405","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1x4y4vy","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182405,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Excited barking as disc emitted light beam and stirred treeGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Directory
Cantonment, Florida

April 5, 1989

Animal Behavior Feature:
At 11 p.m., a disc descended and hovered over a tree. The tree was disturbed
as if by a wind, and then the tree was illuminated by a white beam from the
object. The object was estimated at 100 feet in altitude and 160 feet
from the witness. A dog barked excitedly throughout the duration of
these events. A 1whoosh1 sound was reported, but the timing and
duration of the sound is unclear. The telephone had loud static during the
event.
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
At 11 p.m., a 14-year-old girl located on a farm saw a light through the window
of the house. It was a clear night with no reported weather. She
saw an object descend and hover over a tree. As the object hovered over the
tree, the tree bent as if in a strong wind. A door opened at the bottom of
the object and a white beam of light shown onto the tree. The teenager
called a 14-year-old neighbor who went out and saw the disc ascend and spin.
An adult also saw the departure.
The object was described as a dark gray disc with an estimated 40 bluish-white
or white lights around the side at the bottom. The altitude and distance
from witness, as stated above, was calculated by triangulation. The
actual size of the object was estimated to be 30 feet or less. It appeared
from the SE, and disappeared to the SW. Its elevation was estimated
as 60 degrees.
[Between the point of the object hovering over the tree and the projection
of the white beam from its bottom, the body lights may have gone out (not
clear from the report). Duration of event was indicated as 15.00,1 which
I assume to be minutes.1jw]
Whoosh sound and possible EM effect on telephone were reported. No
physiological effects were reported.
Source: MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON
Headquarters, July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #890502, By Terry Kussart,
Rex and Carol Salisberry.
