{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-22 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5521824.json","updb_database_id":5521824}
It made me run back into my house.

I went onto my back balcony to smoke a cigarette before my wife went to work and as I looked out into the back yard; I noticed that there was a bright band of what looked like clouds traveling straith up into the air. It did not look like any cloud that I had ever seen; so I looked closer and realized that what I was seeing was impossible. I ran back into the house and asked my daugther to bring her digital camera and I pointed out the thing to her and she took a photo of it. What we could see with our eyes was not what showed up on the digital screen on the back of her camera; we could see this double band of bright white/yellow goldish cloud like thing that extended straight up and down for about 3 to 4 miles (this was very visible against the dark rain clouds in the backgroud). What was visible on the camera was a thin trail that went straight up for about a mile before taking a sharpe 90 degree left turn that went out for about half a mile before taking a 45 degree turn back into the opposite direction then it turned another 90 degree turn and continued of the screen. What we saw with our eyes, was not what the camera picked up. We went inot the house and I showed the photo to my wife and she finally agreed with me that very strange things are happening in the skies over our community. This is the 3rd sighting that I have witnessed and the first to be caught on camera. This is the truth as I know it to be; I served 21 years in the US Army and now work as DOD employee here in Germany. This incident made it impossible for me not to make this report; I have seen a lot of unexplained things, but this one was just to close to home for my liking. I will not attach a copy of the photo to this website. If you would like to view it then contact me via my email address and I will have my daughter send it to you.
