{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-22 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5193,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5456824.json","updb_database_id":5456824}
{rjl} MASSIVE Cylindrical UFO Seen Entering Earth's Atmosphere

My daughter and I were heading home from a weekend long trip to my mother's house which is located in Northern Lower Michigan.
We were traveling South on the I-75 freeway near exit 74, which is near Square Lake Road and the White Chapel Cemetery, following the posted speed limit of 70, traveling in the left lane.
The time was roughly 1:00 AM, the freeway was largely empty of traffic since it was very very late on a Sunday night, road and weather conditions were excellent, with unlimited visibility and a very dark, clear, cool, cloud free star filled sky.
We were driving along the freeway in my 1999 full sized Dodge Conversion Van, which just happens, because of it's design, to give both the driver and front passenger exceptional and almost unlimited visibility in almost every direction except for the rear of the vehicle.
I just happened, for some strange reason, to glance to my front far left out of my vans side window, just as we were entering a gentle curve to the left in the road, when I suddenly spotted what I at first thought was, obviously, a very large, and very very bright blue meteor/fireball, with a very large and long tail, which had entered the earth's atmosphere. 
I immediately called my daughters attention to the unusual and luminous, bright blue flame shaped object which sported an extremely long tail that looked exactly like the flame of a blow torch. 
If you are very very lucky, maybe once in a lifetime, you MAY be able to spot a fireball like this one entering the earth's atmosphere, especially one as large, bright, and detailed as this one was to us. 
This is my second fireball sighting. 
My first sighting was of an earth grazing asteroid fireball, which occured in far North Eastern Lower Michigan in a very dark, unpopulated wilderness area in a dark star filled spring sky in the 1970's, when I was still a young teenager. My sister witnessed this sighting as well, but I have been unable to find an astronomer to verify this sighting due to the remoteness of the flight path of the fireball.
My sighting occurred at an angle of 60 degrees or more, at an estimated minimum elevation of 100 thousand feet.
I immediately slowed my vehicle so that we could get a better view as we were traveling into the object's direction as the curve of the road carried us there, and that's when things got really odd, because I suddenly realised just how odd the object, and the whole situation itself was.
What I was seeing was a bright blue ball of flame that tapered off at the back end to very long tail, and located inside of the very middle of that ball of blue flame, at the front, was a very large cylindrical object which for all the world resembled the first stage of a Saturn Five Rocket Booster Rocket, only it was much larger in diameter and longer in length. It was traveling in a horizontal position in the fireball in relation to its direction of travel, taking the brunt of the reentry heat directly on the objects side.
I suddenly realised that this thing was traveling way too slow to be an actual fireball entering our atmosphere and that it should have already burned itself out. 
If this thing was an actual rocket booster body getting that blue white hot. It should have already melted or burned up, or it should have just disintegrated from the reentry shock, because it was traveling on a ballistic reentry, and the angle of attack was only 10 or 15 degrees.
Also, if it was a rocket booster body, the US Gov would have shot it down a long long time ago, and they would never ever let such a thing come in over US soil and our populated areas. 
I know for a fact the the US Gov has the capability to track and shoot down such objects while they are still in space, and the US Military would not hesitate, not for a second, to demonstrate this technology to shoot an object down if it became necessary to do so. 
The object inside the fireball, when the fireball traveled down below cloud deck height, then rotated on its central axis in a controlled manner, turning itself a full 90 degrees so that its end was pointed to the ground, still traveling at a 10 to 15 degree angle, and the flames surrounding it changed from a pure blue color to a mix of blue and yellow, dimmed, and then turned yellow before the craft disappeared below the horizon.

I waited to hear on the news the next day that a rocket had crashed into a residential area, killing hundreds, but of course, it was not a rocket booster or anything else the US military would allow to be where it was.
