{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7984","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5548824.json","updb_database_id":5548824}
Objects popping up out of nowhere traveling NE to SW

I just finished watching a baseball game on television on Saturday 9/22/07 (Go Cubs!). Immediately after the post game show, I went out to my deck, which is on the west side of my house, in my backyard. I was sitting in a chair facing east (towards my house) when I saw a jet traveling north from the south. There was nothing else to look at so I was following the jet with my eyes when an object caught my eyes when I was looking directly east. This object was all white and was completely standing still when I first saw it. At first, I thought it was a star or mercury/venus, but it was too early in the day to be able to see a star or planet. I kept my eyes on it and suddenly, it shot off from the NE to the SW. There was a very slight breeze from the SSW at the time, so I do not believe this was something carried by the wind, as it would have been going against the wind at a pretty good speed. As the object moved to the SW I was able to get a closer look at it. It was a very odd shape. Almost like a balloon with a huge streamer, but the streamer did not flutter around as you would expect from a balloon being carried by the wind.

From the time the first object I saw began moving to the time it was out of sight was about 10 seconds. I did not get a chance to take a picture of that object. I was actually thinking about going inside and grabbing my camera when I notice a second object. This object was already moving when I noticed it. Trying to think quick, I ran inside and grabbed my camera, turning it on when I was running back through the house to the deck (This took about 30 seconds as I had to go to the lower level of my house). When I got back outside, the object was just disappearing behind some trees and I could not get a picture. But, I immediately looked up to where the other objects appeared from and there was ANOTHER object. I tried taking several pictures and am attaching the one of the best quality (object is in lower left corner). I can not tell what it is, even after zooming in on it. The sky was very bright and it is very difficult to zoom in on a small object very far away with those tiny view finders.

I do know that whatever these thing were had to be moving with their own power and not carried by the wind. As I said, there was a very slight breeze from the SSW and these things were moving to the SW from NE.
