{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-16 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3566,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5289824.json","updb_database_id":5289824}
Strange sighting at Moore Nature Reserve

I remember this like it was yesterday, it will stick with me for life. I can't remember the specific date but I can remember the time of year and roughly the month and year. I had gone for a late night drive with 3 friends and we decided to drive to Moore and have a little walk around. 

We were sat in the car talking and my friend asked me if there was a lighthouse to the left of us in the distance. I knew there wasn't as it was a stretch of water from the river mersey and then an estate of portable homes. 

I could see the light in the distance it was bright white and it was about as high as a telephone post from the ground. As soon as we all turned to get a better look the object changed shape into a sort of flaming ball it then started to ascend quickly. Ascending higher and higher the object then changed to a dull dark grey object and it was dropping flare like objects out of the back of it. I specifically remember my friend making a joke saying it was body parts to which we all laughed. 

After a about a minute and a half the object started to descend as if it was interested in what we were doing. The object was immediately ahead of our car and descending with speed but very calmly. There was no sound and the object was an acorn shape, it was large enough for us to see it in our direct line of sight. It suddenly came to a stop roughly just higher than the tree's and bushes and it was as if it was looking at us. It hard lights on the bottom of it, sort of rotational colours on the rim.  We were frozen in fear, I remember sounding the words lock the doors to my friend who was driving. I felt so uneasy and the thought was crossing my mind that I was going to be taken.

The object was there at a standstill for roughly 3 minutes but it felt a lot longer. It then started to slowly move away to the right at the same elevation over the trees and into the distance. Initially we panicked because we thought it was going to land and come back to the car. We couldn't believe what we had witnessed, we joked about being probed and that we all felt like we were going to be taken. 

We got out of the car carefully and decided to head over into the direction the craft went. We walked for roughly 5/10 minutes but we could no longer see any evidence of the craft. I don't remember getting home that morning but I was sure nothing happened in terms of abduction. 

My friends and I didn't speak about this after it happened until a few years later one of my friend mentioned it to me.  I had completely forgotten about it strangely until I was reminded of it and then every memory come rushing back to me. We all experienced the same thing so it wasn't a hallucination, it wasn't a regular air craft because I know what they look like. Unfortunately this was in a time when we didn't have camera phones so I couldn't take any pictures. I didn't really need to though as it feels burnt into my memory now.
