{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-17 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5497824.json","updb_database_id":5497824}
{rjl} Was looking up Orion's belt then saw what I thought was Venus, then it started moving across the sky, dull orange. Then i noticed one faint star behind it, then a triangle formation appeared and all 5-6 crafts were visible.... I watched for 5 min

Was looking up at Orion's belt from my 11th story balcony having a cigarette.( the site asked what I was thinking or how it made me feel) I was thinking about my day and asking for my new photography venture to be successful. I was admiring the stars and thinking about all the successful people in Biz and was asking to be blessed in my current ventures. Then saw what I thought was Venus, I stared at it for about a minute or so and it seemed to be out of place. 

Then it slowly started moving across the sky, it was dull orange. First thought it was a Satellite, it was moving at that speed. Then it made a slight change in direction more Southwest like an arch pathway then straighten out on its new course.

Then I noticed one faint star behind it, and they were moving together for around 30 sec. Then a triangle formation appeared and all 5-6 crafts were visible but faint.... I watched for 2-3 min. The lower back right craft was still a dull orange, but way brighter than the rest... While the others remained white like a dull stars. They moved across the sky steady even pace until I lost visual because of a sudden dense cloud cover. I ran in to grab my camera, but no luck capturing the right exposure as they were only dots in the sky. The sky cleared up around 10 min later with patchy clouds from todays storm and they had moved on out of sight.

I live in NY, and see the planes and helicopters flying by every night into JFK and LGA airports from my 11th story apartment. I see their landing lights and blinking lights, and this was not anything I have ever witnessed.
