{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-27 05:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28838","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5526824.json","updb_database_id":5526824}
volo por encima de nuestras cabezas sin ningun sonido al amanecer de ese dia

aparecio detras del avila a las 5:53 am, tardo aproximadamente 2 minutos en cruzar el cielo desde el avila hasta el donde la vista daba. se tomo en la urb. el marques el sabado 27/2/10 por mi persona, direccion diagonal norte-este. el objeto era una luz blanca intensa, siempre del mismo color, sin otras luces, puede ser esferica o lenticular, su velocidad es mayor a la de un avion, que he visto en infinidad de oportunidades, sabiendo distinguir bien entre aviones, avionetas y helicopteros pues he visto cotidianamente desde el mismo punto de observacion a estos pasar durante a1os. en el segundo 32 se puede ver como sube de intencidad, luego redujo la velocidad y se fue perdiendo de vista por el amanecer y el alejamiento, sin emitir sonido alguno. el video fue tomado con una telefono celular nokia n82 en resolucion alta y exposicion predeterminada

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
i just arrived to my home (5:15 am aprox) and were some friends drinking in front of my home, then i stay with them drinking and talking 
2. What made you first notice the object?
i always watch the sky because this is not the first time i see object in the sky
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
an UFO! so very different of an airplane, same fly height of they
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions.
white light circle, constant, same direction
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
when i saw this light i ran to take my nokia n82 in the bag (i had a blackberry in the pocket but nokia have 4mpx resolution camera in video, so much better quality)remenber that i just arrive to my home and i not opened the door yet, my stuffs been outside
6. How did you lose sight of the object?
when fly away and my home block the view (sorry for my english)

please watch the edited video in youtube (only audio, i put music because in the original one can hear obscene words in background)*(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CM/sg).
i upload it the same day. 
edited video on my nokia n82
