{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546824","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20398","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/824/mufon-5546824.json","updb_database_id":5546824}
Strobing bright white flickering light in night sky.

Here are the notes I jotted shortly after the sighting...

(NOTE: on submitting this form an error kept occurring. Had to change the time to get it to go. Someone needs to check this form, thanks)

12:04 to 12:06 am the morning of Monday, 11/9/2009. My wife and I were driving home from a late Sunday night movie at Park Meadows. She noticed a bright flickering light in the sky out her side of the car and got my attention. I glanced up then parked along the road fairly quickly. It was moving very slowly away from us, first at an elevation of roughly 45 degrees, and a distance from us of perhaps a couple thousand feet, although distance was very hard to judge. About 2 minutes later it disappeared by fading out abruptly. It seemed like it disappeared into the cloud layer, at something like 15 to 20 degrees elevation, and at a greater distance from us off to the east.

We first saw it as we were rounding the curve on E. County Line Road heading east and then curving to the north just before it intersects with E. Otero Ave. This is near Centennial Airport. You can see the spot where where we first saw it on Google Earth at 39d 34m 1.27s N and 104d 49m 38.47s W. I pulled over at the point where the road widens to create a right-turn lane for turning east onto Otero. I got out and quickly took a video clip on my cell phone. Couldn't tell if that video worked, and will check it out tomorrow. We got back in car, turned onto Otero going east, then stopped again within 100 feet or so of the intersection. We watched it move away from us just a little to the right of straight out our front window. Looking on Google maps, it appeared to be moving pretty much due east during the two minutes of the sighting.

All we could see in the dark sky was a bright, flickering strobe light, almost sparkling in appearance. The pulses of light were very quick, perhaps 5 or 6 quick flashes followed with a short pause, several flashes per second. Either the object was moving around a bit, or there was more than one strobe light on the source, as the light point was jiggling around in location as it was flickering. I carefully compared its location and movement with lighting on the horizon, and am convinced the motion was more than misperception due to autokinesis.

No other lights could be seen, just the brilliant almost bluish-white strobing light or lights. It started out close enough to us that I feel certain any conventional aircraft's lights should have been visible.

Weather was very calm with little or no detectable wind at ground level. No stars could be seen as it appeared there was a layer of clouds. The sky was very dark.

We got a good bearing at the point it disappeared, as it was directly above a red light on a water tower or tank east and slightly south of our location just around the corner on Otero, where I stopped the car a second time. This tank can be seen on Google maps, satellite view at 39d 33m 58.29s N and 104d 49m 1.78s W

Just minutes before the sighting, as we drove past the south end of the runway area of Centennial Airport, I had noticed strobing lights near ground level marking that end of the runway approach. Not sure if they flash all the time or only when there's traffic. I did notice them flashing tonight. We didn't notice any other air traffic that we can remember.

On a side note, we've twice recently noticed aircraft on landing approach into Centennial having their bright landing light cycle on and off at a frequency of something like once per second. The strobing light tonight was entirely different. The landing lights would smoothly light up and dim down rythmically due to the filament bulb rise and fall time. The strobing light tonight was composed of extremely short brilliant flashes in an irregular pattern resulting in a bright flickering effect. I mention those landing lights because my wife and I have talked about them in the last few days, as we do watch the Centennial traffic quite often and notice when anything is unique. We suspect the landing lights are explainable, but neither of us have ever seen anything like the flickering strobes we saw tonight.

I do have a theory, and perhaps someone can check this out and get back to me, as a quick check on the Internet didn't provide me with any good answers. Since the sighting was at 12:04 am, a balloon launched from near Centennial Airport at exactly midnight is something to check into. As I understand it, though, weather balloons are launched at midnight Greenwhich time, but perhaps this was some other type of research balloon. Were the lower level winds below the cloud layer generally easterly at that time and location? Are their balloons with strobe lights being launched by anyone? Can a launch be verified for this date, time, and location? Did anyone else report this sighting? Thanks for any answers you might be able to provide.
