{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-17 17:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487123","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/123/mufon-5487123.json","updb_database_id":5487123}
{cak} Witnessed basketball size yellow-orange orb emerge from trees and move away from us while in a vehicle

My sister, toddler son and I were driving home from a shopping trip. It was approximately 5:20 - 5:25 pm. We were driving a Chevy Tahoe at approximately 45 mph behind a school bus which was 1/4 a mile ahead with driving lights on. It was very dark, so we were driving with our high beams on. The area we were traveling through is known to have many deer crossing the road so we were alert, but talking to one another as we traveled through the area. I was in the driver's seat and my sister was seated in the passenger seat. My son was seated on the rear, center seat in his carseat. We had the local radio playing at a low volume. Suddenly my sister stopped talking my sentence. I noticed her sudden silence and just at that moment I saw a yellow-orange light approximately the size of a basketball retreating down the hill away from us down the center of the road. I immediately said, "did you see that?" She gasped and yelled, "YES!!" My immediate response was to ask her if she saw a light. She told me she had. She was scared. Shaken up. I asked her where it came from. She told me it had come out of the woods toward the car, then abruptly turned left and then went out of sight. That had been when I saw it in the rear view mirror. 

We continued on the way home, talking about it the whole way. We speculated on whether it was the headlight of an ATV, but ruled that out. My sister said it wasn't attached to anything, and also pointed out that the ATV s tend to have reflective lights and taillights, of which we had not seen any. It had maintained it's round sphere shape throughout. Of it had been an ATV it would have cast a light. This did not. It maintained a steady shape and dull, orangish light. It had a slight yellow aura, almost like a streetlight casting light in the distance. that had been my initial thinking when I had seen it in my rear view mirror. It was larger and much lower than a streetlight, however, which is what prompted me to ask my sister whether she had seen it. 

It never made a noise that we could hear. The radio continued to play, so if it had made a noise we never heard it.

My sister was scared. I never felt fear, or anxiety or anything. I had tried to figure out what it was, to logic it. I am not sure what it could have been. It didn't seem natural in origin. It wasn't particularly bright, however. It seemed to be as bright as a candle or an old, bulb style flashlight. We couldn't see any details on it. When it came out of the woods it was nearly parallel with the passenger side window and seemed to continue to keep that altitude as it receded down the mountain. The location we witnessed it at was heading uphill, nearly to Owl's Head, right before we made it to the top of the hill. 

Thank you for letting me report this, and thank you for all that you and your organization do.
