{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-27 20:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455123","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106489","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/123/mufon-5455123.json","updb_database_id":5455123}
{rjl} Small formation of 3 intense orange orbs drifting horizontally to the right

I've actually seen these orbs on 3 seperate occasions now and have taken photos of them on 2 of the days I saw them.

The first sighting occurred around the beginning of February and I had just gotten home with my girlfriend at around 7-8 at night. I looked up at the stars as I like doing because I am really passionate about astronomy and noticed 2 bright orange dots hovering on either side of the Orion Constellation. At the time, I admittedly didn't quite pay attention to them that much because I was more into Betelgeuse since the star was mysteriously dimming at the time and I just assumed the lights were particularly bright red giants. After about a minute, I went inside my house and came back out about 10 minutes later to realize that the lights were gone and as a result, were definitely not stars. Upon thinking about it, I'm not sure how I ever mistook them for stars

Sighting 2
The second sighting occured about a week before the 27th, I went out to my porch to check if the sky was clear enough for some astronomy when I noticed the lights again. This time they were in a sort of deformed vertical V formation and the middle light was pulsating in and out. They were also very slowly drifting horizontally from left to right at in a very slow almost hovering like speed. I took a picture on my phone and rushed back inside to grab my telescope to get a better look at them and by the time I was outside, less than a minute later, they had dissapeared. I should also note that the first picture I have linked below is the one I took that day and I should also mention that the orange light on the far right of the screen isn't one of the orbs, it's a light flare from the work building to the left of the image.

Sighting 3
This is so far my best observation of them as I was out in a dark field using my telescope to take some detailed pictures of the moon. After I was done, I panned my scope to the left to look at the Orion Nebula and out of the corner of my eye, further to the left, I noticed the orbs again. I took another image and noted that it appeared in the same spot in the sky as the second sighting but not the first one and that the middle light wasn't pulsating this time. It also had the same formation as in the second sighting but more pinched together, almost as if it was farther away than normal. I panned my scope to them to see more detail and they still just looked like orange orbs, as if there was no detail to see or maybe it was hidden under the strong glow emitted by the objects. Also just like the second sighting, they were drifting to the right very slowly, not raising or lowering in altitude at all. The second image is of this sighting. After about 3 minutes at around 8:30, they dissapeared after going behind a tree. 

Some things I should note:
At one point, I wondered if they were flares as there is a large, very active military base near Albany but after looking at flare formations on some YouTube videos, I saw that they don't really look that similar. The orbs drifted completely horizontally from left to right without any loss or gain to altitude and didn't flicker like flares at all. They remained entirely consistent in brightness and shape throughout the sightings. 
Another thing to mention is that Albany has a small but very active airport as well as a very active airspace where large passenger planes are a VERY common sight as well as personal planes, random small glider planes, and etc. Basically any plane you can imagine is a very common sight in Albany, helicopters too. There's also a military base and military craft are commonly seen in the sky too. Even jets and the double rotor cargo helicopters. Something to note about this is that I sometimes look at them through my scope and even when they are incredibly far away, I can usually see their outline through my telescope. The lights however, I could see nothing, no details at all. They looked nothing like any aircraft Ive ever seen with AND without thr telescope.
The last thing to mention is that after doing some research, it seems these orbs are actually a recurring phenomenon and have been seen several times in Albany over the last decades. According to other sightings by other people, they always look just like the ones I saw, but sometimes they move more erratically and up to 10 of them have been seen at one time. Just something I thought I should mention
