{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-07 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530123","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/123/mufon-5530123.json","updb_database_id":5530123}
Crimson sphere, 2 additional bright white sperical objects in close proximity.

I was driving westbound on 3rd ave. near Cranmer Park. There were no other cars on the road or the cross streets. Just above the trees to the south/south-west I observed 3 very large bright spherical objects. 2 were white light and one was crimson. The 2 objects with white light seemed to cross in close proximity to each other with the crimson object centered slightly below them. These two objects moved in opposite directions (south east and south west) leaving the crimson object which dipped down in a V shaped path. When it completed the V shaped route it hovered in the air for about 60 seconds which is when I was able to really focus on it's characteristics. First, regardless of the direction of the object, it always remained a spherical object, as opposed to, for example, seeing the underside as it moves higher in the sky. There was no sound from any of the objects. It's movements were similar to a helicopter and I tried to dismiss it as a helicopter. But the object was way to large to be helicopter lights and I would have been able to see the body of the helicopter as it changed direction and height. 

I wish I could remember more specifics but I was too busy trying to convince myself I was seeing something normal. Primarily I remember the point at which the crimson object was hovering and I could see it very clearly. I would describe it as spherical, with a beautiful crimson (deep red with black kind of running through it)color. It didn't shimmer, it looked more like plasma. Around the circumference of the object looked almost like contained flames. It was one of the most beautiful colors I have ever seen. It started moving down behind the trees and then it was gone. 

It also didn't project any light, it was completely self contained. It was pretty low in the sky, and closer than airliners pass overhead. All 3 of the objects had to be very large. 

I wasn't afraid while I was watching it, or after. Oddly, when I recall the color of the crimson object, the most overwhelming feeling I have is how beautiful it was. I have never seen a color so beautiful.
