{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-22 09:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499123","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4173,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/123/mufon-5499123.json","updb_database_id":5499123}
{rjl} White ball like object moving fast and straight on a sunny day

I usually go to Princeton NJ to do work on Mondays but for uninteresting reasons I drove all the way up there and it was cancelled. So I drove back home and decided to chill for the day. I had my Jeep top down and a jacket on because it was a little chilly. I went to a liquor store and got a six pack...I bought it at 9:10 am because I had to call them because they forgot to open the doors (it's a large Roger Wilco on rt 73 in Palmyra. I then drove to a half mile from my house where there is a soccer field and park and I was by myself and turned off the Jeep and cracked open a beer or two and just relaxed looking up at the sky which was easy because my Jeep top was down. 
In the distance a jogger was running by and I wanted to get a good look at her and remembered my binoculars in the back that I keep on the floor. I use them to look at ships on the deleware river when I park there and crack open a few beers. I looked at her, and then looked at a car or two driving by and then looked up at some airplanes making there way to the Philly airport. 
I had another beer and then took the binoculars and looked up at some of the clouds and watched them for a moment or two...just relaxing and enjoying myself listening to some ambient music. Then I focused in on a large bird just hovering as they do in the wind stream and it was a perfect moment...and then I saw it. 

It just seemed so casual and natural, I only saw it for about 3 to 4 seconds but the split second I saw it I thought it was a bird like a seagull or something because it was white and (maybe) had a black part in the front. I'm not sure about that though. I instantly realized it was not a bird...it was round and it was moving fast. From my left to right. I followed it until it went behind a tree that was in front of me and I knew I would not be able to pick it up again on the other side of the tree because even if I did pick it up it would disappear instantly behind more trees.

It was pretty high in the air but it was not overhead. If you bent your head and looked straight up, and then lowered your head and looked at the horizon, it was about halfway...but just slightly closer to being straight up than horizon level. It was moving straight across...It was white...white like the white on space shuttles and old nasa rockets...exactly that white. I think there was black somewhere on it to (in the front?) but I really couldn't recall after I saw it. Even though it was rather small in my binoculars...I would estimate it's size to be somewhere between a very large beachball (the kind they hit around at concerts) and a volkeswagon bug. I doubt it was smaller than the beachball and doubt it was larger than the car. If I had to guess, I think it was closer to being almost as big as a car...but that's really a guess. 
It was traveling fast...really fast...but not faster than an airforce jet...probably as fast as a jet, but definetly not faster than one.

As soon as it happened I though...did I just see a drone? then instantly realized that I saw something that was either an experimental drone or aircraft...or something from another world. It didn't make sense to me that it would be something from the govt because if it malfunctioned and came crashing down, in a highly populated area like I live...it would have done some damage.
The day was sunny and the object was solid and very white...it didn't shine or reflect light...just very white. It would not have been possible to see it without binoculars.
