{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-17 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459123","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102393","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/123/mufon-5459123.json","updb_database_id":5459123}
{rjl} Two objects moved around each other in what appeared to be a perfect circle.

Date and time of incident: 10/17/2009 - 7:28 PM 
West Texas – near Lubbock (I have exact latitude/longitude of the well site)

Myself and two coworkers were starting a directional drilling job on a rig location in west Texas. My night hand came into the living quarters and asked if I would come outside and help identify what he and the directional drilling hand was currently seeing in the sky. The below mentioned is what we'd witnessed.

The object was glowing bright white. It looked much like a star though seemed to have mass. This is one of the characteristics that set the object apart and kept it from simply looking as a planet would (a bright star). The object appeared to be many miles away. For comparison, if a star appeared to be the size of a penny, the object would have been the size of a softball (or a bit larger). The object almost appeared as if it was not perfectly round, though, was difficult to know for sure since it was glowing brightly.

The object was positioned high in the sky roughly 30 to 40 degrees vertically from the northwest horizon and was not moving. The sun was down causing western horizon to glow orange. Though the sun was out of our line of sight, I'd felt the position of the sun relative to the object was most likely a straight line and could cause a bright reflection of light on the surface of something like a weather-balloon at high altitude. At that moment, I felt satisfied that what we were seeing was just that - a weather balloon.

Then, all of a sudden, things got really weird. A smaller, probe-like, "child" object (looked like a pin light in comparison) appeared from the bottom of the “parent” object and began moving downward vertically. It was like watching something out of Star Trek. Was difficult to tell how far the child object moved, but, the distance must have been a minimum of 1000 feet - was likely much more than that. If I had to guess, the child object may have dropped about a mile below the larger one – maybe more. The child object then stopped abruptly and started to get brighter until it matched the parent object's intensity.

The child object then moved in what appeared to my eyes to be a perfectly straight line back up and towards the parent object above (up the same path as when it descended). At the exact same time, the parent object began to drop and move in a straight line towards the child object. As they approached each other and were roughly a quarter of their initial total distance apart, the child object suddenly changed course and moved counter clockwise (to my right) around the parent object's position while the parent object simultaneously moved counter clockwise (to my left) around the child object. In other words, they approached each other in a vertical line and then moved around each other - each in a half circle. Once the parent and child objects were back at the vertical center line, both objects moved away from each other (the child up and the parent down) on that vertical line until finally stopping at the other's original position. In other words, the two objects traded positions. After remaining stationary for several minutes, each object began to fade and eventually disappeared. The parent object was the first to disappear and both objects were gone within minutes of each other.

Some additional important things to mention... the movement of the objects was precise. Each object moved at an equal and steady speed relative to the other - as if the objects were on a track while being controlled and coordinated. Each half-circle path the objects followed was as perfect as I could visually comprehend and together they definitely drew a circle - NOT an oval. This is important because years later I'd realized that combining the consistent and steady speed of the objects with their flight pattern (a circle instead of an oval) meant to me that the circle may have been intentionally facing our direction or, perhaps, the opposite direction. This realization makes me think our sighting may have been intended for us to see as the likelihood of witnessing a circular flight pattern face-on while also having a strange and rare UFO experience seems unlikely.
