{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512123","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/123/mufon-5512123.json","updb_database_id":5512123}
The orb made a sound like a broken powerline in our neighbours back yard. The orb descended and a 2nd orb became visible linked to the 1st orb by an arc of electricity. It shone a light into thehouses and then rose back up until it looked like a star.

I was asleep when I woke to hear my Mum shouting that there seemed to be a powerline down in the backyard. You could hear the crackle of electricity. The area had recently suffered severe flooding so this was of great concern to us and we went outside to investigate. We found our neighbour in his backyard with a camera taking photos of what appeared to be a large orblike object. It was orange-red in colour and we watched as it descended down to treetop level along the treeline between our two yards. He told us he had been woken by a light shining in his patio doors and when he saw the orb he came out with a camera.
As the orb got lower a second orb became visible behind the first orb. They were joined by an arc of electricity. The orb then began to rise up into the sky at great speed until it seemed to be up in a position beside the rising sun and appeared to look nothing more than a star like Venus. The sighting began in quite dark conditions but it was quite sunny by the time the orb left our view altogether. Mum and the neighbour stopped watching when it had gone back into the sky (NE) but I stayed watching it until about 6:50 am when I decided to run in quickly to grab a coffee. Admittedly it hadnt been doing anything more in that period then remaining stationary beside the sun trying to appear like an innocent star and by the time I got back outside it had gone. 
The neighbour had awesome digital photos of it but he only lived there for a short time and that day was the only day we actually spoke to him so unfortunately I was not able to get copies for myself.
