{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-04 22:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2895,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5526271.json","updb_database_id":5526271}
3 orange lights hovering over Shueyville, Iowa

I was driving south down Interstate 380 from Cedar Rapids towards exit 10 (Swisher/Shueyville exit). As I approached the rest stop from the North I noticed a Iowa State Trooper pulled over on the side of the road with his cherries on. As I drove past him, I looked in my rearview mirror and noted only his rear cherries were on as from the front, he only had parking lights on and not even headlights turned on. I just thought that was odd, it was as if he were watching something. So I instinctively scanned the skys and to my southeast, I saw several orange lights in the sky approximately over Shueyville. 

For a second I thought they must be on a cell tower or building but then I knew there were no towers or tall buildings in that area so I kept looking and that's when I noticed the lights were slowly changing position in relationship to each other. I also for a second thought maybe they were fireworks but as I kept driving South, the lights did not change intensity and did not fall to the ground. They did not blink and were just a light orange color.

By this time I was nearing my exit so I started up the exit ramp and pulled over on the side of the road. I tried to take a picture with my blackberry but the picture just turned out black - the camera was just not sensitive enough to pick out the orange lights. They had no shape as they were too far away but they did not appear to be at a very high altitude - maybe like the altitude of an airplane on appoach to an airport. I could not hear anything other than the sounds of I-380. There were at least 3 lights and they very slowly changing position in relationship with each other but other than that, did not appear to move in any specific direction relative to where I was parked. After about 2 more minutes of watching them, they just started faded, one at a time, until there was nothing left. 

I have lived in this area all of my life and have never seen flares dropped and there are no military bases nearby. That said, these may have been flares but I don't know why or who would drop flares around here and having never personally seen flares dropped, I have nothing to compare them to.

If anyone else saw these or knows what they were, please let me know. Very curious.
