{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-08 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3829,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5528271.json","updb_database_id":5528271}
Short sighting of object that changed shape

I let the dogs out, went outside and looked around. It was so low on the horizon over my neighbors two story I couldn't miss it when I looked that direction. I watched it slowly rise, and couldn't believe that this sighting blew away the one I had from Phoenix.

I was excited, since this one was really clear at first. The object was shaped with what I can only explain as it looked like a white dove. Similiar to various logo's you see of doves. It was glowing extremely brightly, and did not have a pulse factor to indicate it was a 'star' when it finally rised high enough up out of site. 

While rising, the (what I call) White Dove would rotate at approx 45 degrees at a time. Holding that direction for a shorter duration the faster it rised. As it got to half way to my sighting ability, it started to change shape to look more like a circle. Once it started going this shape, the Dove would appear less and less.

At one point I ran inside to get my camera, but the battery is dead. I grabbed my cell phone, which having such a low quality/zoom, you can't really make anything out. (3.2 megapixel). I tried running in after snapping a few picturephone photos of it, grabbing my old telescope. The viewfinder was not setup properly, and by the time I got it usable the object was gone.

Object was South of my location, which is the Northwest side of Houston. Mapping it, locate Beltway 8 and Gessner Road. From there it would be Southernly. 

I was up most of that evening, being that I continued to hear typical local sounds such as traffic, gunshots, kids racing loud cars, but my favorite was waking up and only hearing the sound of a helicopter. That's when I had realized, I've heard a lot of aircraft activity. I don't normally hear anything but the occasional one here and there after sundown. 

They were the larger, slower, cargo style aircraft. C130 maybe? Then the helicopters I can't say for sure, but they did NOT sound like a huey. I heard but couldn't find it a couple times, and the few times it had passed by I found it with a spotlight on. It was moving too high/fast to be a littlebird by local LEO, who I don't even think use or have. I thought that it made more sense that they left it on, and were not using it.

I am not sure if this high traffic volume of military aircraft has anything to do with this UFO. I found it important to say that in my opinion, it does not. There have been a few nights here and there where I've seen it before, though, usually they flyout Northeast in sometype of formation, and once the main group is gone, it's over. 

Only strange human flying object event I had, was that I heard a small plane. There is Hooks Airport near by for them, but I've never heard them at 4am. 

I was in and outside of the house a lot that night, hearing typical break-in warning sounds, and checking around the area with flashlight for Harris County Jail's next member. So for a lot of these human craft experience, I was outside and able to get a clear view around for it's location. 

I could not see the small craft, only hear.
