{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-02 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5525271.json","updb_database_id":5525271}
Shooting star UFO

One night at the beginning of March 2011 while I was at work at the local grocery store, I walked out to my car for my break. It was approximately 7:00pm EST. By 7pm in early March in Michigan, it is usually very dark already. As I walked to my car, I suddenly felt compelled to look up. When I looked up I saw a white starlike object appear. It didn't just appear all of a sudden; it seemed as if it was already flying fast then it slowed down to a halt and "turned on" sort of starlike aura around it. In other words, when I first saw it, it looked like it "jumped out of hyperspace". It floated slowly forward for several seconds then seemed to "take off". As it "took off", the starlike aura disappeared and it was gone. It flew low compared to most planes, but it was still high enough where I couldn't see any details of it other than a starlike appearance. The whole thing didn't last more than 5 seconds. It seemed to me that under the starlike aura there was some sort of craft, but it can turn off and on the aura which makes it look vaguely like a shooting star. I know it wasn't a shooting star though cause as the starlike appearance disappeared, I vaguely remember seeing the silhouette of the body of some sort of craft flying off very quickly. It was as if it turned off the starlike aura in order to fly off stealthily. From what I could tell, it wasn't huge, but it was maybe about the size of a large fighter jet. After I saw it, I wasn't sure how to feel. My first instinct was to be afraid, but as my adrenaline kicked in I began to tell myself "Wow, that was really amazing!". I kept quiet about the sighting for several days, then I shared my experience with close friends. I was never one to believe in UFO's, but after seeing this, I know don't find people who talk about them to be crazy like I used to.

About two more times I have seen things in the sky similar to this sighting. I only see this when I am in the Davison area where I first saw it. The second time I saw it, I was driving home from a movie with a friend in the car, and we both saw the same thing happen just over the treeline on the road. I cannot recall in detail the other time I saw it, but I definitely know I saw it at least one more time after my second sighting. I know that I am not crazy, because my friend was able to recount to me exactly the same thing I saw when I questioned him about what we saw in the car.

All three times, the sightings happened exactly the same. All three times, it happened in the area of Davison, MI. I even have a friend who was there for one of the sightings and saw exactly what I did.

I don't know what it was, but it was definitely not something you see every day. Whatever/whoever was the cause of this strange thing I saw; all I can tell you is that it happened, and I saw it.
