{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5529271.json","updb_database_id":5529271}
Sr. USAF Officer Son, age 15 walking down dark street with two others, all looking at the sky. Saw Exeter, NH UFO!

In 1965 I attended Berwick Academy, located in Berwick, Maine. 
On the evening of the 1Event1, I had sat in on a Seminar held at the Academy about 1Betty & Barney Hill!' Yes, the 'Hills' re: The 'heavily documented Close Encounter Of A Third Kind' 'Hills!' I would like to say that it was the 'Hills' who were the guest speakers but...alas, I can no longer recall. For many years, my recollection was that it was the 'Hills' who spoke of their encounter...however, I am no longer sure. It might have been some other guest speaking on the subject. 
Anyway, on with my story. Just prior to the Seminar being wrapped-up, myself & two (2) other students escaped the building in order to avoid the crowd. As a matter of note, I still recall the 1st & last name of one of my buddies and the 1st name of the other. As we walked down the faintly lit Berwick street looking up at the stars, we were expressing our 'wonder' in reference to the 'Hills' outrageous experience, as well as how cool it would be for there to really be other intelligent beings 'out there' & how neat it would be to see somethi...AND THEN WE SAW IT!!! 
Off to the South, at perhaps a 45degree angle we saw a reddish-orange oval/football shaped light about the (apparent) size of the Lincoln Memorial (as immortalized on the U.S. Penny) when held at arms length. This was not an Earthly device! 
Now understand...my Father was a very high-ranking USAF Officer and I had been around aircraft for most of my (albeit) young life. I knew 'air vehicles' fairly well and this one spotted, was only familiar considering the Seminar that my friends and I had just attended! 
I thought that I knew what it was...but it just seemed too much of a bizarre coincidence. The object seemed to hold its position as we approached our Dorm-House. I sent one friend into our Dorm to get his camera & convinced the other to call a local Air force Base (Pease?). I was extremely excited as one might imagine and DID NOT avert my gaze from this object for even a micro-second while my friends were gone. The object 
appeared to be still holding it's position as my friend with his camera bounded out of our Dorm. Just before he turned around, I witnessed this object exhibit a few 'minute' dynamics and then it just zipped, blurred, vanished from my sight. My buddy was devastated. A moment later, my friend who said he was going to call an Air Force Base came back out & said that whomever he had spoken to told him that as far as he knew, there was nothing unusual out there...he too was of course, devastated!
So, what could I do? My Father was very strict & a hardcore USAF Officer & Patriot. He & I didn't seem to communicate very well. What is one to do? Tell everyone and risk trouble from 'Dad' and/or risk razzing from one's peers, subordinates & superiors? Gaining a rep for being a bit 'off?' Well, Dad took care of a lot of that...he pulled me out of school prior to my graduation from the 9th grade and within a couple months, the entire family moved to Europe. Hummmm... Long story short: I mentioned this event fairly seldom over the ensuing years because, what are ya gonna do? Who's going to really listen? Life goes on. I had things to do over in Europe at the ages 0f 15-22, yes? Well, 20yrs after the 'event' (almost an exact 20 yr Anniversary date of my sighting), a Know-it-all friend of mine casually mentions that there had been a Mass-UFO sighting in the Exeter New Hampshire area back in 1965 or '66 and that it was documented. He then informed me that Exeter New Hampshire is about 30 miles from Berwick Maine. Oh my God! I can't describe what my brain began doing at that moment. THERE IS A BIT MORE TO THIS ACCOUNT BUT TIME DOES NOT PERMIT!
