{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5481271.json","updb_database_id":5481271}
Large Triangular craft too fast to be helicopter or airship, had very bright flashing lights

I was driving to work on the M6 motorway at approx. 6am when I noticed in the distance directly in front of me a very bright light that appeared to be changed from red-white-green. At first I thought it must be a helicopter as it appears to be hovering.

As I approached it I then realised its sheer size, it was huge! It then started to head off to the east (I was travelling north bound), by the time I had no explanation for what I was seeing it had already started to go off into the distance and started to fall behind the tree line.

I did get a video on my phone but it is really terrible and doesn't give it any justice. I did however ring my girlfriend in shock and told her what I saw, she looked out of her bedroom window which is miles away and could see this very bright changing light in the sky.

When I had approached it I was fully expecting to recognise what it was as I have served in the RAF and worked on planes for years in fact I still build them now working for a defence company, so I feel it is important to get across that I know what I saw and what I saw was no UAV, airship, helicopter or fixed winged aircraft.

From the layout of the lights it was a huge triangle which if I had to say what colour it was I would say black, the lights where conventional in that they were red-green-white however the colour would alternate from side to side, which is against aviation standards, usually red on white and green on left etc.

When it happened I felt an overwhelming dissatisfaction in life because I know what I seen was amazing and definitely not a known craft, but I also know I am never going to get any answers and that really gets to me.

Something else which struck me as odd is that it's flight path wasn't just in a nice straight baring it flew east over the horizon and then a few minutes later I could see that it had started flying west in my rear view mirror.

This was last year now and I had just let it go but last Saturday it actually flew over my house. My girlfriend got out of bed as it was making a low grumbling noise as it went past, she got me to look at it and I said "thats it again".

As again the description is exactly the same, when I seen it, it had flew northbound over my house and had started to bank left a whole 270 degrees to then head east. It flew literally right over my garden a lot lower than any other plane and again the flight path was very odd in that it was flying north then turned to head east, but turned left and banked all the way round, and again why is it suddenly making such a tight turn over my house. No other aircraft (which I see on an hourly basis) ever flies over my house from south to north and they most certainly never turn around.

We ran to the front of my house and continued to watch it fly east for miles until it then turned and flew west towards Liverpool and disappeared.

It annoys me because it definitely isn't a normal aircraft in fact one flew over almost 10 minutes after we got in bed (heading on the usual flight path) we shot up and within half a second both of us identified it as a normal passenger plane.

I would say it also isn't going to be a top secret project, this is because the company I work for are building a UAV called Taranis which you can see on google, yet despite this they still ship it to Australia to do flight tests, they most certainly would not ever fly over a town in the middle of Liverpool and Manchester at about 11.30pm on a Saturday night, at about 100ft off the ground with all lights flashing and doing crazy banked turns seemingly heading nowhere.
