{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55685","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5503271.json","updb_database_id":5503271}
{rjl} An orange orb that reacted to me very aggressively.

I had just shown up home from running down to the convenient store to grab some things.When i entered my backyard to get inside an orange orb came up from behind the trees.

(Ascended from 10ft off the ground to 30 ft in air. around 50 ft away flying out from behind the trees like it was waiting.)

Its gaining altitude. Moving in an aerial manner, almost arch-like, at me. The first several seconds i look at it, its amazing, immediately knowing this was unlike anything i had ever seen before. Then I realize its gaining speed and descending straight towards my direction. I became extremely panicked and bolted inside at a "Run for your life" speed.

Upon entering my home my family was playing around with each other,obviously oblivious to was i had just experienced. But i felt so shaken up i just tried to say nothing and alarm no one. Because i felt as though if anyone looked out with curiosity something very bad was going to happen. After about 10 minutes inside I'm telling myself "its gone" why would it stick around. I felt like the orb had left and enough time went by that an object moving at that speed would be at least several miles away by now. 

(roughly 15 minutes later)

Me and my girlfriend at the time, went downstairs to my room. I couldn't handle not telling her so i did. She without a second thought ran over to the window. Im talking her away from it. "babe please! Come on its gone, exc." but she was already looking out the window.
I stood on the far side of the room saying "Katie? Katie, whats up?" i walk over and peered out behind her shoulder and there it was the orb. Hovering on the other side of the lake, 400 ft or less. Almost the instant it saw me it shot towards me at a speed i have never seen.

I have no memories after that besides a mental snapshot of jumping or something into my bathroom with both feet in the air as though i was literally jumping away from the orb.
Then me and her wake up the next day as though nothing had ever happened.

Over the next month or so i would steadily regain memory of that event, although that block of missing time remains just that, and i have NO memory of anything after it shooting towards me.

(It was at a completely different direction than where it was originally. I originally saw it east, moving west, towards my position. Now it was 500 or so ft. south, moving north, towards my position.)
