{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-03-05 01:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5484271.json","updb_database_id":5484271}
{dr} it's such a long story but now this entity is showing up in my pictures alot.. there's orbs,l,shadow people a reptile type being.... ..

this is a story that goes back years.it's starts when I was about 8 I woke up in my aunt's house and the electronics were going crazy a little human type figure but it was see thru just walked around my bed it created like trials or ripples as it walked then it just dissapeared.I began suffering from sleep paralysis and was having dreams of places I'd never been but started researching these places and they exsisted..then I was having note made and starting becoming very psychic.. it was horrible time in my life I could feel things what ppl felt what they were thinking..then I started seeing shadows robs and light type water beings anywhere I love these days.. I'm constantly experiencing paranormal activity no matter what home I love in.. now when I take pictures of myself you can actually see a face of something else over my face..I've gotten several pictures of entity.cause I can see them with my eyes and in my periphery so I've started snapping pictures of them.. the one is always with me.. his name is ebboth..he's the one in the picture I sent you.he'll even speak thru my tv,speakers etc.. I've had Ariel pictures of me taking on my phone of me when I've been sleeping and they just seem to imprint themselves on my phone.. there's a lot more..I just wanna know at this point cause it's getting really outta control.my toaster oven which is huge flew off my kitchen counter and landing in the middle of the floor..they,he,it have never hurt me I'm scared during sleep paralysis and get some dull numbing drilling pain in my back a bit.. guess it's just scary.. and then also anytime I take picture myself if my eyes are closed in the pictures you'll see other eyes over them..and also I experience giant blue brute like whit/ blue so brite flashes sometimes in my room or places and they just so brute with no explanation cause nothing could make such a brite flash.here's one picture..
