{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-28 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76656","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2491,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5483271.json","updb_database_id":5483271}
{dr}Formation of Several Objects Acending into Storm Clouds

I was following behind my parents driving my own car. We were traveling west just outside of Sublette KS. Dad abruptly pulled over onto a dirt road. I followed and stopped beside them. Dad said he heard law enforcement talk about lights seen directly above them on a fireman's belt radio.

When i stopped beside them i was told to look in the direction of the lights. At first I didn't see anything... until i turned my gaze some to the left.

Mom, dad and I got out of our vehicles and observed these lights for about 2 minutes.

I observed 7 to 10 objects slowly acsending into the trailing clouds of a moderate rain storm. Each object was approximately 2 miles away from us. The objects appeared to have more mass than just a "light" in the sky. I remember clearly that each object seemed to consist of two individual lights... These lights had a star-like lens flare effect surrounding them. The objects had a fuzzy appearance as well... presumably from their lights.

I can argure that these objects were flying in formation... a very tight formation. They were traveling at a constant speed up into the clouds. They were not helicopters or aircraft. I would have heard a slight rumble of sound if they were... especially if several helicopters or aircraft were actually flying.

All the objects were flying what seemed to be under 100 mph. Some of the objects changed flight directions up or down in relation to their neighbors... but all the objects had a general upward course.

These UFOs were not aircraft as the general public knows them. This is because each did not have the standard blinking navigation lights that all aircraft do. These UFOs that were flying in tight formation had constant, un-blinking lights.

We stood there until the last of the UFOs lazily disappeared into a thick cloud from a passing storm.
