{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475271","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/271/mufon-5475271.json","updb_database_id":5475271}
UFO sighting in India 17 years ago

Hi,

I would like to narrate what I experienced when I was in the 8th grade. Since it has been a long time since the event took place, I can1t remember the exact date, but this happened sometime around April/May, 2000.

Four of my friends and I were lying on our mattresses on the terrace of our building, chatting and looking at the stars. There were no clouds in the night sky. It was around 2:00 AM. Most of our neighbors were sleeping at that time. Our summer holiday was in progress, and that1s why we were not worried about sleeping early. We didn1t have to go to school the next day.

In front of our building there was an open ground where we regularly played cricket, a popular sport in India. There was a well somewhere near the middle of the ground. The well was always filled with water. On that particular night, the level of water in the well was approximately 6 feet below ground level. There were some bushes around the well.

That night, while my friends and I were chatting, we suddenly saw a flash of bright, white light 50 to 60 feet above the level of our terrace. It was a three-story building. We immediately got up and ran toward the edge of the terrace to see what1s going on. We were stunned by what we saw! A glowing spacecraft was slowly and vertically lowering itself directly above the well until it came to a halt on the ground, positioned exactly above the well. The spacecraft was a partially-flattened oval in shape. The door of the spacecraft flapped open vertically downward until the top of the door rested on the ground. Immensely intense white light emanated from the interior of the spacecraft when the door opened. 5 or 6 adult-sized, humanoid figures in spacesuits ran out from the craft with torches in their hands. The beam of light projecting from each torch was very bright and white, and had a laser-like appearance. The 1aliens1 searched around the ground near the well for 7 or 8 seconds with their torches, and then ran back inside the craft. Then, the door of the spacecraft shut instantly and the vehicle slowly rose upward for about 100 feet, and disappeared from sight. My friends and I were left spellbound. The whole event lasted about 15 to 20 seconds.

The next day, my friends and I went to the spot where the spacecraft had landed to search for any evidence of the event, but there were no footprints or objects left behind as proof. Some neighbors talked of some kind of 1big lightning1, but they had no clue of what really happened. None of them had seen what my friends and I had seen.

At the time this event took place, I was very ignorant about any of this sci-fi stuff, including intelligent extra-terrestrials or spaceships, or even basic astronomy. My friends and I kept talking about the event for nearly a month after it happened, often inquiring from each other if we really saw what we saw, and each time we had these discussions I was reassured that it did really happen. It was not just a figment of my imagination. With the passage of time, this event faded from my memory, until a few days ago when a colleague of mine mentioned his interest in aliens. We happened to generally be talking about are topics of interest during a coffee break. I told him about my real-life story and he was pretty astonished to hear it. He was the one who mentioned your organization, MUFON, to me, and so I decided to share my story with you.
