{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-22 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5518629.json","updb_database_id":5518629}
Saw shining hovering disc-like craft. Its edges blurred and sharpened. The object faded out and disappeared.

I was driving south on Tenth Street between Highway 107 and Trenton in McAllen, Texas on May 22, 2012 at 6 or 630 pm. I saw a bright, white stationary object hovering to the east. I thought it was an airplane or perhaps a surveillance drone--here on the border with Mexico, there are a lot of odd aircraft. I have seen blimps and high altitude helicopters (at night), but this was different. It reflected the setting sunlight (still fairly bright and white at the time) but also glowed and alternately sharpened and slightly blurred in appearance. The day was dry and clear, no clouds. I was only able to watch the event out my car window. My wife also saw the object and was disturbed by its appearance as something not easily explainable. I pulled off the road to get a better look across an open field, stopping at a cosmetology school parking lot. By that time, the object had disappeared. The last look I had of it, it appeared to be shrinking in size and decreasing in size and brightness. This sounds like an aircraft moving into the distance, but the object did not move. I have observed aircraft on a straight line also appearing to hover, but this object did not look like an aircraft. I would say it was some kind of large drone-like object (maybe 50 feet in length), but the odd blurring of its surface edges, followed by a glowing and then sharpening of its outlines, was very odd. So there you are. Im wondering if anyone else saw it. It was very distinct and very bright and then it disappeared. There is a video on YouTube of a similar object spotted just south of where I was in 2010. The video is unclear and really could be anything, but Im pretty sure if I had been able to make a video of the object I saw with the same equipment, it would have looked something like the image captured by this McAllen resident. Go to youtube, McAllen UFO.  

My feeling after viewing this was that I could not explain what it was. I am a skywatcher, and I have seen one other UFO many years prior, at night over water, so I guess I am prone to looking for such objects. Still, to me, it was an unidentified flying object, and id like to know what it was.
