{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-08 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29047","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5526629.json","updb_database_id":5526629}
Shape-Shifting UFO hovers over Northern Dallas

My wife, 2-1/2 year old daughter, and I were in our driveway washing our dog around 7PM local time on Mother's Day. My daughter gets excited about birds and airplanes in the sky, so when we were looking at a passing commercial jetliner in a nearly cloudless sky I noticed an object considerably higher up in the atmosphere than what an airplane would fly. The object was visible to the naked eye as a brightly shimmering sphere, and appeared just to the east of our house. It was traveling at a rate of speed that was much slower than what a commercial airplane would travel, but faster than what a satellite would travel as it orbits the earth. In fact, a crescent moon was present just to the west of the house, giving me a point of reference to determine if what I was seeing was a satellite orbiting the earth, or if it was something else. Typically, satellites do not have self-propulsion and cannot slow to a stop, as this object did. 

I asked my wife to look at the object with me and she was able to locate it in the sky easily. It was traveling quite slowly and, after watching it for about 10 or 15 minutes, it ultimately stopped and hovered almost directly overhead. We were both excited about seeing the object, but I wanted a closer look. I asked my wife to retrieve our binoculars so that we could try and get a better look at the object. With the binoculars we both were able to determine that the object was no airplane, and that it was not a satellite. I could not determine whether the silvery-white light emitting from the object was a reflection of the sun shining on it, or if it was coming from the object itself. Because of its brightness, I believe it was emitting its own light. In order to get a better look at the object through the binoculars I sat in a lounge chair and rested my head on it. This helped to "steady" the binoculars to get a better look.

The object appeared to change shapes and/or split into as many as three separate objects, each with its own light. It pulsed, expanded, and contracted as it changed shape and split. After splitting it quickly reformed back into one object. There seemed to be no pattern as it split into two or three separate objects and then reformed back into one. I watched the object(s) for almost one hour. 

At around 8PM a young couple had come to our house to meet our dog (we are looking for someone to adopt her, as we are moving out of state soon), and I lost sight of the UFO. Approximately 30 minutes later the couple had left and I tried to locate the UFO again. Unfortunately, clouds began to roll in from the west and I was unable to locate it.
