{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-11-11 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5456629.json","updb_database_id":5456629}
{jpg} Saw one ship drop off two others

I had just got off work and drove to the beach to have a beer and fill out a time card and I saw a white light of a plane on the other side of Monterey Bay. I was just going to look down to start writing when it started to climb at about a 15 degree angle. I thought that was straight so it had my attention. Soon afterwards it dropped what I thought was a red flare so it now had my full attention. But after falling a short distance it started to fly straight and level. So I got out of my truck and it soon afterwards droped another red light and it did the same thing. The first one flew back towards Monterey and the second one started to flew towards Santa Cruz to where I was. When I wondered where the first one, mother ship, was I looked up towards the west in the same direction it was headed when I first saw it. It was gone and there was a HUGE circle of smoke. But not in a smoke ring. The smoke was the shape like the flame of a candle. And there were about 12 like the hands of a clock. If I held my arm up and made a fist the smoke ring was that big. And it was on the other side of the bay.
It must have disappeared in a flash. But made no sound. The first red light disappered over Monterey and the second one came right towards me. In about 15 minutes it was where I was in Santa Cruz and it went right over my head at about 1,000 feet. and it was moving slow at about 15 mph. There was a white light on the front end and a port and starbord lights. Red and green. But no sound at all I couldn't see the shape of it because it was a dust time. There weren't any waves, no road noise of cars no fog it was crystal clear and I stood there pointing to it fly over hoping that someone would have seen me so they could have seen it. That was the forth time I had seen a light like that. The first 3 times and friend was with me and it happened about 3/4 of a mile form where we saw the first ones. And it had come scross the bay slowly and climbed and dropped and moved side to side that's why we had seen it across the bay because it moved stragely and stopped several times. We didn't say it was aalien but we knew it wasn't a helocopter or a airplane. So we didn't know what to think. I told several friends and brothers but I don't know if they believed me or not. so I didn't push it much. I'm telling you now becuase I'm seeing a lot of the UFO TV shows but haven't seen any that have dropped off another one like this one did. And after seeing the fourth one I was wondering if the first ones we saw were from another ship. Call me if you'd like to talk. I'm not looking for attention or any thing and I don't make up things or lie. And this was 1980 so no pictures I wish I did.
