{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-12 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5488629.json","updb_database_id":5488629}
I tried to catch the sunrise with my camera. I made test shoots a few mins before of the exact time. I cathed this one on one of the pics.

Hello,

First of all I apologize for my poor English.
I found the attached picture in our family album, I already forgot about it.

We've been on holiday in Corfu, Greece at this time. A day before of our last day I tried to catch the sunrise with my camera from the hotel's room's lodge, so I made some test photos to make sure, that I can make the best picture when it's time. I used the automatic and multi-shot mode. In this mode the camera makes 5 pics in total, with 0,5 sec delay between the shots.
Our hotel was located only 200 meters from the seaside.

So I pushed the button... And like others in many other cases I did not see anything in the air. But at home on my laptop I recognized the semi-transparent object on the left hand side of the picture. It cannot be a bird, a plane,a planet, a balloon or any known object, because I believe that we do not produce that kind of semi-transparent (air)vehicle. The object was seen only on one picture out of 5. The streetlights were off already and the Sun was still under the horizon. On the top of the picture As additional info, which can help you for a better location, the Venus shines on the top of the picture, and the land can bee seen in distance is the border zone between Greece and Albania.

There is also a kind of trail can be seen behind the (air? space?)craft, but I think it is not smoke or heat, but a kind of energytrail.
The object did not make any noise and it wasn't visible for the naked eye.

At the moment I recognized the object on the picture I wasn't shocked, as this is not my first experience with UFOs. This case just strenghtened my faith, that of course we are not alone in this giant Universe.
