{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-04 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74099","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5485629.json","updb_database_id":5485629}
{jpg} Black Triangle shaped UFO

I was driving south bound on U.S. Hi-way 27. The sun had just set not that long before the sighting happened.I first saw a solid light in the sky descending, me first thought was that it was a plane landing since there is an airport not but 5 miles away from the hi-way. But I kept observing the light and realized that it was still descending but it had shifted coarse from the air port. 

At that point I was starting to feel a little worried. I thought maybe something was wrong with the plane? But just a few seconds later I realized this wasn't a plane at all. For a brief moment I thought it could be a helicopter, until this thing went right over the road and stopped quickly over a nearby tree line. Now I know this is going to sound funny but I thought "what would Fox Mulder do?" 

So I pulled over in a near by median,got out of my car and immediately noticed it was a triangle shaped UFO! My jaw dropped and hit the floor. This thing was just hovering over a tree line right next to a busy Hi-way! To my amazement I witnessed no other cars slowing down or stopping to observe this incredible moment. It had RED and WHITE lights on the bottom and sides of the craft. The Red was blinking no different than you would see on a chopper or plane but the white lights, they seemed to 'pulse' in and out. 

The UFO continued to just hover there for a moment but it started moving again and it crossed the road again, It actually almost went right over me! That's when I started to get a little panicked. But I kept my cool because to be honest it was more intriguing than frightening. I try to keep a sense of wonder about the unknown or just science in general rather than fear it. So the craft started moving in a zig-zag pattern down the Hi-way.I got back in my car and started following it but it picked up too much speed and altitude to continue pursuing it.

I hope that someone reads this and can contact me about it. This is the first time I've ever reported this sighting and would like some answers. And if you were wondering, no It didn't affect my car or me, nor did I experience a loss of time or contacted by any men in black. It is just something I feel fortunate enough to have witnessed.
