{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-22 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5527629.json","updb_database_id":5527629}
Strange light display and manuvers - several hundred feet above tree tops

On Tuesday Febuary 22nd at 8pm I was watching a documentary on Netflix with my wife when I looked to my left out my living room window and noticed a flashing bright red light low on the horizon about 2 miles away over the northern part of the Devil1s Den area on the Weston/Redding border. The Devil's Den preserve is a 1700 acre preserve that abuts several thousand acres of woods owned by the water company and the state of CT. It has no roads thru it and it is closed to the public at sunset. There were also several feet of snow and ice on the ground and it was around 20 degrees outside, so I doubt any hikers would be there during this time. The flashing light was just above the tree tops and unusually bright, much brighter than any airplane lights, it was flashing and drifting very slowly to the north. 

I took out my binoculars and while looking at it noticed two things. 1)It was actually several red and white lights flashing close together, very bright and had an L.E.D. quality to the light that was unnaturally pure and bright. 2)There was also a smaller orange, glowing, perfectly round object much dimmer (the color was similar to a setting sun but much smaller. Just a dot) that was pulsing in concert with the much brighter red and white lights below it. It appeared as if the orange dot was pulsing in communication with the lights below it. This small orange ball was a separate object judging from the distance above and off to the side of the red/white object. (1000 ft?)

I went outside on my deck to view it and get a better look.
After observing this thru the binoculars for several minutes the red and white lights separated into two distinct larger objects. One red and one white. These two objects flew around each other doing what seemed to be impossible maneuvering at an extremely high rate of speed over a very small area. Almost like two huge laser beam points dancing in concert together. The red and white objects were traveling so rapidly in close proximity to each other that they appeared at times as one red and one white streak of light "dancing" together creating pretzel like shapes. I could tell that this was not created by me moving the binoculars because the whole time, the orange dot was observed steady and unmoving in the same filed of vision. The orange ball was not making any noticable movement but kept its relationship steady above the slow drifting red/white display going on below it. 

After observing this for about 5 minutes all three objects slowly drifted below the horizon behind the tree tops. they either went lower or drifted further away past the horrizon. I continued to look in the direction with my binoculars for about an hour but saw nothing else out of the ordinary. 

I submitted a report to the NUFORC website and to my amazement someone from Redding reported seeing a double triangle shaped object with red and white lights fly low over their house on that same day. Both reports were not posted on the NUFORC website until the following day, so neither one of us could have known about the other until after both were submitted to NUFORC.

After looking the next day during daylight at the point that this was observed on the horizon and compairing it to a map this puts the event at the following latitude and longitude - 41.264259,-73.39159. On Tuesday Febuary 22nd at 8pm local time.
