{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5548629.json","updb_database_id":5548629}
lights moving around a field impossibly fast, like recent ones in Texas but 37 years ago

Our house was in a very rural area on a hill 10 miles south of Ironton and Arcadia, Missouri, on Hwy E. It overlooked the road and a large flat field (larger than a football field and similarly shaped) across the road. One night when I was 9 or 10 years old I was looking out the window and saw two lights in the field. At first I thought people must be out there with lanterns on foot because the lights were moving a bit and were close to the ground. I watched them because I had never seen anyone in that field before, not even during the day. They started to move (independently) and I thought they were headlights of motorcycles. But then they moved impossibly fast all the way to the other side of the field. I think they were joined by a third and possibly fourth light. They seemed to be checking out the field and the perimeter of it. I believe they stayed close to the ground the entire time.

Their speed is why I remember this at all, because I couldn't understand what could possibly move that fast, especially since there were no roads there or anything.

I went to get my parents to come see, but when we got back to the window, they were gone.

I don't remember the time of year or exact time of night, but we only lived there less than a year I think. We moved out on April 1, 1970. We sold the 75 acre property later that year. I don't remember the address exactly, but you could find out by town records or I could probably find it.

When I heard last week about the sightings in Texas, I was struck by the similarities.

The lights I saw were bright, white or yellowish-white lights, each like a single car headlight, though now that I think about it, from my vantage point it was hard to tell how big they were. They could have been bigger, but not a lot bigger.
