{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-11-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68952","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5490629.json","updb_database_id":5490629}
4 orbs (3 brillint red, 1 white) performing apparent orchestrated arial maneuvers while interacting with each other,after a period of time the 3 reds merged with the white and all disappeared from sight

I had turned off the tv and was turning out the lights in preparation for going to bed at about 9:30 pm in my waterfront home of the time. Passing a window I happened to glance out on a clear night and immediately noticed three unusually bright,iridescent orbs in motion. At first I thought they were the port lights of passing fishing vessels but then realized they were travelling the wrong direction (from my left to right) which meant they could not be ship lights. All three orbs seemed to be performing what appeared to be orchestrated movements at times climbing in altitude and at others spiraling downward toward the ocean, DEFINATELY INTERACTING WITH EACH OTHER. Some of their movements were instant directional changes so severe as to 'boggle the mind. As I had served 5 years with the RCAF and later another 8 1/2 years with then TCA (now Air Canada) I believe I have a fair idea of the capabilities of known military and civilian aircraft. The radical behavioral antics of these orbs far exceeded any intelligently operated aircraft of my knowledge. I continued watching them until a 'like-sized' white orb suddenly appeared and appeared to 'herd' the three reds into itself...then all four simply disappeared in an instant. I stayed for a time staring out into the night but they never reappeared.

LATER THAT NIGHT I WOKE TO USE THE BATHROOM AND PUT MORE WOOD IN THE FIREPLACE AND WHEN I BENT TO OPEN THE FIREPLACE DOOR I EXPEREINCED A HEAVY NOSE-BLEED. SOMETHING I DON'T EVER REMEMBER HAVING EXPERIENCED EITHER BEFORE OR SINCE.

My feelings at the time of this event went from initial curiosity to increased excitement at the possibilities of what I was witnessing. At no time can I recollect having any fear or concerns of any kind.
