{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-07 14:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5291629.json","updb_database_id":5291629}
Tic tac shape vehicle flying in at high rate of speed while filming a bird in super slow motion, on Venice Pier in Florida

I was on vacation in Florida around Venice Beach. The weather was beautiful I was filming birds on the pier taking off and capturing them in super slow motion with my Galaxy S10 plus. I was basically just sightseeing and trying to capture some really beautiful photography because that area is beautiful. About a year later I was going through my videos and checking them over and I noticed at one point there was a black dot that appeared and disappeared above the bird on the left side. Upon further inspection I was completely surprised to see what is actually captured in super slow motion and actually at regular speed as well. When you use super slow motion in the camera mode on the Galaxy S10 plus, it always starts out full speed after about a second and then it goes into super slow motion. when the craft came in from the far right far away zoomed in at normal speed for one second you can't really see it with a naked eye. But if you freeze a frame and zoom in you can see that it's been captured many times because the camera obviously takes multiple pictures per second. so then when the camera switched to super slow motion almost exactly at that instant, this thing cut right and then the in super slow motion it started to blur away. That is very interesting because when it went to super slow motion it was taking off in slow motion but blurring away which means it must be traveling at such a high rate of speed that it's hard for me to calculate. Anyways I have the video posted at RSGiving on YouTube for anybody that would like to see it. The video is copywritten and the rights were given to my son. I haven't yet scoured anymore of my slow motion videos that I took in Florida over the course of two weeks, but now I'm kind of interested in seeing if I caught anything else. I took a lot of 360 degree video footage with my gear 360 as well. But I did not have it set up and running when I took a picture of this one bird. I was using my Galaxy S10 plus. There's a lot of naysayers out there and I guess that's to be accepted. It's not doctored or anything like that it's simply is what it is. But it is fascinating when you really investigate the clip and look at it close up.
