{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-19 21:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5453629.json","updb_database_id":5453629}
Bright white shape above house streaked SW to SE

Apr 19, 2020. Approx. 9:20-9:45 pm -two types of sightings in same block of time. Adult son was looking at the stars on this mostly clear night. No moon visible. He observed multiple star-sized crafts (around 7 or 8 in total) moving in straight line one after the other in close proximity travelling in north sky from west to east. Some maintained equal distance of approx 2-finger widths. Others the distance between increased over time. Checked satellite app and nothing seen for this location and time. He called my cell to come out. His adult bro and i saw what he could see for 10+ minutes.

In same time period, my son then surveyed west and south-west sky 
Saw a dark, not-well-defined or fully materialized craft around the size of a dime held at arms length, roughly triangular. It was travelling from above our house at a height several hundred feet but lower than scattered clouds, toward the neighbour to the west. Was moving south-west toward Burnaby Dr. He said, "What thd hell is that? Craft seemed to dematerialise just as he said that. Simultaneously, I then looked south and saw a pure white light streak partially across the sky after it cleared our roofline, moving at very high speed travelling west to east. It disappeared after 1 second. Leading part of the craft deemed to be more of a rhombus shape than an orb and left a white visual flash streak. Its size was about 5x5 mm at arms length. Much bigger than a star and much closer. A few hundred feet in altitude and much lower than scattered clouds. No clouds were obstructing our view. Wonderful sights, a joy to think about the beings inside. No fear at all. Pure wonder and welcoming feelings. Hope they come back.
