{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-01 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292629","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/629/mufon-5292629.json","updb_database_id":5292629}
During practicing meditation I felt like I was told or had an urge to go outfront, so I just walked out to the edge of my driveway and there it was.

First of all I'm not really sure why I thought to just walk out front. I never really go out there to much, mostly our back porch. Once I went outside and saw the objects, there were 3. 1 was really close and bright shimmering white light like a really close star the other 2 were either much smaller or further away. The weirdest part is I thought to it can you see me? and the craft moved up and down I kid you not. I than really began to freak out as I watch a lot of tv about ufos and anything I can find really and I have seen so many interviews and all I could think about was its really late / early am if I went missing no one would know I'm all alone out here. I quickly became a bit hesitant and ran inside to find some sort of protection. I settled on a pocket knife to make me feel a little more secure as dumb as that sounds. Anyhow at this point I'm pacing around my driveway wondering if this is a UFO, a prank, a military vessel. If its a UFO can they hear my thoughts? So I began to try and project thoughts. I felt a kind of peace and a kind of curiosity at first. Than suddenly I got a huge rush of fear again, this time I really freaked out and calmly walked back to my front door where I decided to sit on the step and just watch my yard for a few minutes while I gather my thoughts. (secretly thinking to myself are aliens about to land in my yard) So now my mind is going all over the place and I decide to go check on my wife and kids in doing so both my dogs were acting super strangely in the living room like they had something cornered and running back and forth along the far wall of my house. We have been know to get a mouse from time to time so that could mean absolutely nothing. But it was definitely strange for the moment at hand none the less and it also had me additionally panicked. To be perfectly honest I feel like some sort of communication was being done with me and that I literally somehow made contact with something and I was in fact trying to in my meditations. My wife thinks I'm crazy. All I can tell you is that if I'm right there is no language its literally like feelings and emotions and very very very overwhelming to try and understand it. I feel like if I look for it and meditate again and call them during my meditation again I may be able to next time have the sense to record it. I'm going to try and do it again. I think I found a galactic telephone in my minds eye if you will, I'm not sure how else to explain it all I can tell you is I am now even more aggressively researching this phenomenon. Secretly I've always wanted this to happen to me. The first time I saw UFO's they were orange and best I can describe playing a game of tag in the sky above my house but really high in the sky I mean like to the very edge almost to the stars. These craft I just saw were white and sat mostly still moving only occasionally with very small movements but very noticeable as the were often up than down or left than right. After about maybe 25-20 minutes I went inside and came out a couple more times and the craft was still there and still moving occasionally up or down or to the left or right so you could tell it was not a star. It seemed to do that deliberately. There were some neighbors I do not know also standing down the street watching the phenomenon. They seemed just as excited and tense as me. I decided about an hour or so after spotting it to just go inside and try to go to sleep and that the next day I would find some logical explanation. The next night I went out to look in that spot of the sky. There is not even one star in that section of the sky that's barely visible. Once I saw this I knew I wasn't crazy. I don't know what all this means but I hope its a good and peaceful thing as that is what I would like to believe. If anyone has any questions feel free to call me. I'm a business owner, I'm not crazy this really happened.
