{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-07 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47264","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5511110.json","updb_database_id":5511110}
{cak} If I could put it in a few words, it would be-HOLLY S**T MOM, AN ALIEN INVASION!!!

My mother called me on her way home from work in Pleasanton. She said she was driving down Foothill road by Stoneridge mall, when suddenly a strange craft came swooping down from over the hills traveling west to east. She said it had strange blinking lights and passed by quite close. I asked her what was so different about it. She said it was a UFO. I asked her what it looked like, what shape was it? She could not quite say, (which I thought a bit lame). She said she would call me from the grocery store. About 15 min. later, I was taking out the trash (at the above address). I glanced up looking EAST and saw a star that looked a bit odd. It was a dull orange-yellow. I lit a cigarette and continued to watch it. In about 10 seconds I realized it was not a star. In about 20 to 30 it was getting closer, maybe 5 blocks away and I realized it was not a jet or a plane. At the time it did not occur to me that, that was damn fast to go from star sized to aircraft size. When it was about 3 blocks away I thought it was a hellecoptor. At 2 1/2 blocks I thought it must be a government stealth chopper because of how quiet it was, (without a rotter sound). At 2 blocks I said: DAMN! Thats a weird blocky shape. Then, Its not a jet and IT HAS NO DAMN ROTTERS! At about 1 block east and 1 block south, maybe 300 feet high?, it cut left going south. Staring intently I tried to make out its shape. It looked as if it could maybe be 3 saucers in close formation for a couple of seconds, but then it looked like one object, silver on the sides and black in the middle. I also saw blinking lights colored red, blue and maybe green, orange-yellow? It passed from sight behind house rooftops.
  I had walked out to the street to see over the roof as it vanished in the distance. I had a feeling something else was still there. I looked up and saw 3 stars of the same dim orange-yellow. I thought the contrast of the grey clouds and fog rolling in from west to east may be why the color was odd. They were still as-well. But as I stared a minuet, just as suspected they began to slightly flutter. I thought I may be fooling myself, but a couple seconds later it was unmistakable! The damn star was hovering back and forth in short choppy jumps of the classic UFO anti-gravity pattern. I ran inside and grabbed my binoculars. 
  They were still there, far apart from each other. Two high and one lower. As I peered with my binoculars, as if to acknowledge my awareness of their presence they began to blatantly dance in turn. Then another low flying one came towards me from the south. The same one first seen? It came and went. I noticed yet more high altitude star looking craft hiding in the clouds and fog. With my addreneline rising ever higher I ran cursing to knock on my friend Curtiss door, without regard that it was almost 10:00 PM. He reluctantly came out casting a doubtful glance skyward. Again, as if to respond to our knowledge of its presence it began to dance like a butterfly. This quickly turned his doubts to belief as I pointed out half a dozen more to him. Then he even saw a low flying one with the blinking lights winding through the near distance. 
He wasnt effected as much as I was, but I saw more than him and know a damn anti-gravity UFO when I see one! We talked a minuet and he went in. My mother pulled up just after that and I pointed out about a dozen craft to her. At first she was not so sure I was right, but then saw the undeniable hovering back and forth. Then a low flyer more like a manta ray shape? with the colored lights came towards us from the west and she confirmed that was what she had seen. We watched quite a while as many low flyers wound around in the near and very far, far distance weaving through the ever growing clouds and fog-banks. I began to get more and more nerves. Why were there SO MANY FLYING SO LOW? COMING AND GOING THIS WAY AND THAT? As if they were LOOKING FOR SOMETHING? WINDING THROUGH THE FOG. MAKING THE FOG? OR DOING SOMETHING INDIRECTLY TO US? My mother phoned Pleasanton and San Ramon and found out they were there in number as well. 
It was then that wild thoughts of hundreds of UFOS dispersing toxic fog had me telling my mom we should leave for a while. But she did not want leave. So I actually called 911 and we both talked to them. I was quite surprised no one else had reported what had to be at least 20 strange low flying UFOS with blinking colored lights. But I had the dubious honor of being the first, only? LUNATIC to call. Well 911 was less suspicious when I handed the phone to my mother. I CURSED MY UNCHARGED AND WORTHLESS VIDEO DEVICES PROFUSELY!!!
