{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-04 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5502110.json","updb_database_id":5502110}
{dr}Photographed both Crab Eyes UFOs and Orbs

Having become bored with the Crab Eyes photos I've been capturing in the sky, I recently decided to lower my aim and start focusing a little closer to the horizon. I discovered that when I can catch a UFO just above some roof tops it tends to make the photo a bit more exciting, and also ads an element of context to the picture. I didn't get anything remarkable during my lunch hour last Wednesday, but I got some incredible photos during the bus ride home after work.

When taking photos I've been basically just shooting blind. In every case thus far I haven't seen anything other than the normal backdrop, whether it's the sky, clouds, or whatever. Then when I get home I download my latest pics and examine my catch, often using filters to make sure I haven't missed anything. Well as you'll be able to see, I didn't need filters to reveal these UFOs(except just to clarify a weak part of one photo).

Should also mention that last Monday I believe a Crab Eyes UFO eased up on me at a very low altitude, during the last few minutes of my lunch break, at around 12:30. Had been taking photos earlier, and had filled up the internal memory of my camera. After taking my camera back inside I saw I had enough time left for one more smoke. While having my last smoke, a narrow rectangular cloud came sliding along from the southwest and then stopped just short of being directly overhead. There was a lacy sort of cloud ceiling in the sky, at a much higher altitude, and it was barely moving. This rectangular band was the only cloud this low, and moving this deliberately. The cloud was more dense at the outer edges, and thin in the middle, making me suspect it was a Crab Eyes concealing itself with something akin to cloud blinders. I stood there thinking "Man, you guys sure have some brass to slide up here in broad daylight like this, in the middle of the city". After finishing my cigarette I waved at them, and then lifted my cup of coffee upwards as a gesture of salute before heading back inside.
