{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-24 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3787,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5514110.json","updb_database_id":5514110}
triangular lights 2 witness

We were travelling home,in the dark, I was sitting in the passenger seat of our works van after being on a flood clearance job in north Wales. We were heading south from Bettws Y Coed and entering Snowdonia Natinal Park on the A470 at around 18.30 on a clear moonlit evening when we stopped at a set of traffic lights on red which were part of ongoing road improvements. I saw a set of white triangular lights to the east which was to our left. These lights seemed to be up on an embankment between us and the silhouette of a higher hill in the distance, I first assumed it was a train as it was travelling horizontally as if on a straight track but it then rose at an angle of about 25 degrees and started to angle towards the west behind our position in the van. I then lost sight of the lights as we were facing south and they disappeared behind our van.
I thought to myself it must've been a train as it could not have been an air plane (even if it was taking off) - as I know of no airports/fields in that area - the closest being in Welshpool way over to the east 55 miles away. However if it was a train and it had headed west behind our position I thought to myself how would it have crossed the road behind us as we hadn't gone under any bridges or gone over any railway crossing on our journey. As I scratched my head in confusion the red light turned to green and we continued south through the Park.
My co-driver didn't see what I had and I didn't mention it to him as I was still perplexed by what I'd seen. We had travelled for another 5 minutes and were in a flow of traffic travelling at about 45 mph when my co-driver said " what the f##k is that?" at which point 2 bright lights came into view from a north easterly direction and flew over the road in front of us at an approximate height of 200 feet (maybe less) and at a distance away of about 300 feet. Even though it was dark it was a clear enough night to see these lights were part of the same craft as I could see the silhouette of its body which was an elongated rectangle with the lights at either end. After it flew across the road in a south easterly direction it then did a sort of banking manoeuvre towards the south west. The whole craft then seemed to glide at great speed to the west and disappeared behind a set of hills. The distance between our viewpoint and these hills was about a mile and this object travelled it in seconds. The time these lights came into view and going out of sight probably took less than 7 seconds. I would assume any aircraft travelling that low and accelerating at that speed would have generated a fair amount of noise. The other strange point was that at no time did we see any navigation lights which are common on most aircraft and also there was no after burn or thrust illumination from any part of the craft which would be visible if a jet engine had performed this type of manoeuvre at that sort of speed.
Both myself and co-driver could not come up with any rational explanation to what we had just seen and both agreed after a lengthy discussion on the remainder of our journey home that what we had seen was an object which was flying and was unidentifiable
