{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-21 23:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3895,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5529110.json","updb_database_id":5529110}
I think I saw a black triangle

I am roughly 20 miles west of Philadelphia, PA and on or approximately April 23rd, 2010, I took a cigarette break from playing a poker tournament online. The tournaments have scheduled breaks, lasting 5 minutes, which occur at :55 past the hour. I went outside at 11:55 pm and it was a cool, unusually quiet night with a clear sky. I lit a smoke took a couple drags and was facing in the direction of northeast/east (have since used a compass) when I heard something behind me. It wasn't like I heard an engine - I can't describe it - but I heard something moving through the air. 

I partially turned by body and looked up and I was completely frozen and in awe looking at this massive thing flying overhead of me. It was considerably bigger than anything I've ever seen before flying in the sky. 

It was triangular in shape, black or very dark in color and enormous. What was unusual though, beyond its vast size, was that (1) it had no wings whatsoever, (2) it wasn't moving at a high velocity and (3) it didn't seem to be attempting to hide (it was hard to miss). Another strange aspect was the low altitude. I frequently look at planes fly overhead when I take smoke breaks (in the day and at night) and whatever I saw was flying between the altitude of where the small single engine planes fly and the commercial planes fly and was closer to the altitude of the smaller planes than the commercial planes (it was quite low). 

I watched it fly overhead until I lost sight of it beyond the tree line and it wasn't until afterwards that I realized what I had just witnessed. When I saw it, I was literally frozen and couldn't move - the mass was breathtaking and I was in complete awe. I had no idea what I was looking at, and have never seen anything like it up to that day or since then.  It dwarfed anything else I have ever seen in the air or even in pictures on tv or the internet. I don't want to underestimate or embellish the size, but I would say it was at least 75-150x bigger than any other plane I've seen in the sky. 

I did not report this when it originally happened because I had no idea who or where to report it to. It wasn't until I saw Mutual UFO Network mentioned on a TV program last week that I decided that I should at the very least report and describe what I saw. 

Like I remarked previously, it was like nothing I had ever seen before and after much searching online, the only thing that I found that it could resemble is a black triangle as described by wikipedia. Unlike what is related by wikipedia's entry , (Link moved to Additional Evidence Section --CMS/sg. I did not see any lights.  And while the shape was triangular, it wasn't equilateral and symetrical as depicted in the picture. It was more isosceles-like. 

Let me make something perfectly clear: I had never heard of a black triangle until my subsequent searches and I was completely sober nor was I taking any medications, OTC or prescribed, during or previously leading up to the sighting. I was not taken aboard and nothing bizarre happened to me during or after the sighting. I have never been to a psychologist and never have had hallucinations. 

Lastly, if I had to guess what I saw, it was some kind of transport ship because of its enormous size.
