{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5287110.json","updb_database_id":5287110}
Triangular shape with three red-orange lights, the front one pulsing. Another white light appeared to emit orbs.

From my personal standpoint, I initially noticed what looked like a square formation of blue-green lights that where constantly dimming and brightening, moving very slowly across the horizon from the North to the SW. After watching it for maybe 5 seconds, i ran to the door to call my mom out to watch it. When we both returned, it seemed like the object had changed to have three red-orange lights in a triangular formation, with its front light blinking intermittently. It was isosceles, with its front point slightly further out than the rear two, just slightly. It reached a point in the SW sky where it stopped, and very slowly began to descend below the horizon. A few minutes after this happened, a bright yellow-white light appeared in the sky directly West of our house, about 30-35 degrees. it slowly moved into place between two dim stars, which I confirmed with Skymap on my phone were indeed stars and that this light was not. It then has stayed there as of the time of this report. It occasionally moves in erratic, small back-and-forth movements, but never straying too far from its current spot. After a minute or two of it hovering there, we noticed a "shooting star" (an orb of white light) streak straight toward the ground, appearing just to the left of the light and disappearing below the treeline. a few seconds after that happened, another orb appeared to shoot SW from the same spot the first appeared. We have both come inside because it is late, and we are both unsettled by what we have witnessed.
