{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4411,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5524110.json","updb_database_id":5524110}
Orange Orbs In Triangle Formation Close Up

My nephew and his friend were next-door at my mother1s house and saw a brilliant orange orb, fly slowly across the back field (approximately 500ft). They watched it move across the sky from the south-east, and watched until it disappeared over the north north-west horizon. My mother says the orb was approximately the size of a small house, and was at a distance of about 1 mile. During the time the orb moved through the sky, it slowly dimmed to black, then returned to its original, brilliant orange. 

The boys (ages 12 and 13) ran back home and told me what they had seen. I expressed disappointment that I had not seen the object and told them the next time they see something like that, to come and tell me. About ten minutes later, one of the boys came in crying, saying there was a UFO outside. I looked out the window and told my husband to grab the camera.

As soon as I got outside I was amazed by how brilliant the orange orbs were. My nephew and I ran out into the pasture to get a clear view away from the trees. There were four brilliant orange orbs, slowly flying west, approximately 500-1000ft above us, within a quarter of a mile. They moved silently 1 three of them in a perfect triangle formation, with a fourth orb off the lower left. 

We watched the objects for approximately 10 minutes, until they slowly dimmed to a blue-white, and then to black. This was just after sunset, and the moon was bright, making it difficult to track their movement after they finally faded to black. During the last few minutes that we were able to track them, they appeared to be solid black spheres.

My husband was able to take a few photographs, but the night-vision setting obscured the photographs. He was only able to get one good picture, which does not show the fourth orb off to the lower-left. The orbs look elongated in the photo because the camera was shaking.

I was excited, because my brother and nephew are always spotting UFOs in the area, and I never get to see them. I go to sleep early, so I don1t get to do much sky-watching. My nephew ran out into the field, waving and shouting, trying to get them to land. My husband was simply dumbfounded, being totally unable to explain what he was witnessing.

I am an Air Force veteran, and former aircrew. My husband is still in the military and is also aircrew. We both have many years of experience observing aircraft. Neither my husband nor I, were able to attribute the orbs to any known aircraft.

In the following weeks, we have witnessed similar orange orbs flying across the horizon at a distance. The objects are orange with none of the standard aircraft lights. The objects can be tracked across the horizon until they slowly fade to blue-white, and then black, over a period of about five minutes. My husband, who is flight-crew, cannot explain the slow dimming of these lights to any type of military procedure. 

Spotting these orange orbs in the early evening is now common-place, and no one gets too worked up about it when they1re spotted. In fact, I1ve told my nephew not to bother alerting me unless he sees them doing something out of the ordinary. 

I would like to add that in the early 19901s, about 10 members of my family saw a triangle ship with red lights (three on each end and one in the center), hover above the back woods (approximately 1/4 mile away at 200ft). The object spun slowly for about 5 minutes, and then shot straight up into the air in an instant.
