{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-11 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5291110.json","updb_database_id":5291110}
Hike at Lookout Point Reservoir

Was on hike. Stopped to talk at edge of lake. Strange fog suddenly appeared over lake and quickly overtook the surrounding forest. I told my companion it wouldn't be safe to hike the trail back and I took him up the skid trail to the main road. The fog was glowing and I heard no wildlife. I know how far the skid trail is from the main trailhead where my car was parked. Somehow we ended up on the other side of the road when we came around the corner to see my car. That's when I saw the large entity next to my car looking down at my sunroof on the passenger side. My first thought was someone messing with my car and told my companion: Are you ready for a fight? At that moment the creature turned and floated around to the front of my car looking directly at us. I went blank at what I saw it do and my companion took off running, and he was fast, straight at it. My view of it was blocked but I did see it float back around my passenger side. He ran fast and I thought [removed profanity/cms/fgc], he left me! So I started running to get to my car and leave! Then I saw the other one floating between the trees parallel to me on my left and watching me, it was about 20" off the ground. Then I remembered my key fob and started hitting it to light up the area. These suits they wore were squared and light absorbing blackest black. I'd say they were 9" tall in the floating. They creature he chased past my car went over the cliff, made no sound and vanished. They didn't confront they evaded. When I saw the 2nd one parallel to me I became confused because I thought there was only one that was being chased and didn't know how it could have got past my companion. It was terrifying. I was screaming get in the car lets go go go!! On the drive back I noticed that we had been gone longer than we should have. I asked him why he ran at it. He said he wanted them to take him. He had never seen anything like that before and I had forgotten about my bedroom experience from years before. 
The next day I checked my car in daylight and could find no evidence of tampering.
