{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-01 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61145","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5231,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5498110.json","updb_database_id":5498110}
On 1.11.14, 10.45 pm three unusually Intense bright amber coloured oval light in triangular formation was seen in the sky. They moved horizontally and shot up rapidly into sky and disappeared. Two more lights appeared. One triangular dark object was seen

I am a Doctor working in a Government Hospital in Bangalore, India. On 1st November 2014, I was on call duty. 

   I received an emergency call from the Hospital. My father drove me on bike from home to the Hospital. After attending the patient, we headed home. My father was driving the bike and I was sitting behind.Distance from Hospital to my home is about 8 km. About 3 km from the Hospital on West of cord road I Observed an unusual sighting. 

   On the cord road, we were driving on the left side, on the right side there was a temple. At about 10.45 pm, I observed a sighting around here. There were three intense bright golden/amber coloured lights in the sky. They were in a triangular formation. They were moving very slowly in a Horizontal plane. They were very intense oval shaped lights. I have not seen such light before. The lights seemed to waiver. 
  
   My father continued to drive. I told him to stop the vehicle. We stopped before entering the Toll gate Underpass. Underpass construction is below a major intersection. It connects cord road to vijayanagar. Underpass is about 250 meters. We stopped before entering the underpass. I took out my phone and started taking pictures. I was still seated on the bike and recorded.

   I noticed that the three lights in triangular formation were moving very slowly in a horizontal plane. Suddenly and very rapidly one of the lights shot up into the sky and disappeared. Seconds later the other two lights also shot up and disappeared one after the other. I have taken pictures of the three lights in triangular formation.

   Subsequently another light of the same nature appeared. I have taken video of this. A passing by car ,seeing us recording stopped briefly and proceeded again. Behind this another light appeared. They were also moving slowly in a horizontal plane. 

   Me and my father started driving again. We entered and exited the underpass. After exiting, I noticed that Of the two lights, the first light disappeared. In its position but much nearer, I observed an object. The object was somewhat triangular in shape. It had a dark/black surface. The surface seemed to be uneven/wrinkled. Second light was still visible and had not disappeared.

   I reached home and narrated the events to my husband. We circulated the images and videos to  some known people on Whatsapp. Nobody has replied. Probably they think its a prank or a hoax or a joke or fire crackers. 

   It cannot be a firecracker as there was no sound or blast noise associated. It was initially moving Horizontally and later abruptly shot up. Fire crackers cant do that.

  It could not be a plane or a helicopter as it was quite close and no sound was heard.

  My Husband is a UFO enthusiast. I am a Sceptic. I did not believe in such things. This incident has made me to think in terms of UFO's being a possibility. Also, it has made me realise that others do not believe you when you have witnessed a genuine sighting, much the same way I would disregard UFO videos on youtube which my husband watches. 

  When I first saw the lights, I knew it was unusual. It was intense. I Thought of calling my husband but didn't have time to do the same. I didnt know how to use my phone to capture the photo and video. I had been using a small non Android phone for 10 years till 2-3 days earlier. MY husband bought a smartphone which I have started using since 2-3 days. Somehow I managed to take pictures. I wanted to zoom in and record, but I didnt know how.
