{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5476110.json","updb_database_id":5476110}
{jpg} Had been abducted multiple times by the age of 6, had reppor with entities.

The first time I remember was sleeping at night and woke up to a knock on my bedroom door. Some how, I knew it wasn't my parents but a very tall person, along with another that was the same size as me. I had this mental image as I walked to open my door. I saw exactly what I was imaging and was not scared at all. I never had seen these people before, but I did as they wanted. Know-one spoke, but I could hear them talk to me in my head. My dad was sleeping in the other room. There was a blueish low light so I could see. I followed them to the hall closet.There was an access panel to the attic. I said I could not climb up. The tall man said,"just try" It was as I floated up in the air and and easily went through the hole. I was so excited,it was fun. Then the small person went through the roof like it wasn't even there.So I followed him.as I started to got through,I got really scared and grabbed the ground wire that ran across the house.The wire broke and I fell back into the house. Something bad happened to the small man. I didn't realize that he was badly hurt.I found out later it was the ground wire that caused a problem. The tall man reassured me and I went through the roof. It was like swimming through water.As I stood on top of my house, just looking around the neighborhood, I was amazed at all I could see. They must have replaced the small man with another person that was my size.He put a sleeve that loosely fit around my forearm.Then suddenly it conformed to my arm tightly. There was lights that I could see on this sleeve. Red, Green, Blue, they were flashing. The tall man pushed the lights and we suddenly started going straight up. We got so high up that I was scared to death. There was absolutely nothing under our feet. I grabbed and held tightly on to the tall man's leg. Just liked a son does to his dad's. He did not say a word and let me hold on to him. He knew how scared I was. I started to feel safe with him. We ended up in a room that had other kids walking all over.This was 1965, maybe 1966.That was what triggered my recall of events that had been surpressed in my sub-concious for all most 50 years.I have many bits of memory of things that happened.That's when I relized I had been taken many times before and after.
