{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-11 08:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506110","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52707","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3687,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/110/mufon-5506110.json","updb_database_id":5506110}
{rjl} 2 objects. One white, one red. white one hovered a second then red one crossed it and turned to follow it.

I took the dog out around 8;55 am on 12-11-13 to wait for my daughters school bus. She is in middle school and rides the ESE bus because she has special needs. Her school does not start till 9:45 am. I tied the dog to the porch rail and heard an airplane so I looked up. The planes come pretty low here since we are between the airport and the navy base. The plane was headed like it just took off from the airport. It was obvious it was a passenger plane. Like I said they fly close here. It was headed south. I kept looking at the sky. I always do, because I believe and I want to see and meet anyone or anything new. I looked northwest and saw something white. It was so far away I thought it was a star. But I thought the sun was too bright to see a star that well. I noticed it was moving. I opened the door and told my daughter to come out. I pointed it out to her. She said it was just a star or a satellite. I said stars and satellites cant be seen in this sun lite and its moving too fast. There was no sound at all since the plane had gotten out of earshot. It stopped and I ran in and got the binoculars. When I came back there was a red object coming from the east. The white object stopped and the red one went west in front of the white one. Holding finger distance between them it was like 6 inches if you spread the thumb and index finger to measure. The red one passed the white one in front of it. The white one started going again towards the southeast. I looked through the binoculars and the white one had a solid greenish-yellow light covering the entire bottom surface with a small silver outer rim. The light was steady and continuous. The red object stopped and turned like a V shaped turn NOT a wide curve like a plane would have to do. It went southeast after the white object, as if chasing it. I looked through the binoculars, it too was star like, and it was just like the other one only it had a pale reddish light with a silver like outer rim. I could not really gage a shape. They were so far away they were like stars. But stars don't stop and change directions and follow other objects. I wouldnt think a satellite would either. My daughter kept saying it was stars or satellites because she was not going to admit what she saw and have people call her coo-coo at school. She said she could not deny some of the things she had seen before though. She told me not to show her anything like that again. Im like, "but I want them to come say hello to me!" We couldnt get the camera in time. Oh yeah! They both disappeared at the same time by shooting straight up. Just "poof" gone with the red on following the white one!!! My daughter was like, "where did they go?" I said, "straight up!" Kept looking, but they were gone. My daughter is a high functioning autistic. She is in main stream classes and hangs with the regular kids. She is very smart, she just processes things different and sucks at math, but she is on a 12th grade reading level.
