{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-06-28 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549574","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/574/mufon-5549574.json","updb_database_id":5549574}
SAW LIGHTS HOVERING FOR HOURS AND THEN MOVING AWAY

It was approximately 200am Monday, June 28, 2004. My boyfriend, Pete and I wereparked on the side of a golf course in Coram, NY. It was a very clear night andwe were just looking at the stars in the sky. We were able to point out the bigdipper and little dipper in the sky. To the left of the big dipper was what wethought a very large and bright star. It was twinkling very fast compared toother stars in the sky. It looked as though it was slightly moving. We figuredthat our eyes where not focusing and that was causing it to appear to be moving.We then took our focus off that one bigger star and was looking west of thereand there were star like objects that appeared to be fading in and out. Twospecifically that were obvious. Approximately 30 minutes later I again lookedback to the original star that was so bright and it had moved significantly tothe east of were it was originally. When I first saw the light I had my headrested upwards hanging outside the car door to see it and it was west of myposition. It now was in view of my sitting up straight and looking to my rightout the window more east of our vehicle. I sensed a feeling of fear because itwas so evident that this star like object had moved. Over the next hour we bothfocused our attention to this one star like object. It made random movements andwas blinking different colors. The color we were clear about were WHITE, GREENand RED. It mainly stayed white but did randomly flash in a non specificpattern. It did however seem to blink spastically when an airplane had gone by,almost like it was trying to mimic the red blinking lights we see on air planes.It also appeared to have become bigger then when we originally saw it. We arenot sure if it came closer to our view or whatnot. It also seemed to hover in azig zag motion but very slightly. It would go from left to right or up a littleand then back down. As time went on it was eventually making its way furthereast and downward towards the treeline. We hear no noise, except noticed a dogbarking coming from the direction of the trees. The last 5 minutes in our viewseemed to have the most significant motion as it moved downward past thetreeline and out of view pretty fast. We got out of the car to see if we couldstill see it. It was just lower than the tree line and we were able to stillmake it out. Finally out of view we got back in the car. We continued to keepand eye on the area
