{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-18 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502574","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4464,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/574/mufon-5502574.json","updb_database_id":5502574}
{rjl} Two orange/red intensely glowing round objects one after the other moving accross sky just under the cloud cover with no sound. Then they made abrupt direction change, ascended and disappeared.

On May 18, 2014 at approx. 2035 hrs. I had exited my back porch into my yard with my dog to allow her to do her business. I noticed an immensely bright orange/red glowing ball coming across the sky from north to south. This object did not make any sound at all as it traversed the sky. I immediately ran inside the house leaving the dog inside and having my wife come back outside with me. The object was still traveling south in the sky. I was then able to capture this object on video using my cellphone. As I was recording this object it changed direction to travel east. While this object was traveling east, it also seemed to diminish in intensity to the point that it appeared as a flame that is extinguished. But, before it completely stopped glowing, it seemed to flicker on and off at least 3 times with each not having the intensity of glow that it did prior to the direction change and ascension. It was approximately 40 seconds after this object disappeared that my wife called my attention to a second object identical to the first following the same flight line across the sky. I once again started to video this object as the first and told my wife to retrieve our son's telescope. She went into the house and retrieved the telescope and brought it outside to me but I was unable to get the object into focus. By this time, the object made the same directional change to the east while ascending. This object did not seem to diminish in the same manner as the first as it ascended higher in the sky, nor did it flicker. This second object just seemed to vanish at a certain point while ascending higher into the sky. After we witnessed this event, I spotted an airplane over our house roof and I videotaped the airplane to show the contrast between it and the unidentified objects we observed and I videotaped. The plane was clearly distinguishable with its blinking lights. The unkown objects never blinked and had an intensity unlike any airplane known to us. 

This encounter is especially unnerving as well as being of major interest to my wife and I. We would very much like to know just what these objects that we had observed are. To note, this is the second of such sightings of the same phenomenon my wife and I have observed. Last summer (June 2013) while riding our motorcycle back from the supermarket, we had seen 5 of the same intensely orange/red/yellow fireballs approx. 2 miles east of our home where we saw the two last evening. We pulled off of the road along with a few other vehicles and we watched as these five objects headed east with various speeds. The five then at different times made very sudden and erratic direction changes that culminated with them all eventually ascending while traveling southeast. All five objects one at a time seemed to extinguish their glow once ascending high into the sky with some abruptly extinguishing their glow and others seemingly flickering out or just fading out. These five objects were also silent during this event. There was also an easily identified airplane flying west of these 5 objects on that particular night.
