{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-30 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488574","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/574/mufon-5488574.json","updb_database_id":5488574}
{jpg} Seemed to be weird

Was taking daughter "B" to a friends off Old Furnace Rd. off Rt 28, was with "B", "M", "A". We noticed what appeared to be the moon looking very weird beautiful "Full Moon" orange color. Completely round. Stopped car in the middle of the road to video. Only could video for a minute because I had stopped in the middle of the road. Not a good idea but I wanted to capture it on video. Only video taped for a minute then immediately handed phone to "B" so I could start driving again and I didn't want to miss it. (in video you can hear as I hand her the phone this strange noise like polaroid picture taking noise. Then when she was trying to focus on object, you can see it flying away at super speed.) Seen deer eyes glowing in field. Continued taking her to friends and couldn't make it up the driveway. She had to walk up the driveway and it was pitch black so my headlights lit the way for her. Seemed a while and she asked me to phone and ask him to open the gate. Seemed a while as we were waiting at the bottom of driveway. As we were waiting, I seen a flash off to my left in the woods. "M" didn't like sitting there, seemed scary. At first stop sign after leaving driveway, "M" thought stop sign was the moon. Continued, then it didn't seem like we had drove that far yet and we heard a train horn blow really loud and I said that oooh, that scared me I didn't think we were near the train tracks yet "weird.(you can hear a train horn at "beginning" of video) Seen a dear run up into woods on way home. Continued home. Took still pic screen shots of the whole video. It won't let me upload [removed/CMS/jpg] on videos I have taken. When I uploaded the very first pic at the beginning of the video to youtube to make a video out of the stills, this glowing thing showed up. I immediately took various pics of this on my computer screen because tons of electronic stuff going haywire. After the upload I could not find my original video with the glowing thing. Was gone but still had the stills that I took when it first showed up on youtube. This whole thing has us all so freaking confused. Anyway, pics are odd, the whole night is odd. Don't hardly want to think about it anymore. I'm exhausted. At end of video "B" said, "I'm so depressed, I'm sweating." We were all together in the car but you can barely hear what we were saying. When I try to upload the video to my email, it will never let me open it to view it. Other views of the video only start out looking like it was viewing this circle thing with a million things circling around it. Sorry this don't make sense. Can only upload so many pics. I have many more still screenshots of video. Just about 1 screenshot for every second of video. Some screenshots I got two pics within one second. Too weird for me. Going back to area to check the ground and surrounding area today. Which right now is 10-2-15 3:30 a.m. as I'm typing this up.
