{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-14 21:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526574","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/574/mufon-5526574.json","updb_database_id":5526574}
Multiple waves of 5 orange/low to high trajectory

Travelling S.B. on I-435 when five orange objects in Eastern sky caught my eye. I stopped to observe this phenomena, as they flew slowly, albeit radical, at about 20 degrees above horizon. As they spread and slowly began to disappear into the clouds above (low celing), a larger and brighter orange object at a faster speed, about 1-2 degrees above the horizon, behind the treeline, and then as it started to ascend, split into five smaller orange objects, again radical in flight, without formation, and slowly ascended into the clould cover. This occurred about 20 times over a 25 minute span. They all came from the North (low on horizon) to South and then turning toward the East and then into cloud cover. At one time, I observed over 15 in the sky at one time. At approx 9:58 PM, the largest ball at a faster speed flew, split into 5 smaller objects, they followed the same path as the previous objects, and then the event seemed to stop. There were other vehicles on the shoulder of the highway observing this event. I got one persons name and phone, and the next day he related that he talked to another individual who also saw this phenomenon. Once they all rose above the treeline, I would approximate their speed at approx. that of a helicopter. but the jerky motion didn't make sense, and the coloration from a side view made no sense, as the sun had been down for over an hour and the low altitude above the eastern horizon would pretty much rule out solar reflection. I would guess that over the period that I observed these objects, there were approximately 125 of them. I do not do drugs/drink/or subject to illusions. I am observant, logical, and well educated. This happened, it was unexplainable, and a bit spooky. AS this event lasted so long, with so many objects, I would presume that radar somewhere would have picked this up. If possible, I would like an explanation from some tower or authority trying to explain this to me. The initial speed of these objects at low altitude seemd to be about 100-120 KPH, but during ascent appeared to slow to around 60-80KPH. The wind was about 15 knots, which Might contribute to some of the uneveness of flight, but probably not.
