{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468574","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3589,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/574/mufon-5468574.json","updb_database_id":5468574}
{cak} First one was quick, loud, huge, and bright with 4 or 5 light. Second one was silent with three lights going verical with bottom light blinking.

I was at my mom's house and woke up during the middle of the night around 2:00 am during thanksgiving morning 2017 because I went to bed early around 7:00 pm the night before. When I woke up I started watching the show "stranger things" on netflix because my girlfriend told me it was a good show. While watching the show I realized I heard a loud humming noise. I initially ignored it because I thought it was a plane flying over the house. About 10-15 minutes passed and I realized the sound was still there. I go to look outside the living room window (the area that I fell asleep) and realize an enormous flying craft going over the neighborhood. I witnessed it for about 5 seconds. I couldn't make out what it was but I know I saw 4 to 6 lights at each corner of it. It was super loud and seemed so close but so far away. The sound of it alone made me believe the house was shaking at the time. I lost sight of it when it cleared the neighbors trees next door. I laid down and convinsed myself it was a drone or some type of neighborhood craft someone was flying late at night. I turned off stranger things and turned on family guy on netfix to calm me down. I was shaking on the sofa not knowing weather to wake up my mom and her fiance over the deal. About an hour in(maybe around 3 to 3:30 am) I have finally calmed down and got into the show. I then realized a flashing blue light hit the wall just behind the TV flashing through the windows. I was terrified and decided to ignore it for several minutes. When I finally gained the courage I stepped toward the windows and peeked through. What I saw was a completely different craft that was impossibly silent. This one I remember more because I watched it for nearly an hour. It had three lights going vertical in the air with the bottom light flashing(the light I saw flashing through the windows). It moved as if it defied gravity. It seemed to be hovering in multiple different directions throughout the neighborhood. I could not stop watching this object in the sky. It ended up finally drifting away in some trees down the neighborhood and I continued to wait for it to come back approximately 30 minutes after it dissappeared. Once I realized it was not coming back I decided to go back to the sofa and get some sleep before Thanksgiving morning. Once I woke up I told my mom the story and she thought I was just dreaming it. She then went to work until 2:00 pm. She told a few costumers about my encounter(without giving specific details) and was then told by the costumers about similar encounters with the same exact details from my story that my mother did not tell. I have never told these events to anyone else but decided I needed to do something after my mom told me that her house has had a circle of dead grass in her front yard ever since I left her house later that day.
