{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67806","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5491751.json","updb_database_id":5491751}
{dr}Had a strange abduction experience, then saw gray alien in my bedroom hours after.

When I was 17 years old, I was on my computer late one night around 11:00 pm when a small window came onto a website I was looking at that said "there is an alien in your closet." I didn't know what to think of it so I closed off my computer and decided to go to bed early. I took one Tylenol pm pill, which I've taken before and never had any unusual reactions (I've also been tested and do not have any drug-allergies). After I took the Tylenol PM, I turned on my stereo to some light music to help me relax. I lay down in bed and within 20 seconds I began to feel a warm, tingling sensation on top of my head. It startled me, so I sat up and began to run through all of the logical explanations I could think of as to what was happening, only to find none, so I lay back down. After a few more seconds the tingling came back on my head, so I continued to lay there in curiosity. The tingling then spread down my chest to my abdomen, then through my limbs, toes, and fingers. When it reached my fingers and toes, it began reverberating throughout my body, primarily through my spine. It felt extremely intense, like the feeling of going straight down on a roller-coaster, mixed with a tickling sensation. I struggled to tolerate the sensation as it was so intense, but I held-out due to my curiosity. After about 10 seconds of this sensation, I began to feel like there was something coming out of my chest and I was being pulled into the air. The next thing I know, I'm coming back to consciousness and I feel like I'm being thrown around my room. Then, I see a blue orb that's glowing, but not reflecting on anything, and after a moment I realized that I was the blue orb because I was moving with it and within it... I could see from it's perspective while at the same time seeing behind it from a third-person perspective. I was bouncing around my room and could see things I never noticed before, like some dust and cobwebs on a shelf in my room. After bouncing to one side of my room and hitting a wall, I bounced back, over my body (I could see myself in bed), and halted. I then began to materialize into a human form, but not made of organic or solid material. After I was fully materialized, I lowered into my physical body and lay in bed in a trance-like, semi-conscious, state. I shed a tear as I felt that I had experienced something incredibly amazing and possibly spiritual, and then I heard an alternating clicking noise similar to the sound of running your finger across the teeth of a fine-tooth comb. I was startled and opened my eyes, focused on my clock and saw that it was 3:30 a.m. (I had four hours of missing time), and I began thinking of what it could be, as I had never heard this sound before. Then all of the sudden in my mind I thought "alien." I sat up to see what it was, and at first I thought it was a child, but upon examination I realized that it was a small gray alien. It was around four feet tall, I couldn't see it's outward color, I couldn't see below it's waist as it was standing behind the foot-board of my bed, it was extremely slender and I doubt it weight any more than 80 pounds. It was staring back at me with it's arms flung out to it's sides, as if it was scared, and we stared at each other for about 30 seconds while all of the human emotions that one feels while encountering a possibly dangerous life-form took place in my mind. I wondered why it was there, what it's intentions were with me, if it had anything to do with my previous experience, and if it would try to harm me. Then, to prove to myself that this was real, I slapped my face, pinched my arm, and rubbed my eyes (all of the things people do in movies when they're in disbelief of a witnessed event). After I did that and realized it was real, I focused in on it's face, which was upon a large ovular head with large ovular eyes. I couldn't see a nose or mouth, just the head and eyes. As I gazed into it's black, slanted eyes, I felt like I connected with it and we were feeling each other's fear. It became too much for me to mentally handle, so I fell into bed, pulled the covers over my head, and attempted to scream... but nothing came out. The next thing I knew, I felt it's fingers grace the sheet over my legs, and then it grasped onto them right over my shins and began to pull the sheet down slowly. The sheet began to slide down my face and when it went over my nose, I became extremely frightened and once again pulled it up and screamed for my mom as loud as I could. The next moment felt like it lasted for at least a minute, but it was probably more like 30 seconds. I heard the shuffling of it trying to flee, but I didn't hear any doors or windows open (I keep everything shut while I sleep). My mom finally came into my room and I was so mentally-exhausted from the shock and fear that all I could say to her was "lay with me," and then I passed out. The next morning I was so shocked from what happened that I simply didn't think to document the date of this experience or report it to anyone... I didn't think anyone would believe me anyway. The only people I've told about this are my parents and a few close friends, but I don't think anyone truly believes me that this was real.
