{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-20 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5475751.json","updb_database_id":5475751}
{rjl} Saw 5 silver round objects and then photos revealed large glowing green discs

My daughter-in-law and I went for a late dinner at a deli at around 7:30 PM and ate on the patio outside. The day had been beautiful and cloudless but a cloud front moved in and the leading edge of the cloud front was gorgeous and illuminated from the sun. So it really had my full attention. I was facing to the South and my daughter-in-law (S) was facing to the North. The clouds were coming in from the West. I noticed an extremely bright round silvery shining object floating upward above a few stray clouds to the North. It moved pretty slowly upward and ascended so far up that I lost sight of it. Then, I saw a second one of the same variety only it was ahead of the stray clouds and it moved westward and then upward behind the clouds. By this time I knew what I was looking at - no way was this a plane. After a few minutes the one in the clouds reappeared and I asked (S) to look at it. We both watched it quickly change directions from moving upward to moving east and then a second one appeared at the same time floating upwards. Aside from the quick changes in direction, they were moving smoothly and fairly slowly till we lost sight of them. The a commercial plane flew by in nearly the same area. It was pretty high up but I imagine that the pilots would have been able to see them as well. (S) began considering a logical explanation - maybe drones which I entertained as a possibility. And then I saw a 5th one of the same moving much lower and then it quickly changed direction and disappeared as it ascended out of sight. I have no doubt that these were NOT drones.

The incoming cloud front changed shape at the edges and took on the form of an alligator so I snapped a few photos. It wasn't till I uploaded the photos to my Mac Book that I saw the large neon green disc hovering above a nearby building. I took the second photo right after the 1st and the disc had moved a a good distance away in such a short period of time.
