{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-08 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5529751.json","updb_database_id":5529751}
Two apparently connected steady white lights moving in unison and direction - huge in size

Last night 10/8/10 at approximately 10:30 pm I was beginning to make my way to bed. My 20 yr. old daughter (home from college for the weekend) wanted me to go sit outside with her on our balcony under the stars. So I splashed some water on my face, just to perk myself up before heading outside. We live in Crozet, VA and our house (and outside balcony) faces west toward the Blue Ridge Mountains. I always turn off the front lights when we sit out there to get a good view of the night sky and did so. Last night was completely clear - Jupiter was bright, milky way visible (even without my glasses on although I had them and was wearing them) and enough ambient starlight to easily see the silhouette of the mountains about 2 miles away from our house.  These mountains are about 3,000 feet high and our elevation above sea level, I believe is about 900 feet. 

So as we sat out there for a while we observed - between the both of us - about 5 shooting stars. One was quite bright. After a while of taking in the view I stood up and saw something unusual that had been blocked from my view by a tree in our front yard (I had been sitting in a chair). I noticed what looked like 2 stars moving together (northward) over the mountains (maybe several hundred to 1000 feet above the ridgeline). There was no blinking as on an aircraft and it moved steadily forward. It was strange because the movement was slow but definite as could be seen by its relationship to the tree in front of me. I pointed it out to my daughter and she also observed it. Then it pivoted downward - remaining apparently connected and continued slowly moving north. This thing had to be huge - I estimated 3 finger width at arms length - my daughter said 2 more like 2.5. Even so, I would guess it was at least 5 miles from us (maybe further) because it was already a bit north of our shortest distance to the mountains. We watched it for maybe 3 minutes (maybe a bit less) and it faded from view. We just couldn't see it anymore. We got our powerful binoculars out after that - and tried to look for it.  Although we couldn't find it again - we did see (further north) a low "star" that was apparently stationary - flashing all kinds of colors. Red, Blue, Green, Yellow - kind of like a prism. Called my wife and son as well and we all observed this 2nd strange sight. I compared it to other stars and none had the multicolor prism effect this one had.

I don't have any pictures - and doubt I have a camera that would have captured anything anyway. I'm a 51 year old, former Naval Flight Officer, that served as a navigator on P-3 Orion aircraft in the 1980's. I know a star when I see one as we used to secondarily navigate the aircraft with a "through the fuselage" sextant. This first object we saw was like nothing I've ever seen! In my estimation - this was an Unidentifiable Flying Object and it was enormous.
