{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-17 04:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3787,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5452751.json","updb_database_id":5452751}
{rjl} Star-like UFO flew over Las Vegas?

Night of the 16th sun. I fell asleep early on couch from a big dinner. It was windy and cloudy. Awoke still dark for a few minutes and flopped around gathering my head. Opened my backdoor drapes to see what the weather would be like outside. (That door faces a small mnt. ridge that the sun sets over Las Vegas every day and a bright star like Venus is right above it at night.) I looked outside. This morning of the 17th was looking calm with no clouds. Mnt. Is normal But something was right by my usual star above the ridge? Same bright white star look but 4 times bigger from my p.o.v! looked like it was moving so I opened the backdoor and stood outside to see it with nothing between me and the object. No sound. Round. Cruising pace. Bright as the stars in the sky... moving. No trail. Was high up and I was amazed. Quickly gazed around at the ridge, the star, and the object to get a bearing on how high and what this could be? To low and moving for a star but now going over my house so I ran back inside glanced at stove clock..4:15ish. As i grabbed shorts off couch and opened my garage door to the front of the house. I watched it outback from 45degree to 90degree angle over my house. I went through the garage and grabbed my telescope I've had for 5 years now to look at the moon and stuff because of my house being outside of the bright city lights area. By then it was at 45degress again in my front yard but stayed visible in the skyline until it was a little bright dot in the sky and vanished. I saw it for 20 or so seconds outback. Even in the front yard the sky was dark to my east but was getting a little bright towards the southwest where the object was heading and watched for 20 or 30 more seconds  IT LOOKED LIKE SOMEONE PICKED A STAR FROM OUTERSPACE BACKDROP AND PUT IT IN OUR AIRSPACE AND WAS JUST TRAVLING BY.. as I watched and absorbed it in I pulled the telescope out, realized I couldn't track it grabbed phone from couch for photo but my phone is J7 blah blah with no clear photo ability, pulled scope of the Celestron but found just gazing at it as it floated over by my house and over the outer south side of Vegas is what my experience is going to be. Also as it was going away in the western sky I saw a shooting star in my vision not by the object but it showed me something breaking up in our atmosphere with something bright and floating away in our airspace? My mind is blown! As a last ditch I ran upstairs for a higher viewpoint but it was over. This happened 4:15 a.m.ish western time the morning of Sunday the 16th. It has taken me 5 hours to gather, absorb, and give this information to mufon. We just had a supermoon that I saw birds, satellites and just space rocks floating in front of the moon as my backdrop (they were dark and went by fast)earlier this month on the 6th with my telescope and this object I saw today WAS NOT OUT THERE. I did take an hour before this to lookup rocket launches today even though it had no trail behind it. Maybe there is a more "down to Earth" answer you could help me find. It Is 2020 quarantine time along with Navy ufo vidoes so I am open to any answers at this point.
