{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5502751.json","updb_database_id":5502751}
{cak} 3 UFO's of red lights in a perfect triangle the night the power was off all over the SW

I live on the top of hill. If you go down the hill about a block in distance you lose about 400 feet in elevation and come to the houses below me. The night the power was off all over the South West the houses below me had their power come on about 9:30 PM. At about 12:20 AM a Coyote was barking out side. I have a clock that projects the time on the ceiling and noticed our power was still out. I got up and stepped outside. I noticed three red lights moving below and thought "That's the power company trucks working on getting the power back on." Although I didn't think there was a road where they were I thought they were off road trucks. I did a closer look and walked to the edge beside a giant rock we have in out back yard(about 15 feet from the house) where I could see all the way down and noticed the red lights were in a perfect triangle (about 10 or fifteen feet apart)and moving together counter clockwise slowly and going North slowly. To my surprise there were three more red lights in a perfect triangle following the first three about a hundred feet back from the first group. There was another three higher than me that I had to look up slightly too. They were arching down and joined the second set about a hundred feet behind the second set. All three sets were going the same speed and rotating counter clockwise as if they were joined together although I couldn't see anything joining them. About then the first three were going North out of sight as the hill juts out and blocked my view. The second set of three then made a move like they got on a ferris wheel and made one rotation which gave the third three enough time to fall in line about a 100 feet behind and the second three. Then they continued on the same path as the first three lights had done. I would guess they were traveling about a 100 high and the third three were about 400 feet high when I first saw them. I thought later they were going right where the power was on on one side and off on the other. I don't think we ever got a clear explanation why the power went off. I know it was about 12:20 AM as our power came on about 12:40 and as I laid in bed I thought that happened about 20 minutes ago. JD
