{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-19 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4074,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5501751.json","updb_database_id":5501751}
{rjl} Lights over Lee's Summit

Thursday, June 19, 2014, at about 9:30 p.m. I heard a throbbing sound outside the house. It was not quite like a helicopter sound but reminiscent. I decided to look closer at the skies from several directions. With my astronomical binoculars, I started scanning.

1.	First I noted a cluster of many pulsating lights in a rough spherical arrangement in a SSE direction which disappeared from view behind a neighboring roof. They did not reappear even though I waited.
2.	Next I noticed pulsing lights from the left and right sides of the field of view that were travelling toward each other. The pulsing lights normally looked like two lights blinking off and on varying in color. Occasionally a third light seemed to be present. The two lights kept changing configuration with respect to one another despite the forward direction of travel. When the lights came close together they both stopped, and then reversed direction. The altitude and location from my vantage was between the stars Antares on the right and Sabik on the left.
3.	A few minutes later a pulsing light was seen travelling from the right slightly above the roof line of the neighboring house toward the left. At the same time, another pulsating lights travelled directly toward the fist lights from the left again. Suddenly the left lights increased in speed toward the right group, and then abruptly stopped. It hovered, then moved up to allow the first lights to continue travelling from right to left. The one travelling to the left eventually disappeared behind the tree line, and the right one at the higher altitude continued on.
4.	Later, another set of the pulsing lights travelled from left to right, then slowed, and rose vertically and stopped to hover again.  At this point I noticed an airplane had come into view and was coming generally toward my direction on the right but stayed on that side and seemed to be going in the direction of MCI (the airport). The hovering lights seemed to be observing the aircraft. Then they continued once the aircraft was out of my sight travelling still toward the right, and made a large arc downward and in a direction to follow the airplane1 but slower. 

Note: Most of the time, the pulsating lights would be either red or orange, green, white.  This was a characteristic of all the lights in the four occurrences. The pulsing and change of direction of the lights never became static, that is, they kept changing in location although it was obvious that they were on the same craft.

The total time period was from 9:33 pm to 10:25 pm.  The direction of most of this was from the east to the southwest for boundaries of the entire series of events. It would be difficult to estimate the distance of these lights exactly.  The best estimate would be to approximate the distance to the aircraft, which I would judge to be about 3.2 miles away, or over the southern end of Lake Jacomo which would be 2.5 miles distant. (Assuming the aircraft was at 11,500 feet when at 39 miles from the airport on landing approach).
