{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-17 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504751","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3143,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/751/mufon-5504751.json","updb_database_id":5504751}
{rjl} 2 bright white lights with beams shining down to Susquehanna river. Small flashing red light too.

I was driving my tractor trailer north on US15, approximately 4-5 miles south of the intersection of PA44. Straight above the Susquehanna river, to my northeast, also, in the direction of watsontown, PA, I saw two bright white lights. They were probably about 1.5-2 miles away when I first saw them. Maybe even slightly farther. I thought it was an aircraft that had taken off from montoursville regional airport, heading south. But as I drove further, I realized the lights were not moving. I would describe them as very bright white, large-looking headlights. They appeared to be pointing towards the river, as a beam projected from them straight down. I would guess the beam only projected about 25-40 from the craft, which was around 600-800 feet above the river. The entire duration of seeing it was probably about 3-4 minutes or so. I slowed my speed from 55-60 to low 40s once I realized the object was not moving. The truck seemed to drive itself as I got "lost" watching this. This may sound odd, but I had an overwhelming feeling that "nothing was going on". That's the best way I can describe how I felt. 
There was nowhere for me to pull my truck over until a mile or so down the road, where I know of a small diesel station where I have been before. In hindsight, I regret not pulling into the shoulder to film it. I was able to capture a 20 second iphone5 video of it. The video is shaky because I was still driving, and using elbows to steer. The object appears to be moving because the phone is bouncing everywhere. The object was definitely not moving though. When I pulled into the diesel station, trees and a ridge blocked any view I could have had. 
I also pinned on an iPhone map where the object was. It is the PURPLE pin, not the red pin. Red pin denotes the town of Dewart, PA, which I simply searched as a starting place to pinpoint location. I am born and raised about 15 miles from this location, I drive the roads often, and am very literate with maps. The purple pin is an accurate location. 
Before I filmed, I zoomed iPhones video camera because with no zoom it probably would not not have picked up the lights. Although the zoom does increase blurriness, it was necessary here.
