{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5495513.json","updb_database_id":5495513}
{nd} taking a picture of the night sky and caught it by accident.

Well I like to take pictures of the night sky like constellations and planets. It was just another typical clear night and I decided to go out to my yard and snap a couple of pictures of the winter triangle which consist of three stars (Betelgeuse,Sirius,Procyon) that make up the triangle. I was facing south when I snapped two pictures of the winter triangle nine seconds apart and that was it. I didn't notice the object until I went back inside my house and uploaded the pictures to my computer. I had the camera fixed on a tripod so they are two pretty clear and steady images. I was looking at the pictures when I noticed what I thought was a star lined up perfectly with the star Sirius and then on the next picture the object had moved up that's when I noticed the object. I started going back and forth on both images and noticed that nothing else in the pictures moves other than the object. I thought my computer screen had a smudge on it but when I zoomed in on the object it became apparent to me that it was no star but some sort of craft. On the first image the object is stationary but on the second image the object starts to fly upwards. There was a full moon out that night which I also caught in the frame. You can actually see the moon light reflecting off the object. I was pretty amazed and a little bit freaked out. I lost the object because I stopped taking pictures of that part of the sky, again I didn't realize i was taking a picture of a ufo. 
   I'm going to send the two original pictures then I'm going to add the same two pictures but enhanced. I still have the pictures saved on my camera if you would ever want to verify the info as far as the date, time and authenticity. The object is going to be the bright light on the lower left side all the other lights are stars. Zoom in on the object for best detail.
I really hope I hear back from you guys I just found out about this website if not I would of reported this event on the actual day. Even though I did post it on youtube that day because that was the only way I knew how to get what I saw to the public but I never got any responses. I look forward to hearing what the results are, thank you.
