{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-11 07:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5291513.json","updb_database_id":5291513}
Object appears to come out of clouds, travel a distance, then disappear back into clouds

I was recording a video of a spider climbing on its web.  Upon viewing the video after recording it I noticed a small object seemingly appear from out of the thick cloud cover travel south at a very high rate of speed and with erratic changes in direction. The object appears in the video for a very brief moment then seemingly disappears as if going back into the clouds. I also took a still photo immediately after the video recording and there is an anomalous object among the clouds in the same spot where the object in the video seemingly enters back into the clouds. It can be seen watching the video at normal speed without zooming, but to see it in detail the I had to zoom in, pause the video, and jog the video forward and backward as the entire event does not last very long. 

I have included the video as a .mov file. It was recorded on my iPhone 11's camera. If you have trouble seeing the object you are welcome to call me at the number provided. I apologize as I do not possess the video editing skills necessary to add markings indicating where the object is. I will try to describe here:
At 00:18 seconds in the object appears below the spider and behind the lowest tree twig in the frame. It travels south and at 00:19 seconds it disappears into the clouds in the top half/mid part of the frame. 
In the still photo, there appears to be an object among the clouds to the right and above the spider. 
I realize it looks like, and very well could be, just an insect, but I keep getting the feeling it's not. I was compelled to report it anyway because of the way it looks like it is coming out of and going into the clouds. I am very sorry for wasting your time if it is only an insect.
