{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-02-01 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3050,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5459513.json","updb_database_id":5459513}
{tjd} Beam of bright intense light, no sound, swirling fields of grass and a blast of heat to my left arm.

Me and a now deceased friend had just finished up a long day of work. We were contractors, worked as fiber splicers, telecom, cable, set up headends for local cable companies as engineers...that sort of thing.
I had decided to take the back road as a shortcut down Sycamore Rd, Carterville, IL.
Just past Hafer Rd., I noticed a disturbance outside my driver side window. The field was...well, swirling like it would in a real heavy wind. I had my window cracked and I still heard no sound...none.
As i watched the field sway back and forth, a beam of light began to eminent from the sky. It was brilliant, it seemed to light up the field like daytime...very bright.
That's when it started moving toward driver side of the truck. I had my arm on the upper door when i suddenly felt an enormous burn on my lower arm.
Never felt nothing like it before. The second i drew my arm back, the light seemed to move away from me. Yes, it was like the light reacted to me when i reacted to it.
And the burn itself was no ordinary burn. It felt like microwave energy maybe...instant on and off that seemed to cook the inside rather then just a contact burn.
I still have the scar from it.
But the moment that light hit me till when it went away, it all seemed out of place. You see yourself driving...thats your memory. And then somehow you rejoin reality about 2 miles down the road while you're parked at a stop sign.
The friend that was with me remembers nothing of it. He's now deceased.
And something else...these scars never seem to fully heal up.
I'll send some pictures of my arm.
You can still see the burn easily.
The reason im coming forward is that i was watching history channel and a mufon special about people being burned by something.
I didn't know others have had this same experience.
And this isn't my first experience with a UFO. I've had 3 events. First when I was 5, 2nd at 11, 3rd one happened in my 20's.
But that 3rd and last scared me. It reacted to me, man. REACTED! And it marked me...goodness sakes!
