{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2258,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5466513.json","updb_database_id":5466513}
very high flying object changed direction 90 degrees without chaning speed

Each night before I go to bed, I cross the street with my two dogs, to let them out in the field. They do their thing, and meanwhile I like to stare to the stars. It happens quite often that I see satellites. I recognize them by the straight line they are moving in, no blinking lights and no sound like a plane. You somehow see they are moving way higher than planes do, but still they move faster through the air as a plane does. I always find that intriguing to see. On that specific night I thought I noticed another satellite, high in the sky. Just like a faint star which is moving through the night sky. I remember I thought to myself, "hey cool, there is another one". But nothing special so far. It was high in the sky, clearly much higher as a plane would, coming from the left, following the straight path to the right. It then suddenly changed direction 90 degrees without slowing down whatsoever. It was a maneuver nothing human-made could ever do. It was against the laws of physics as I know them, especially with the speed it was moving. Not superfast, just the same as you would see when satellites or sometimes even the ISS passing by. I remember thinking, WOW, what just happened there? As it was moving in the different direction I lost sight of it because a street light got in my sight preventing to see less bright stars and also this object. I haven't told many people, and the ones which I told don't seem to be impressed at all. Still this story is in the back of my head for a while and I now felt like sharing it. I am more than sure that what I saw was not from this earth.
