{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-21 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3047,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5528513.json","updb_database_id":5528513}
4 reddish/orange cone shape lights traveling north to south

While waiting for the beginnig of the lunar eclipse, my 16 year old son spotted a single reddish/orange cone shape object traveling from the north to south across the sky. Altitude was not discernable, there was no sound emanating from the object. It took approximately 2.5 - 3 minutes for the object to travel across the sky at a constant velocity. My son said that the object just appeared as he was looking at the moon. We had binoculars to observe the eclipse, and on closer inspection with the binoculars my son described the object as a firey reddish orange badmitton birdy, i.e. cone shaped. In addition to myself observing it with my son, my 20 year old daughter also observed the object. After the object was out of sight, my daughter and I returned to the house, but my son remained outside expecting to see another object. Within 3-4 minutes my son was yelling inside the house that another object was in sight - this time my daughter, my wife, and myself were outside observing the object. This one was following the same trajectory; however, it's track was approximately 10 degrees more easterly in the sky. As this second object started to disappear in the southern sky, two more objects appeared in the northern sky. One of them followed approximately the same track as the first object, and the other one followed the track of the second object - i.e. their east/west position in the sky as they both travelled north to south. 

None of the objects produced any discernable noise. They did not have any strobes, nor did we see any kind of rotating beacon, or green starboard light on the object. We've lived on the space coast for nearly 18 years and have seen scores of space shuttle and rocket launches from Kennedy Space center and Canaveral Air Force base. The color and intensity of the objects were similar to that of a rocket plume, but did not have any corresponding noise/vibration, nor did it appear to travel with the velocity neccessary to achieve orbit. The speed was constant, not accelerated. 

I am an instrument rated private pilot with hundreds of hours of flying time. I also have a Bachelors degree in Physics and in Aerospace Engineering. I am 50 years old and have never seen anything like these objects in the sky.

A video clip from my son's iPhone was taken, but not does share anything besides our comments for a brief period and a dot of light.
