{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-03-16 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2863,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5504513.json","updb_database_id":5504513}
Sighted from my open cockpit aeroplane - no glass or goggles between me and UFO

THE FLYING SAUCER / UFO

OK Leo, because you seem genuinely interested, here's what happened:

On 16 March 1965 I took off in my Tiger Moth, ZS-CNT, from Kimberley, at 6.00 am on a flight to Johannesburg to do my instructor rating flight test. I was probably at flight level 75.

Perhaps 15 minutes after takeoff I glanced to my left and was horrified to see what appeared to be an airliner less than 100 yards away. I veered off sharply to my right as I thought we were going to collide. I probably turned about 60 degrees. When I looked again there it was - holding station with me. In other words it must have turned with me to hold formation. My immediate thought was to land because then it couldn't "get" me. But I quickly realised that was futile - if it wanted to get me it could easily do so. 

I had plenty of time to study it. It was silhouetted above the horizon against a totally clear sky - not a cloud anywhere and I was looking down sun - in other words the sunrise would be to my right although I don't think it had risen yet. So I had this huge black object against an almost white sky. I can't say how far away it was. If it was the size of a Viscount (which SAA was using at the time) I would put it at 50 to 100yards away, but of course it could have been twice that size and 200yards away. It had no tail fin but it did have a row of white lights down the side - like aircraft windows. It also had no wings. So it was like a flying cigar.

It stayed with me for perhaps ten minutes before turning directly away from me and disappearing within seconds.

I was so shaken by the incident that I landed immediately at Hoopstaad with the intention of reporting it to the authorities. But after landing I soon realised the hopelessness of reporting such a thing to a country policeman! So I took off again and continued to Klerksdorp, where I refuelled before carrying on to Wonderboom.

I have to tell you that I didn't mention this incident to anyone for ten years or more for fear of being ridiculed.

And that's it.

All the best

jim

Note: The time zone on the form is incorrect because it does not allow me the option of putting Bravo time (two hours ahead of GMT)
