{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516513","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/513/mufon-5516513.json","updb_database_id":5516513}
(GS) The night I became a believer !

I have never told this story to anyone except my ex-wife and I am trying to be as descriptive as possible to tell you what happened that night so here it goes...

When your a child and raised in the country as I, you played outside in the yard or in the woods day and night. We could only come inside to eat, bathe, or go to bed. We (as long as it was two of us ) were only scared of the book of The Revelation because when ever we had a bad storm or the lights went out The Bible and candles came out and they would read aloud the passages there in. I guess to alleviate their fears or to put the fear of God in us, we always thought it was to scare us.Well in the country where we lived, there were no yard/outside lights and outside was as dark as dark can be with only the dim light from a few windows, the moon, and stars to see by. We had to walk from our aunts house( about two or three football fields behind my grandparents house down a path in a large open tract of land with a small vegetable garden in it )to our grandparents house(the big house) at night, in the summer, or winter, with only the back door window light to guide us. The younger kids were usually in bed by 8 or 9 and us, the older kids watched a little black and white TV at the little house while the adults watched the big TV at the big house(we never liked the same TV shows as they did and it was fine with us).
One night in the middle of the summer of nineteen seventy six or seventy seven about ten at night my cousin and I were walking to my grandmothers from my aunts house after watching TV. I always looked at the stars and sky because they were so bright due to no city light pollution and it seemed that you could see every star in the sky. Also a few months earlier some government agency would release some type of green glowing gas into the atmosphere to track weather or air currents or something scientist did back in the seventys and I thought that was the coolest thing I had ever seen in my life but boy was I wrong ! 
On this night I saw the most amazing thing. There were several lights at about 60 or 65 degrees in the sky . At first I thought it might be an airplane or two, but there were no blinking lights and they were moving like nothing I had ever seen . The objects I saw were about the size of an aspirin at first,ten to twenty of them, moving in strange/erratic geometric patterns in the sky.I told my cousin very quietly to go get the rest of the family so they could see what we saw, I didn't believe what I was seeing and needed someone older to see it too.I was not scared just amazed at what was going on in front of me. I never took my eyes off the objects and they were so numerous I couldnt see all of them all of the time.He ran as fast as he could to the big house and everyone who was there came to see what was going on outside.I can only imagine he was really excited and not believing a nine or ten year old my mom ,grand parents, and two aunts casually walked down the path in the garden to where I was standing. They could not see the lights when they exited the back door and porch until they got to the area that I was standing in because of the trees that lined the road and part of the back yard.
I was hypnotized by the sight. I didn't want too look away because I was afraid that what I was seeing would disappear. I have experienced time standing still or time slowing down when traumatic, bad, or amazing things happen and the light show seemed to last twenty or thirty minutes but it probably lasted five or ten. As I watched the objects they seemed to kind of dance around each other.I know this part is going to sound weird but they kind of moved around each other like they were talking to one another. They then moved in what I can only describe as random geometric patterns. Some kind of pentagonal, octagonal, and roundish but not perfect , haphazardly . Then some started to move straight up and down then side to side all of them at the same time but in different areas of the sky and in different patterns and at different speeds,some moving closer to me getting bigger like golf ball size and some farther in the sky,but too far off to make out any shape except round. This is when the adults arrived and no one said a word . They just stared into the sky, looking in every direction. Behind us and side to side to see if anything else was in the sky. I remember one of my aunts saying there were a couple of others behind us above the tree line. Some of the objects would move side to side then up and down and others would move up and down then side to side but at different speeds and all of them still in different areas of the sky.  Some moved closer to the treeline in front of us then move up farther in the sky. Then they started moving in what I can only describe as perfect triangular patterns. All of them. One or two at a time. Some were slower than others and some faster, some were really a lot faster than others then they would slow and match the speed of others. Others would speed up and the faster ones would slow down... then all of them seemed to move in triangular patterns at the same speed but moving to different areas of the sky.(( OK this might confuse some people but I am going to try to explain this part as best I can )) When they moved in triangular patterns the objects would be stationary for a few seconds and move at what looked like a forty five degree angle hold it for a second move back to the position it started at then move in a forty five degree angle in the opposite direction then some times return to the starting position or move to the left or right but they were very precise in where they moved no matter what pattern they made.It would move to the exact spot it started at and then reverse the entire action and move into the three points of a triangle and then reverse it back on its self.((((( all had moved to the area where we could see really well. The two that were behind us moved across the sky and joined the rest of the objects in front of us. Then the smaller ones started to merge into one but they were still several moving in triangular patterns. Then one larger round object moved across the path of all the others, about five or ten times the size of the smaller objects and all the smaller objects kind of danced in ,out, and around the larger object then one by one or some times 2 or 3 objects from different directions seemed to merge with the larger object.when all the smaller objects merged with the larger one it sat motionless for 30 to 60 seconds glowing bright then dimmer then bright and moved (shot for the lack of a better word) straight up out of sight.... not a sound was made during any of this and in the woods something always makes noise crickets,cows,dogs,far off cars and trucks ,etc...... but during this, no sounds where made by anything you could hear a pin drop .....when this was over the adults talked among themselves about what they had seen then for a week or so it was like they all forgot it happened but never told anyone outside of the family I guess they thought people would not believe them or they were crazy or strange but it did happen just as I explained....I am a retired Law Enforcement Officer not at any time was I scared during or after this happened....you might be asking yourself how do you remember this after all these years,,,Its simple really....that one incident imprinted on my young mind that we are not alone !!!!! I also served in the army for 6 years in the jungles of South America Ive had an above Top Secret Clearance in the military and to this day I have never known what that was that night but it was an amazing time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
