{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94281","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5466430.json","updb_database_id":5466430}
Group of up to 10 star-looking objects moving together while beaming between them

Here's what just happened. I was in my house's balcony talking on the phone with a friend of mine, I usually go there at night, since I like to just relax in the dark listening to some music and look up at the sky. Now, because I was on the phone, I wasn't paying too much attention to the sky and the few times I actually looked at it I couldn't see many stars due to the clarity of the moon this night. From where I was, I couldn't see the moon, my back was facing it plus, the roof of my house would cover it a bit, but still, the amount of light it reflected was enough to 'cover' some of the light of the starts in the sky.
Anyway, at one point of the conversation, I looked at the sky and just focused my attention on the most radiant thing in the area I was looking at. I usually do this to figure out what am I looking at, is it a plane? Is it a satellite? Is it just a star? At first it looked like a star, its color was like any other, except it was moving. Since there were no lights blinking it couldn't be a plane so I thought I was just lucky to 'pick' a satellite in the '1st try'.So I just moved onto the next light. And it was moving aswell. When I realised it, the 'stars' that I thought were in the area were actually not stars but rather some circular objects and were all flying next to each other in small groups in the same direction in a rather slow pace. Their flight path was a straight line and they would assume triangular formations between them and it looked like there were some kind of light beams connecting one to another. I was narrating everything as it was happening on the phone to my friend and I just couldn't believe what I was seeing. I look up at the sky so many times looking for something and there it was. Something I couldn't explain. I just stood there watching for like 10 seconds. Then I ran inside and called my sister to come and see but when she got there the lights were getting covered by the roof of our house and we lost sight of them. We went to the back of our house, but we didn't get to see them again. Either they got away from there or, as I mentioned before, the amount of light reflected by the moon was intense enough to make these lights almost imperceptible.
