{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-14 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37483","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5519430.json","updb_database_id":5519430}
Satellite-like points that zig-zagged and hovered, then orb or disk that cloaked

22:35 approx (main sighting). Sometimes I UFO-gaze out my front window. Thus...

About 21:30 to 22:00 or so, observed first one star-sized object, then about 15 mins later another, much clearer. Both seemed to zig-zag and hover in their N-S paths, but I thought the first one might have been a satellite at first because it was mostly obscured by trees. But the second one (which at one point was directly above me relative to the earth) I CLEARLY saw zig-zag and pause in place many times before moving on. As if wanting to make a point that it was not a "normal" object.

So 22:35 came, and I heard what at first I thought sounded like a distant airliner, but the sound became more humming and pulsated abnormally, not like the relatively constant sound of jet engines at all. So I positioned myself to get a clear view, and out from behind a tree came a white orbish thing, but it was so close I could have sworn it had disk-like morphology (it seemed to glow around the edges but was dark in the middle). When the craft was approximately 5-10 degrees west of the star Polaris (it was travelling to the north of me, west to east, straight line and no zig-zagging or hovering), the sound stopped altogether - another thing jet engines can't do, at least not if they don't want to fall out of the sky. It got steadily dimmer in approximately a 10 degree arc, until it disappeared from vision altogether, BEFORE it passed the tree line.

Ain't the first time I've seen weird stuff while UFO-gazing either, but didn't report the other incidents because they were a lot more ambiguous. I do seem to see a lot of weirdly shaped planes which make no sound and hover, as well as helicopters flying with no lights at NIGHT, 2 meters above the freaking ground. Not bothered to report because as of yet, no completely reliable method to tell holograms from actual human aircraft. I suppose it's worth mentioning I've witnessed and/or accidentally caught on camera at least 7 separate incidences of unidentified objects, and more than one sighting has been unambiguous enough to report to MUFON (though I only thought to report the red orb incident).
