{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80670","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5479430.json","updb_database_id":5479430}
Large Triangular Craft with 6 pinkish glowing lites Overhead

Large Triangular Craft with 5 pinkish glowing lites = approx 20 seconds

At approximately 12:30 am on September 22nd, 2014, I stepped out on the rear deck for some night air. I noticed 2 lights in the sky approaching from the North in a straight southerly direction. As the craft approached I was able to see a total of 5 lights that were swirling glowing pinkish white inside the domes of the light enclosures - 2 on each wing (1 @ front). The Craft was a very dark metal color (charcoal) and Triangular/Boomerang in shape. I could even see the raised ribbing on the wings. The nose of the craft had a somewhat rounded front. As it flew directly overhead I could see that the rear of the craft was bridged wing to wing approx. a quarter of the way down the wing span. It seemed to me that viewing from inside the craft could also be done looking in the opposite direction of travel as there were viewing panels at the rear. The craft made absolutely no sound whatsoever as it traveled directly over me and our backyard. I had a very good visual of the craft and had to lean over the deck to see the entire craft due to our covered deck portion on the south end of our home as it flew overhead across the boulevard - over the next row of houses until out of sight. The altitude of the craft was very low (a couple of hundred feet or less). It was larger than a military jet yet resembled the shape of a stealth bomber. My estimate of size is approx 100 feet wing to wing as I was directly underneath the center of it and one wing was over our backyard fence and the other would have reached past the front of our home. What struck me the most was the silence of the craft and the lights which seemed be electro-magnetic swirling/sparking inside each housing. I did not take my eyes off the craft during the entire time, then went inside and drew a picture of what I had seen. I continued to search the reports on the net for a very long time and continue to do so even today. And I did find someones graphic that depicts what I had seen almost identically. (attached)
