{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5480430.json","updb_database_id":5480430}
Nearly impossible to describe in 25 words!

Hi.

I am reporting from Karachi, Pakistan.
UFO sightings are norm here, me my sisters ,brother and mother we've seen UFO's of roughly six or seven types over the years , all in different shapes sizes and sometimes colours..it mostly happens at night ,but yesterday I spotted two different things, it was right after sunset it wasn't dark at all sun was down and yellow/orange light was still present, first a bright light with mother of pearl sheen to it swooped down from one end of the sky and disappeared after 2 or 3 seconds, it was nothing like I've ever seen.. After a while where it disappeared in the sky I saw wispy cloud in a shape of hawk.. While I was observing the cloud another yellow orb appears from my left and disappeared quickly.. People in Pakistan are pretty ignorant to these kind of things due to their religious beliefs, so we can say its a safe haven for UFOs...I've been contacted by a lot of "aliens'' in past few years and was taken by " Grey Aliens" all I can recall is me in a hospital like place , I was later taught by "Greys" the term "annunaki" as I mentioned people in my country have no clue about these things I was one of them , I shared the incident with my online american friends and they told me about annunakis ,later I received visitations from "reptilians" I was taken thrice by them, they showed me few things I cannot share here.. Everything stopped happening after an incident with illuminati... Cannot provide the details here, if anyone's interested from the website I will be glad to share all the information I have received in past four or five years ... Now I have started receiving visitations , visions and dreams of coming events ,you can say I am a medium but its on completely different level..
