{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-27 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5507430.json","updb_database_id":5507430}
{rjl}Huge transparent boomerang UFO flew down and over our house becoming solid and clearly visible as it passed overhead

We live in South Venice FL. On Thursday 26th September 2013 at 8.35pm and also on Friday 27th at 8.55pm we saw a strange craft flying in the night sky. My wife and I were sitting out in the Lanai by the pool enjoying the lovely evening. The sky was clear with no clouds and no Moonlight, except for one or two small planes from time to time and the odd high flying jet you always see. I saw the craft first before my wife, but she saw it too on both nights. A subtle movement in the NE night sky caught my eye, at first I thought it was a flock of geese flying in a v formation. When I looked at it I could see It was a large transparent boomerang v-shaped wing flying high against the starfield, but you could only see the edge of the craft distorting the stars as it moved around. If youve seen the film Predator, the crafts structure appeared like it was cloaked just like that. It was huge, the size of my 2 crossed thumbs together held at arms length. On the 1st night the craft was flying level and steady to the south of us moving NE to S across the sky. It was about 1000 ft up or maybe more, so we could clearly see it from the side and underneath as it passed to the SW of us. The craft was silent, and it appeared to be shimmering like water, it seemed like it was surrounded by a luminous fluid or gas, it looked like a force field that was protecting (?) the craft from the air as it flew forwards, the gas flowed over and under the wing like water and it distorted the light of the stars behind it as it flew forwards. We saw it for about 10 seconds before it flew out of sight over the roof of our house. Incredibly on the next night we saw the same thing again. It was high up in the sky in the NE but this time it flew towards us at extreme speed (took about 5 secs to travel the distance to us) and then slowed and flew more slowly when directly overhead and then over the house towards the Gulf. It looked like the same craft returning as the previous night. As it flew over the lanai/house for about 4 secs it became visible (uncloaked?) and it banked over like a plane would do before it disappeared from view over the house roof. It looked like it was showing off doing an intentional fly-by ! It was huge and so breathtakingly awesome, an absolutely beautiful ship at least a football field or two wide. It was silent (my wife heard a crackling noise like a bug zapper as it passed over), it was shiny dark-gray colored and had a blue/white stripe of light from wingtip to wingtip shaped like a drawn longbow. The shape was like a boomerang with tapered rounded wings and when it became visible more like a Manta ray without a tail. The crafts surface was hard to see clearly but was not flat/smooth and it had ridges and convolutions on the wings and wing tip edges which were curved and curled up. It had 2 large circle/sphere shapes under each wing which could have been lights but they werent lit. I was reluctant to report this as people will think were crazy, but we arent. Im a perfectly sane ex-Psychiatric Nurse. The dog saw/felt it too and went ape running around the Lanai barking at it the 2nd time. I was a sceptic, now Im most definitely not ! Unfortunately we didn't have a camera with us the 2nd time as we thought this was a once in a lifetime thing. I was wrong. Ive never witnessed anything like this before and it was definitely not an airplane/lenticular clouds/birds etc !
