{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5490430.json","updb_database_id":5490430}
{cak} saw several strange things starting by an observation from my window that led me outside

On August 5th 2015 I was looking out of my window when I observed what I thought was a bright star. It suddenly shot straight up in the sky with an extremely long tail behind it. I went outside with my girlfriend into my back yard and she proceeded to point in the tree where my dog is saying there was a light that looked like it was through it on the other side, which I then saw too. We saw it again and then heard a strange noise that sounded unlike anything either of us had ever heard before. Kind of like a cackle. We approached the area where my dog is and she came out of the doghouse and sat down,when suddenly she let out a yelp and we saw two bright orange light-like things by her side as she ran quickly in the other direction. We immediately ran back to the house because it was dark and we became terrified. I wanted another witness so we got a flashlight and woke my little brother up and went back outside again after trying to explain what we observed. As we walked back out through the yard and got close to the field, and a green-white light literally flew from behind us and went directly over my brothers head about ten feet above, and went into the tree where my dog is tied up. We were freaked out but we stayed to try and determine what exactly what was happening. I shined my flashlight out across through our neighbors back yard and we saw what appeared to be a small child out in the darkness that then ran behind a tree and hid. I turned off my light and suddenly we saw the same bright orange light-like things but there were several of them, some higher than others but all close to the ground in the brush and trees. They were like fiery eyes in pitch blackness without any lights to make a reflection it was very scary! We kept seeing child like shadows walking back and forth in the shadows of the trees and I know sometimes your eyes can play tricks on you but this was a very serious situation and three of us witnessed the same thing. Suddenly there was a crashing sound like someone running out of the brush towards us and my brother ran away and at the same time my girlfriend and I saw the same green-white light fly up and over another tree from that general direction and it swooped up then down and then went back upwards in a circular spiral direction before disappearing again. We decided it was time to go and when we started walking away we could hear what sounded like bear feet on the ground running so we hurried up and suddenly saw a child-like thing run along the edge of the cornfield very quickly and it freaked us out in the worst way! We ran down and closed the gate and at which point we heard the cackle sound in several different spots from where we were looking and it sounded like the communication of some otherworldly things then suddenly we heard a pulsating sound that was like something out of a scary movie and so we went to go back around front of the house and then there was a horrid suckling sound in the field out front and as we walked towards it we saw the same green-white light over our heads flying towards the sound before disappearing. It was literally about fifteen feet above us and we decided we had enough so we ran in the house. When I went back into my room I looked out the window where I initially saw the bright white light with a tail fly straight up, and I observed the bright fiery orange light-like things up by the edge of the field there were two of them and then they were gone. There's more to all of this but I wont add every single detail for the sake of lengthy novel. None of us slept that night because we were so scared and baffled by what we saw. I know this sounds like bullcrap, but out here in the country where we live there are some Erie happenings taking place that would make you sound like a fool trying to explain to someone. We haven't spoken about the incident but I've been constantly thinking about it and so I started looking on the internet, and I found this site. Even with this detailed description, I still feel uneasy and you'd literally have to see what the three of us saw in order to understand... Needless to say, we do NOT go outside in the dark around here anymore. Someone please shed some light on this strangeness, I'd love to hear a logical explanation for it.
