{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-17 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3800,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5462430.json","updb_database_id":5462430}
Bright white glowing object encircled with blue and red lights

I1m a Canadian wintering in Los de Marcos. I1m at a loss to describe what I witnessed last night at 2:30 am, but I1ll try to give you my best explanation.
I usually keep a fan in the bedroom on a low setting at night. One of my dogs must have pulled out the cord and I woke up because I was hot. 
I plugged the cord back in and walked out to the kitchen to get a cigarette and as I walked by the kitchen window my attention was quickly drawn to a very bright light out of the corner of my left eye.
I went to the front door and opened it to step outside for a better look. There was an object in the sky that appeared to be throbbing or twinkling.
I ran back in the kitchen to get my glasses and went back outside. The object was in perfect focus and clear as a bell.
I stood there awe struck to say it mildly. It was so bright, a circular structure with a ring of blue and red lights around its circumference that sort of throbbed or trickled.
It just hovered there in the sky slightly blinking or glowing. Up to the left in the sky I could see the full moon.
As I turned back to the thing I was watching, two lights quickly shot out from the object on either side... one blue to the left, one red to the right. The lights then quickly moved up and down about five times on the sides of the object and quickly returned to the object.
I started crying and shaking. I had been watching this thing in the sky for about five minutes by this time. I wanted to run back in the bedroom to wake my partner but I couldn1t move. I was almost in a state of shock thinking if I leave I might loose it.
As I continued to watch it, it moved slightly on an angle exposing its underside where I think I saw beams or girder type structures in a wheel shape on its underside.
It righted itself and suddenly the blue and red lights shot out of the sides again going quickly up and down like it did in the first instance
before returning to the object.
I kept staring at it afraid to take my eyes off it. After about ten minutes it started to slowing move away from its place in the sky.
It seemed like it was pulling away not directly behind itself but slightly to the right and continued to pull back or something. I watched it until it disappeared into the night.
By this time approximately 20 minutes had passed and I just stood on the steps questioning what I just experienced. I waited to see if it returned but it didn1t and I went back in the kitchen. It was 3 am at that time.
This morning I told my partner and showed him where in the sky I saw the object. I don1t know how to determine depth or size from a distance but he told me the tree I was pointing out to be below the object was about 300 ft. from our front door.
So at that distance I would say the object above it was the size of a 10 peso piece.
Sir, no one on God1s green earth will ever convince me that what I saw last night was Venus, Mars, electrical activity or swamp gas. I know what I witnessed and it will stay with me for the rest of my life.
I will be watching tonight to see if it comes back.
Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.

 

Sent from my iPad
