{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-22 13:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3196,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5502430.json","updb_database_id":5502430}
{rjl} did not see the ufo

On Thursday 22, May 2014 1:30 pm In Phoenix Arizona.

The first part happened in about one minute.

I was mowing my lawn and when coming up to the west block wall to make a turn i noticed that there was an energetic change in the atmosphere immediately around me, then it became difficult to see the wall, there was something like a mirage in front of me. Then i sensed an acute increase in this energy around me and i thought to myself "There is something wrong with me maybe i'm having a stroke".

Second part. 1-2 min

I was greatly worried and noticed that i had a thought that this was familiar like i had been through this before and then i started feeling panicky and went to turn the mower around and as i did then it hit me "im being abducted again". Fight or Flight kicked in when i saw the being 4 feet in front of me semi transparent holding something. I tried to ram him with the lawnmower but i was paralyzed - stuck - helpless. The thing he was holding flashed and i was then unconscious.

Third part. 

I felt like i was dropping, yet still unconscious and when i could open my eyes i was on my bed in all of my dirty clothes with my shoes on. 
IT WAS 5:30pm.

Forth part.

My right arm was hurting so i looked and had a big bruise on my shoulder.
Now at this point my memory was fuzzy and did not know what happened to me.
I went outside and saw that the lawn was not finished and there were grass clippings all over the porch and the mower was in the middle of the porch. I never leave things this way. 

I was woozy and perplexed. I sat outside until 2:am wondering what happened to me and why are things this way. I was so dismayed i could not sleep. Finally i did, and at 4:30 am I woke up in a panic because the memories came flooding back to me from the back yard. So i got a pen and paper and wrote the event down. Now i call this an abduction because since i was 5 yrs of age i have had night time abductions. My first experience at five i received 2 scoop marks on my right arm and have the scars to this day.
I don't ever remember any daytime events before this.This has scarred me to death. There is something more benign about night abductions. Being taken away in the middle of the day while completely conscious. No paralysis and obviously against my will is new to me and i want to know if this has happened to anyone else.
