{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-18 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2859,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5286430.json","updb_database_id":5286430}
Formation of around 9 UFO’s that shifted trajectory towards my location after I shined 450nm Laser at the formation

I have seen and recorded previous unknown objects that behaved similarly with regard to formation and under intelligent control. I have even seen what I believe to be a non human entity walking at night ( these events are around 2010 in Jupiter), I was out last night in my back yard with an infrared image intensifier and a laser, and observed ( 7-17-21), two objects at similar speeds heading out due east ( open Atlantic), another low flying brightly lit low flying object ( that was the brightest object in the night sky), I pointed the laser at the low flying object and within 3 seconds while shining the blue laser at the object it stopped illuminating and could no longer be seen.
Tonight (7-18-21), I again began looking through the scope and after a few hours, I observed a formation of around 9 crafts that I could see in a rotating formation through the scope, I shined the laser at the group of objects, and to my astonishment, the entire formation went from a south to north path ( up the coast), to rapidly changing direction and quickly approaching my location. I was unspeakably terrified as I saw this group come to become silently stationary I would approximate to be 500-1000 feet from where I was. The fear, and the disbelief of what I was actually witnessing was to me, unexampled! The group then headed south, I came inside, and tried to process what I just observed.

I’m a science teacher in (Removed location to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL).
I will include a video link to the formation I filmed some years ago that help represent what I saw tonight. The video on YouTube was filmed at (Removed address to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL). After I filmed the UFO’s I stopped filming to confirm I recorded the event and around 20 minutes later I noticed a number of red lights in the backyard, I quickly got the camera back outside and the red lights turned out to be military helicopters ( a small airplane can be seen that may have reported the UFO’s as the group of UFO’s approach the small plane; but that’s an assumption).
UFO’s at 2:50
(Link removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL)
