{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5478430.json","updb_database_id":5478430}
{jpg} New Years Eve night, 4 witnesses saw amber lights flying 2 at a time following same path and disappear above our heads. I personally saw 7 lights total.

On New Years eve at approximately 12:30 am my family and I were celebrating the ending of 2016 and beginning of 2017. We were barbecuing and drinking outside on the front porch. My adult nephew asked out loud " Hey, what are those lights up there?" "They're coming this way." I walked out on the sidewalk to see and I saw an amber light quietly, slowly, and steadily, passing over head and I asked my adult daughter to video it with her phone. It began to fade out and then disappeared. As I turned to the direction that it came from I saw 2 more lights coming in our direction. Same color, size, path, and speed. I asked my daughter to video them also. she did but she did not have too much space on her phone so when those faded out approximately in the same place as the first one she stopped recording. That wasn't it because we saw 2 more appear about 2 blocks away, It was a cloudy night and the lights just appeared below the clouds and come straight down our street again, same routine. She began recording again, by this time we were all excited not to mention tipsy. We had quite a bit of fireworks going off in the neighborhood that night but not on our block. You can hear some in the video in the background. But what we saw was definitely NOT fireworks. Then we saw the last 2 lights appear and begin coming down the same path, by this time we couldn't believe what we were seeing. They all came down our street with absolutely no sound. They were the same color and as soon as the first pair would disappear the next two would appear a couple of blocks away. We didn't feel frightened or anything like that, just in awe. By the time the last two were going over us we were waving at them and wishing them a Happy New Year.
On the 3rd of January I saw that another Houstonian family celebrating the same night also saw and recorded video of what looks to me to be the same lights but their sighting was a little different as they saw more than 2 at a time. I also began searching YouTube to see if I could find any other Houston sightings and I happened upon a video that was shot on New Years of 2013. They also looked like the same type of lights. So I'm not sure what is going on but I am sure that these lights were not planes or helicopters, drones or lanterns and definitely not fireworks.
