{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-11 02:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288430","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3554,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/430/mufon-5288430.json","updb_database_id":5288430}
{object fell from the edge of space and right in front of us the object stopped on a dime, got brighter then the sun, appeared to grow} not enough space to leave description besides saying We witnessed craft travel speed of light. - {djs}

We were sailing on Lake Michigan and we were up top on watch (making sure freighters don't slip out of their shipping lanes). Water was black, no light pollution, stars were plentiful, could watch space station and satellites orbit the earth, It was cold on the lake as it was 2nd week of September 2011. We were heading N , Michigan was at our backs . We were almost going to make the turn heading east in the near future. As we were trying to stay warm, both listening to our iPods . Out of nowhere an object fell from the edge os space where we were watching and right in front of us the object stopped on a dime, started to get brighter then the sun and appeared to grow, Then just like in Star Trek a light beam shot due west ( It is truly unimaginable how far you can see when the sky is black) and this object travelled in less then a blink of an eye to deep space heading west in the straightest line . It appeared that I saw the light start from the west as it had traveled so fast. The straight line in which it traveled was insanely straight. The light then started to dissipate across the sky. Speed of light travel is absolutely possible . It took longer for the light to dissipate then for the object to grow bright as sun and disappear. the light particle trail took 30-45 seconds until it dissipated as it headed west ... It took us another 30-45 seconds before either one of us could move or say wtf was that? We both witnessed something not many people have and I have replayed this in my head tens of thousands of times since and it is pretty much on my brain all day all night every day ! EVERY single day! over and over... I have watched just about every ufo documentary since (over and over) and read as much as I can as I don't care what people think I KNOW what I saw and it is impossible according to our knowledge and understanding of physics... It is so vividly clear in my head I could recreate it on paper, It pisses me off that neither one of us shot video . We were too awestruck and it happened so fast we didn't even think about trying. I really wish I started to video when the object appeared to get as bright as the sun . We had ZERO clue as to what was happening The conditions could not have been more perfect to witness this. Being on a Great Lake made the whole sky unbelievably clear. I also have 20/10 vision not that it matters as anyone who was near would been able to see this so clearly. I only wish humanity could've witnessed this along with us. This would've been the greatest ufo video all time and would leave zero doubt of the possibilities . I may have technical data from the gps from the navigation station , that will only show where we were ... Intelligent life is real!
