{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-04-11 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5503937.json","updb_database_id":5503937}
{kt}Daytime black triangle three witness with psychological imprint on one

I was traveling to school with my mother and younger sister in April of '99 when We came to the stop sign at the end of our neighborhood road. I noticed in the east at about 35-40 degrees, an extremely bright star was pulsating. I pointed this out to my mother and sister and we watched for approximately 30 seconds. (The "star" I'm referring to is always in the sky in the spring and fall. It is brightly lit and stays visible long after the sun washes out the night sky). Then, randomly another light dropped down from the original and stood stationary for a second. The second light from our viewpoint, circled the first with great speed 3 times then immediately zoomed over head of some power lines to the right of the vehicle. I felt a sudden panic and then calmness washed over me. The panic I felt seemed to disappear and if I had a camera at the time, I wouldn't of been able to photograph it. We all in a stupor observed a black triangle at about 300ft in the air, sit stationary without making a noise. There were 4 lights on the bottom of the craft. Three pulsating, color changing lights on each corner of the triangle and one red light in the center. The corner lights changed from red to orange to yellow and back repeatedly for about 3 minutes. As the sun was rising, we all had a very good daytime view of the object. Then it accelerated to a ridiculous amount of speed very, very quickly out to the west. The object did not change direction from its origin to its leaving. This event especially had an impact on me. I have been fearful of things I could not logically make sense of. I am not superstitious, religious, spiritual, or mentally ill in anyway. Although this day has given me countless nightmares and obviously had a psycological impact on me. I had an immense feeling that this craft knew we were watching it. I can remember looking at my mother and sister staring at it frozen, unable to move although I could. As if time had stopped for a second and then seemingly fast forwarded back. This happened for a good thirty seconds. My mother has seen "ufo"s before in close proximity so she says. I have no choice but to believe this craft had a consciousness to it and was not built by humans as there is no logical way occupants could survive the maneuvers I witnessed. My research has shown based on the descriptions, the Belgian Triangle Ufo's are the same craft. As well as numerous reports around the U.S. in the mid to late 90's.
