{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-11 18:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3174,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5512937.json","updb_database_id":5512937}
{dr}Hovering object w/yelloworange lights

I was driving home on Friday, January 11, 2013 along hwy 330 near the town of Molina, CO. I was heading NE when the object appeared in the sky. I first thought it was an airplane or a helicopter; however, after driving towards it for approx a 1/4 mile it did not change positions. The way it just appeared is what caught my attention. It did not descend out of the clouds, it just sort of appeared. I had my 17yr old daughter in the vehicle with me. She also saw the object. I could not keep my eyes off the road for long, but every glance I got at it only made me certain that it was not moving, and I was only driving 40mph as the roads in my area tend to be icy. As I got closer to the object I noticed the center lights, on what appeared to be a light bar type light, were flashing. They were a yellow/orange shade and reminded me of hazard lights. The object itself was square shaped, as far as I could tell it was a grayish color, kinda like pewter, and it was not shiny, but dull. It did not move at all, it was completely stationary. I think that is what really caught my attention. If it had been an airplane or helicopter it would have moved. I mean even when a chopper hovers there is movement, it kinda bobs up and down. This object did neither, if it hadnt been up in the sky I would have thought it was sitting on solid ground. If there was any movement it was too slight for me to see at the distance I was from it. I was able to catch a long enough look to see that there were no discernible moving parts; ie: rotors, propellers or tail rotors. The lights were in the wrong place for any aircraft I am familiar with. I drove for approx 2 miles before loosing sight of it around a curve.To be perfectly honest I was a bit frightened by it, as well as a little excited to have seen something so completely inexpiable! I have never felt compelled to report other sightings I have had, because I felt those were explainable, they were tricks of light or something. This was a truly unique experience, that object made no sense to me! I think the only reason that I am reporting it now is because a friend of mine saw the same object a day before I did, but she did not mention it to me until after I had seen the object. She described the exact same thing!  I am hoping to see it again and have had a camera with me ever since. If I am lucky enough to see it again I hope I can get a good picture of it! I don't know if anyone other than myself, my daughter, and my friend saw the object, but maybe someone out there knows what it is.
