{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-29 17:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2792,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5283937.json","updb_database_id":5283937}
Walked out of workshop with my dog. Waiting on dog to do her business and seen the object.

Walked out of my shop/shed with my dog just after 5pm. The dog went into the grass to do her business. While I waited on the dog, I seen a shiny white/silver star-like object to the North over the our house. At first I thought it was a star. It took me a few seconds to realize that it was cloudy and I could feel sprinkles of rain/mist on my face. I looked around and could see a couple stars to the west where there were broken clouds and thought I could be seeing it through an opening in the clouds. Then I noticed it looked like it was moving very slowly towards my direction to the South. As it came closer I could see that it looked like it was a spinning flickering cube(fish) sphere. It had very slight color changes at times. That is when I began to take video of it with my phone. As it hovered slowly N to S, it seemed to stop for a few seconds, then continued S for a little bit. Then it curved slowly to the East for just a few. Then it traveled North East until it went past the mountain tree line. I tried to get our house in the video as reference, but it was fairly dark already at the time. But it can somewhat be seen along with a plastic covered garden bed that is next to the house. I tried to take note of as much as I could think of at the time. The object was most definitely lower than the cloud levels. Also in the video, fans in the shop can be heard. They seem loud, but they are not. Just happens the phone picked them up. Some of that sound is the ocean. It is not very far away and can be heard also. The object did not make any sound at all that I could tell. A vehicle drove by that can be heard in the video too. The road is about 1.7acre away. Where we live is extremely quiet. I measured the distance from where I stood to the house -21feet. The angle looking over the house to where the object was, varies from 50 to 75 degrees. I will include a day video for better reference.
