{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-10-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2947,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5528937.json","updb_database_id":5528937}
dancing lights of different colors

I was *(Wit's job info deleted--CMS/sg) on halloween night. this night my wife was at work with me and we were sitting listening to coast to coast on the radio. she called to my attention a dancing star like thing in the sky. The lights seemed to be very bright coming off of the thing. It appeared to be the same altitude as most airliners usually travel. The thing stayed in one spot in the sky in the direction of oak ridge. I am not sure exactly what direction that would be in. This thing appeared to bounce up and down real fast and from side to side I remember once that it was making several large figure eights. I called one of my **(Info deleted--CMS/sg) that was working in oak ridge and gave him a general direction to look and he seen what i was seeing as well. But he had brought to my attention that there was more than one of these there were about 5 of them spread across the sky in a direct line doing the same thing. The thing appeared to be made up of red green and amber lights, but i could not make out any details of the crafts. the other lights that he had pointed out were just white with the center being multicolored. A good way in describing the movement would be to watch the director of a symphony, the tip of his wand with a light on it and that is all you could see. would look a lot like what we saw. Two weeks later, one of my other fellow employees was working just east of where i was that night, was guarding the construction of a new subdivision and called me scared to death, she had seen a light coming down the side of a mountain in the valley she was working in, all she could hear was the wind, and a perfect circle of light was coming toward her(she described to me looked like a searchlight on a helicopter) but there was nothing there to be making the light. During my incident me and my wife had this eerie feeling of being watched but no missing time, except for my wife had dozed off and had a nightmare that creatures were trying to get in the car, but i was awake the whole time watching this thing. Now being three years later i still have nightmares of walking outside looking up and seeing this, and or running away from it.

could someone please get in touch with me and try to give me a good explanation of what this was or if others have witnessed the same thing.
