{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-05 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56045","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5502937.json","updb_database_id":5502937}
{nd} Pair of rows of multicolored lights, perfectly stationary.

I had gone outside to let our dogs out. While out there I caught a glimpse of something moving in the sky. Looking up I saw it was what appeared to be normal commercial air traffic. My house sits along the flight path of a few of the airports,Lakeland/Tampa/Orlando, so seeing planes both day and night are a normal occurrence. As the plane flew off in the distance I happened to see what at first appeared to be another plane headed towards me, the strange part was that it was headed 90 degrees from the normal flight paths I see every day. My first thoughts were it was a plane as I saw red and green lights, but also white and blue and yellow. And I was seeing them head on, like said, as if the plane was headed towards me. 

Then it dawned on me, the lights were moving yet the "plane" wasn't. What I was seeing was the lights in random order moving right to left, and changing intensity as they did. They would go from dim to bright or flash bright and then dim, at the same time they were moving right to left. And it was all of the lights that moved. These lights did not follow a sequence as I would have expected. They would flash, I guess is the best description, anywhere in their horizontal movement, sometimes all the way on the right or left, sometimes in the middle, or even in between the line they were on.
I'm very failure with aviation, and this was not normal NAV lamps/strobes/landing lamps on an aircraft. The lights were in a horizontal line, not staggered like on an aircraft.And there was a glow of yellow/white light behind all of the lights.

And like said, what ever it was didn't move, it was planted in one spot, not getting closer or further away, nor moving up or down. I started using visible landmarks to confirm it wasn't moving in the sky. While doing so I noted that it was not alone. There was a second one off to the right and above it, and was either smaller or further away. Similar moving lights, yet an unmoving craft. Distance/size is hard to tell at night. From my viewpoint the first was around the size of a basketball in diameter, the other more closer to a tennis ball. Neither had a visible shape/structure other then the glow of light behind the row of moving lights.

I watched both for close to a half hour, comparing them to the stars, and other aircraft in the sky. The lights were not anything like any of the other airplanes I saw, nor were they like the light from the stars. And neither moved from it's spot in the sky. The viewing angle I had eliminated any ground source, nothing on the ground is that high, and even a helicopter or blimp can't just park in one spot in the sky for that long.  And when they left it was like someone just turned off a light switch. They both just blinked off.
No lights, nothing, I searched the sky to see if they had moved but couldn't see anything except the stars in the sky and one obvious aircraft.
I heard no sounds at all from either "craft" while I observed them.

Funny while typing this I realized that both my dogs went in the house when this occurred, normally they stay outside with me. Also I honestly don't remember hearing any other sounds while viewing these things. No neighborhood noises, and even some of the true aircraft I saw at the same time did not make a sound.
