{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-28 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5520937.json","updb_database_id":5520937}
Craft in the Sky above San Juan 1/28/2012 rotating lights, spinning and hovering

My friends and I were outside on our terrace having dinner. It was around 9 ish. Something caught the corner of my eye in the sky towards old san juan and the islet. That is the direction planes usually begin their approach into san juan, so my first thought was it must have been a plane.

Then it just stopped in mid air. I guess that is how you describe it. It was no longer moving. It, at first appeared to be a orange light(to me it looked like a flame) that was wavering like in a breeze. 
All of a sudden there were between 4-12 same sized lights, color and shape and they were going in a circle. Spinning, or rotating like a slow spin top. I started screaming (hah) because it caught me of guard. I yelled at all my dinner party to look. 
We all got up and ran over to the ledge of the terrace to look out over the ocean. It was doing that spin, rotate of lights slowly without moving in the sky. Then the first helicopter came. It flew underneath it at which point the craft became one light and blinked bright (pulsated) in a very definitive manner. The helicopter continued to fulfill its circle path underneath, returning towards land.

Now, with the naked eye, you could PLAINLY see this thing. It looked like a saucer, AND I HATE TO SAY THAT. It would hover and fly back in a straight line inland and come back out again and do weird light and shape changes over the islet. It seemed to all of us that were watching like it was trying to get everyone's attention. Every time a helicopter would come (3 times total) and circle it, it would blink! THIS WAS EXCITING, and scary and I got it on my camera phone. I was completely blubbering trying to describe what my eyes saw but the camera could not. 

  At one point, you could see its reflection off of the cloud ( like the light was reflective) and there appeared a red light on top of a disk thingy with rotating lights on the bottom. That sight freaked us so bad we could watch anymore and went down stairs. we watched for 20 min. I was actually major freaked out.
It was on a flight path because it would hover , do that weird light change, angle, then go froward into the city, then we would see it coming back, same level but out towards ocean. It changed shape(?) lights went a weird faded red and it looked like it split apart then it flashed white/orange and it looked like a hamburger type shape. I CANT DESCRIBE IT ANY BETTER-literally picture a hamburger and a saucer in your head--that's what it looked like. I weirded out everyone of my fellow dinner party because i was screaming with excitement and fear and wanted to get as much on camera as I could. Honestly, after 20 minutes and it didn't leave, we all became uncomfortable and went home.
