{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36685","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2883,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5519937.json","updb_database_id":5519937}
Strange lights appeared. Were stationary at times, moved intelligibly. Never more than three at one time.

It was New Years Eve when a friend and I met at a mutual friends house to spend some time together. My friends house is in Redington Beach, its right on the water. Its not unusual for us to got kayaking in the intercostal, so that is what we did.

The three of us had been in the water for a good twenty minutes before anything unusual had happened. I briefly saw an unusual red/orange light moving quickly and low to the horrizon, but it was hard to follow due to trees and houses that blocked my view. I immediately thought it was a UFO. This is due to the fact that the friends I was with frequently discuss UFO and Extraterrestrial related topics with me. I joked that I saw a UFO, but nobody paid much attention to me. Just as soon as I had forgotten about the red light, we rounded the edge of a man-made bit of land and beheld three red/orange lights to the North. They were completely stationary and not in any symmetrical formation. We all thought the same thing: UFOs. The lights dimmed one by one. Within seconds, two of the lights were spotted in the opposite direction. They were higher in the sky and significantly further away. One was stationary while the second one started to move towards it from the right. The light that was moving began to circle around the stationary one. We stared in awe for twenty minutes or so before kayaking home. 

For the next hour and forty minutes, we watched red/orange lights appear and disappear from all directions. There were never more than three in the sky at once. They rarely moved in a straight line. They were mostly stationary, but occasionally moved in zig-zags or curves. They moved slowly, but would change speed slightly. Over time, we began to notice that when one dimmed, another would takes its place somewhere else in the sky. This led to a hypothesis that they were teleporting to other positions in the sky. We tried to take photographs, but they were just too far away. At one point, we used binoculars to try and make out a shape. There was definitely some sort of shape that was producing the red/orange light, but it was dark and difficult to make out. Before midnight, we stopped seeing the red lights.
