{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-14 19:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5511937.json","updb_database_id":5511937}
{nd} Anomalous speed changes of object resembling a cruise ships lights apparently on sea or between observer and sea at night

The Slipper Ship of Hamakua

DATE: 130314
Time: ~1933 1 1936
Duration: 3-5 minutes
Location: offshore, Hamakua coast off Umauma Gulch, Hawaii island, HI 96710
Range: about 2 1 4 km
Weather:
Cloudy, no precipitation within at least an hour b4 and after 
T = 21.2 C. Humidity ~75%
Wind: Calm, sight variable breeze
Sea: no warnings issued
No Moon

Observer: REDACTED
State of consciousness: Alert, clear- headed, balanced, awake for several hours, rested and fed.

Sitting inside my home with a panoramic view of the night sea, I finished watching video, and then I looked up and noticed two objects that appeared like the cruise ships that periodically travel north and south along the Hamakua coast of the big island of Hawaii. This is the first time I1ve spotted two cruise ships at once. As usual, I immediately shut off the lights and began to watch. When the ships pass by in the night, the deck lights are beautiful. I stood by a large picture windows and opened it, looking thru the screen, smelling the warm Hawaiian night air, and listening for the sound of the ship engines, which are usually audible, but not in this case. As I waited for my eyes to adjust, usually 5- 7 min, I felt regret as I determined that the northern most ship was heading north, and would soon be obscured by the Eucalyptus trees that framed my 120 degree sea view to the north. (my left.) The other ship was closer and near the southern end of my sea view. (my right.) I assumed it was moving southward, and that the two ships had already passed in the night. I focused my attention on the left ship, which had more lights than the ship on the right. It gradually moved, northward, taking about 30 sec to its move behind the trees, its lights twinkling thru them for a bit. This was a familiar sight, having watched many cruise ships pass at night during the preceding 5 months. I shifted my attention to the ship on the right, and noted that it was indeed moving very slowly southward, already partially obscured by the bamboo stand that marks the rightmost limit of the sea panorama.
I had been observing for about two minutes by this time. 
As I gazed directly at the remaining ship, I thought of the days1 events, associated memories, etc, and the beauty of the cruise ships.
Without warning, no noise or other change in the environment, I observed the ship suddenly slide out of site just behind the bamboo stand, stopping with its lights twinkling thru the bamboo. This took about 1 of a second. I snapped to intent alertness, and moved to another window in hope to regain a clear view or the object. No luck. Twinkling thru the bamboo,the object resumed its cruise-ship-like slow, even progress to the south. During the next 20 seconds, I performed several internal and external process checks to determine that I was awake, alert, sane, and that my time sense and physical body were intact and normally operating. I expected to find dizziness, fatigue or dream like feelings, instead, I remained a high-functioning observer. My heart rate increased as I began to collect and record environmental data. I had a distinct impression that the object had dodged behind the bushes to hide from me. Also wanted to hop in the car and chase it, but I did not. 

For the rest of the evening I frequently looked in that direction, and had a difficult time accepting the mystery. The next day I immediately was drawn to gaze at that spot upon awakening.

Finding this an amazing and durable memory, I mentioned it to a friend that day, thus eliciting a separate sighting of a similar object from him. Report of his sighting follows.

NOTE- MUFON report forms do not handle sea based sightings very well, and do not include speed changes without course change.
