{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-29 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5498937.json","updb_database_id":5498937}
{cak} It was in a formation like geese but much much bigger and it was glowing like a bunch of light bulbs but really big

I was in my back yard laying in my chair listening to my head phones smoking. I was star gazing. Im not one to talk like this, but it was late and I noticed a jet tail I thought from the east, the thing was it was only a piece of one. I literally was only out there for half my song when out of nowhere, literally a formation appeared right out of thin air it was like a geese formation. At first I couldn't believe my eyes. Iv never seen anything like it. I started screaming at my friend to look at it. She was on the phone and came out and she seen it to. Shes in denial she says they were ducks. Ducks do not glow. It kept disappearing then reappeared a little further away. I think I was in shock I didn't feel scared. All i could do is stand out there in disbelief. I always thought people were off there rockers hearing about ufo encounters, that is until tonight. It scares me to think something so big and out of place is going un noticed. It makes me question life? I mean has this really been going on?? At the time of the sighting all i could think about it is to have someone else see it to . My friend says it scared her to think about it ,but she did see it. She says she doesn't know what she saw but she saw something. That it some weird way made me feel less crazy. The object just disappeared. It was so big, something that big should make some sort of noise and not be able to just freaking disappear. I went back out there and sat for an hour after the incident just to get some kind of confirmation or catch it on film but I seen nothing more. This whole thing is just crazy. I cant believe Im even on this site filling a report. But her I am because it was real and Im sane as cane be with a good head on my shoulder and I want it to be documented. You never know if others seen it and were to shy to say what they seen. so this is to those who seen it, I seen it too and your not crazy. I could sketch it. I think it will forever be embedded in my mind. My first sighting ever and hopefully my last.
