{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-31 13:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13444","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5547937.json","updb_database_id":5547937}
Irregular pulsating light, slow moving

Time: Appx. 1:40 - 1:47 pm, Arizona time (No DST), Friday, Oct. 31, 2008

Weather: Warm, mostly sunny, clouds on the horizons, bulk of middle sky clear.

Eye witness location: West Sedona, Az., near the Safeway grocery.

UFO location: 

Starting point: Flying, north of West Sedona, perhaps slightly northwest.

Altitude: Layman's guess, at least 1000 feet, but perhaps a few miles or more depending on actual size of craft.

Direction of travel: Appx. east/northeast at first, and then began to move to the north. Towards the end, it appeared to come back south a bit.

Speed: Very, very slow. Even the local tourist bi-planes fly faster. This could be equated to a bi-plane seen way, way off in the distance.

At approximately 1:40 pm, I looked up from where I was sitting outside, to see a black hawk of some kind, flying maybe 50 feet up. As I admired the bird, and followed its' flight, it led me to this unknown object in the sky.

My first inclination was that it was a large piece of paper trash, such as a sheet of newspaper, that had been kicked up by the winds, as does happen sometimes.

It did not, and never did at any point appear to be like any kind of plane I have ever seen, although I kept a close eye on it, trying to look for signs that it might be a plane.

The physical size was perhaps that of a medium altitude jet. For comparison, the highest flying jets appear to me to be pinpoints of light in the sky, while with the low flying ones you are able to make out wings, tail, engines, ect. This was too small to make out details, but significantly bigger than the 'pinpoints of light'.

The reason why I thought it was a piece of trash at first, was because of its' erratic pulsating light that it emitted or reflected. It was immediately apparent that this was not a plane, helicopter, balloon, or any other kind of man-made flying object. It immediately reminded me of the thousand other times in my life where I've seen newspapers and other trash blown high up by the wind.

I at first assumed that the sun light was simply reflecting off of this piece of trash, and because the object was being 'blown around', and possibly changing shape, as a sheet of newspaper would, it would explain the erratic pulses of light coming from it.

However, as I continued to watch, my curiosity grew, as this began behaving less like a piece of trash, and more like a controlled object.

Its' flight path was stable, moving laterally across my vision, and its' speed and altitude appeared steady. The flight path of blown trash is usually very erratic, while this object sustained its first path for at least 3-5 minutes, before switching to the northerly path.

At this point, I began to quickly rule out the 'trash' theory, and moved on to the 'large white bird' theory.  A large white bird, with shifting wing angles, might explain the pulsating light, and the very slow speed. But are there any large, white birds in Arizona? At the time of writing this, I do not know, but I've certainly never seen any before now.

There are plenty of the black 'hawks' that fly around, like the one that led me to this UFO. And as this UFO was fairly high up, it would have to at least be the size of one of these hawks.

This black hawk that led me to the UFO, seemed to lead me to two other comparisons, almost as if it was trying to help me make this report!

The next time I saw the hawk, it was probably 1000 feet up, or more, and it allowed me to compare the sizes between them.

The 3rd time, the hawk seemed to point out two other jets beginning to come across the sky. The first things I noticed were the contrails. I saw about 6 different jets around different parts of the sky over the next couple of minutes, and they all had contrails. The UFO did NOT have any form of contrail.

Now I will try to describe the pulsating light coming from the UFO. It did not appear to have a regular pattern to the pulse, however it could have, but I would have needed a video camera to determine that.

The pulsating light would actually completely extinguish regularly, so that the object could no longer be seen at all. This pulsing light was the only thing making the object visible for me. Now, this was in bright sunlight, so the object may not have been actually disappearing, just invisible to my eye when the reflectivity was low.

The pulsing of the light would 'switch on' in two different ways: 1) Quickly, like a flash, and 2) More slowly, kind of fading in, like a dimmer switch.

The light would remain on, for perhaps a half of a second, and then fade or flash back out, and out of my vision. The light never remained off for more than about half a second either. The pulsing was continuous. In fact, it quickly reminded me of the navy movies I've watched where morse code is flashed by submarine towers at night and in the fog.

As the object began to move north, it seemed to get a little bit smaller, as one would expect. But then it did appear to come back towards me for a bit at the end.

After I had watched it for appx. 7 minutes, I decided to run and get my video camera. When I came back out, however, I searched for 10 minutes and was unable to locate it.

This is probably the first bona fide UFO I've ever seen, and nothing else that I have ever seen, or heard described as normal by aviators fits what I saw today.
