{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-12 15:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469937","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3484,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/937/mufon-5469937.json","updb_database_id":5469937}
{jpg} unidentified objects over camp bullis

it was a nice day clear skies,so I decided to go for a hike near Camp Bullis. During that time before the hike I had been watching various YouTube videos about ufos..something ive always been interested in..anyway I had a strange feeling I would see something... a feeling that has since left me. So about halfway through the hike I came to a clearing I usually stop there and have a drink of water and a snack If I'm hungry. I decided to look up...maybe id see something..I clearly was not expecting to..but It had almost become a habit, and to my surprise as I did a reflection caught my eye. So I took my phone out and started to record.. it looked like two spheres that were circling but maintained the space between each other almost as if they were connected but separate if that makes any sense. If you can imagine holding a tiny metal bar with 2 basketballs stuck on each end and you just twirled the middle of the stick around that's the best way I could describe these 2 objects moving through the sky hovering. I didn't know what they were so I was talking a little bit through the video maybe they were weather balloon's.. I was going through different scenarios in my mind I had seen weather balloons before and these didn't look like they were.. I was trying to think of something that fit the description but I couldnt... Near the end of the video you can see and hear an airplane or some kind of jet pass below. After the jet passed I became the bit uneasy and I decided it was time to move on so I hiked the rest of the way about a mile...As I started looking over the video when I got home I noticed two other objects that were smaller and moving extremely fast. I screenshot these at 31 seconds and 44 seconds. If you look closely you can see these objects fly through extremely fast... I've had the video in my phone and I decided to send it to you guys.. I'm sure you have equipment that's better than my phone :) you can zoom in and adjust contrast or whatever you guys do to clear the picture and video up to make it easier to see anyway...that's pretty much it. hope the video is as interesting to you as It was to me. ps camp bullis Military Training Reservation is a U.S. Army training camp comprising 27,990 acres in Bexar County, Texas, USA, just northwest of San Antonio. Camp Bullis provides Base Operations Support and Training Support to Joint Base San Antonio. Wikipedia
