{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500549","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58550","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/549/mufon-5500549.json","updb_database_id":5500549}
{cak} Watched object ascend from wooded area. Took direct path towards our home and flew directly over our home. Boyfriend was also witness.

July 4th 2014 was a mild day. Not humid for a change. My boyfriend and I were home in bed at the time of the sighting (10:45pm). Since it was mild, I had the window open which is right at the head of our head. The community at large were setting off fireworks. I was on my stomach watching the (sparatic) fireworks from all directions when something different caught my eye. 
We live atop a hill overlooking the city of Parkesburg. There is a large wooded area visible from our window. It was there I noticed a reddish glow coming from that wooded area. I initially thought someone's fireworks caught the woods on fire. My boyfriend was about to fall asleep when I made him get up to help me figure out what I was viewing. 
It was then, the reddish color cast a glow on the treetops and began to change directions quickly. Almost in a zig zag pattern. The object began to move above the treetops but not much higher than the trees. As we discussed this, we began to freak out as the object was now flying directly toward our home. Initially, I wasn't scared. We just needed to find out what this thing was. We couldn't come up with any reasonable explanation for what this was, we couldn't even make a guess. Nothing we've ever seen would ever have changed direction like it did. Although, when we noticed it flying toward our home, it seemed to have a direct path and flew S-SW. 
It's rural here and that time of night there is no noise. As it flew closer and closer, we were amazed that it was going to fly right over our home. I quickly ran to the bathroom as it's flight pattern suggested it was going to fly over the side of our house. I quickly opened the bathroom window which is on the side of our home. It was then, it passed within 20feet of our tree on the side of the house. I could see approx 3 lights which were orange-ish/yellow. The lights seemed to be glowing from the inside. As if a candle was burning in front of a window. It appeared to have a dull appearance to the craft. Since the leaves are on the trees, I could only see portions of it. Although, while flying toward our home, it seemed to be almost round but it was dark and farther away at that time and cannot fully say for certain it was round. 
We lost sight of it when it flew just past the tree. A friend lives exactly 1 mile from here and in it's flight path. We tried calling him to see if he could run out and see what we saw. However, our cells phone wouldn't work. No tv either. Our clock was even blinking as if we lost power. However, if it was a power outage, it wouldn't explain why our phones wouldn't work. I never have problems getting a signal here or with them working.
My boyfriend and I do not understand what we saw. We have no reasonable explanation for it. After it was gone, I was scared. Simply because all of this made no logical sense to us.
