{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-23 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494549","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64919","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/549/mufon-5494549.json","updb_database_id":5494549}
{rjl} 9:15 p.m on April 23 while my daughter was waiting on me to join her in our hot tub, she saw strange, non blinking, star like lights, move in a straight line above in the sky. I thought she was exaggerating until I witnessed four of the same lights.

On April 23, 2015 my oldest daughter had been in our hot tub approximately 15 minutes waiting on me to join her. We live in a very rural area on a mountain without street lights, or other interference with the night sky so it is not rare that she and I sit in our hot tub with the lights off to gain a better view of the sky. This particular night, once I joined her, she said that she had seen the craziest looking lights in the sky. She said that they didn't blink like an air craft, or fall like a shooting star, but rather flew, in a straight line, about the speed of an airplane, only without sound. She said that she had first seen one, and like a minute later a second moving in the opposite direction. I dismissed her at first thinking it was a plane or a meteor. There had been a meteor shower that peeked two nights prior to this occurance, so I said that it was probably that and we should watch the sky to see if we may catch a late glimpse of the meteor shower. We sat there talking for only about 10 minutes watching the sky, and she smacked my arm and said, " mom there's one". It took a second to find it, but once I did, I was astonished at what I was watching. It did exactly what she said. It was moving a bit faster than what an air plane appears to move, it DID NOT blink, and it maintained a straight path and never wavered. We were watching this one and she said " see here comes the other one". Sure enough in the opposite direction another exact light, moving the exact way, was traveling through the sky. I watched the first one and she watched the second one until we could no longer see them. We layed back in the hot tub looking up in silence and in like a minute another one was moving across. Low and behold the second one, moving in the opposite direction, appeared. I witnessed this three times, my daughter four. So in total; I saw six lights, she saw eight. It went on for approximately 30 minutes and then when I finally got my husband to come out on our back deck to watch, they stopped.
