{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-20 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546549","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22078","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4272,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/549/mufon-5546549.json","updb_database_id":5546549}
Hovered, some type of contact, flew away.

Only my mom and I know about this, we have not shared this with anyone. I am a 44 year old police Sergeant with prior military service. I wanted to put this out there. I'm a cynical , skeptical person and would not believe in UFOs if I did not experience it myself. 

It was a warm Summer day and I was a 12 year old boy at the time. I used to walk about a half mile back to a pond on my grandpas farm to catch frogs and salamanders. As I was walking back home through the fields, the hair on the back of my neck stood up and I felt like someone was watching me. I could not hear any noise, but I noticed the birds and animals stopped their noises. I looked behind me and did not see anything. A voice inside of my head said "Look up". I looked up and noticed a metallic looking disc shaped saucer in the air. It was a perfect circle, had no lights and was a dull grey/silver color. It hovered about 200 feet directly over me as I stood there in a kind of shock. The disc was fairly small, maybe 30-35 feet from end to end.

The next thought in my head, which was what I can only guess now was some type of telepathy, was "Don't be afraid, we won't hurt you".

I felt a peculiar sensation for what seemed to be 10 seconds. I only felt the same thing years later. It was a vibration throughout my body. I went to a rock and roll concert where there were dozens of large speakers set up. I was in the front row right in front of the speakers and the vibration was quite similar, but with very loud music and this thing was silent.

This thing never emitted any noise, smoke, or flame. I broke out of my short trance as every hair in my body was on end. I ran through the fields and screamed for my mom who came running out into the back yard to see what was wrong. She looked at this saucer and her mouth just dropped open. Now here is the really interesting part that tells me this was definitely an alien craft. It hovered for 4-5 seconds near us.

It was still hovering but had risen to about 1000 feet by then; I never could discern a cockpit or bubble on top. Now we lived on top of a hill in the Hudson Valley at the following Lat/Long: 42 degrees 24'26.08"N and 74 degrees 03'18.62"W. This saucer, without ANY noise or smoke etc. shot off at an incredible speed over the Catskill Mountains. It was a clear day also. It flew over the mountains past Hunter/Windham in a straight line while ascending gradually to clear the mountain tops by about 1000 feet and disappeared at 42 degrees 19'49.40"N, and 74 degrees 14'25.06"W which is a distance I measured at about 12 miles with GoogleEarth (IN 3 SECONDS). This extrapolates to 4 miles a second or 14,800 MPH! I have been in the military and nothing we had, especially back then, could go anywhere near that fast. It takes the Shuttle almost a full orbit with 3 large fuel tanks to build up that kind of speed and I always heard sonic booms with military aircraft at Mach speeds. This thing was intelligent, fast, and not of this world. There were other sitings in the Hudson Valley in 76/77 but these were mostly odd hovering multi colored lights at night. I can't remember much else about the experience and I wish I could give you a better time frame. We told a few family members but no one believed us. My mom still lives up in New York but I have moved to Florida. I must say there is something out there and I went from a skeptic to a believer. I don't really want contact and am not looking for any attention. I just wanted to put it out there in case anyone had something similar happen to them. I always wondered what would have happened if I just stood there.
