{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-19 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502549","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/549/mufon-5502549.json","updb_database_id":5502549}
{rjl} 2 pulsating lights that moved like humming birds

On Sunday, 5/19/14, at about 8:45pm, I saw a light out of a window to the NE of my house [Address removed/CMS/rjl] in Pulaski, VA. When I first noticed it, it was traveling NE and vanished below the tree line. I then saw another light through the same window similar to the first traveling E that disappeared behind the same tree line. I thought the first light was a plane, although the trajectory looked too steep. The second light looked more like a roman candle or meteor. At this point I thought it was someone shooting off some fireworks or a random meteor shower. I walked out onto my porch and was stunned to see something that was moving almost like a humming bird; it would hover, move in sweeping arcs, dart, and almost loop. I couldn't tell how far away the object was or how big it was... from my perspective, it appeared to be a small sphere of pulsating white and bluish-white light; the light intensity went from spectacular to nothing. While I was watching this light, it blinked out and I noticed a bright light from behind the tree line. This light soon appeared above the tree line as well. The two were indistinguishable from each other, and at first I thought they were the same object until I saw them both lighted at the same time... one was almost dimmed out and the other was just starting to glow again. The two lights were never really close to each other, one looked to be further NE than the other. As I continued to watch them I kept trying to rationalize what I was seeing. There was no noise that I could hear and this is a fairly rural area... as a matter of fact, during this time, I don't even remember hearing a dog bark. It looked as if the lights were moving to the NE of my house because the second light that had appeared from behind the trees slowly disappeared behind them again and never reappeared. The other light that appeared closer to me continued to move in ways that I couldn't explain. At one point my brain was telling me they could be lightnings bugs. At this exact moment, the remaining light came toward my house quickly and got so bright it looked like Venus. I actually became a little concerned at that point because I realized this was nothing I could explain. I called my girlfriend outside and told her to bring my camera. I shot about 1:30 mins of video before we watched the last light completely disappear to the NE behind the tree line. I'm still trying to rationalize what I saw; the New River Valley airport is sort of in the direction I last saw the lights, but I have never seen anything move like these objects did. In the video, we talk about them possibly being RC planes, but the lights on these objects got SO bright and the way they moved wasn't what I consider normal... it's almost as if these things were swimming thru the air, if that makes any sense. 

Please let me know if you had any other reports of this. Someone else HAD to see this. I wish I had had my camera earlier, but I was afraid to take my eyes of these things.
