{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-01-07 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548549","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4983,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/549/mufon-5548549.json","updb_database_id":5548549}
Four small lights glided in, occillated, hovered, changed form,lowered to the ground and disappeared

The location is Rockingham County, NC and the time is 6:45 PM on 1/7/08. I was standing approximately ten feet from a level paved rural road in front of a house. The area was very dark as it is rural and there was no moon and no nearby street lights or security lights in the area (sunset was 5:22 PM). The night sky was clear and the temperature was around fifty degrees. I was looking directly across the road at a small field on the opposite side of the road when in the right side of my vision I saw small lights approaching. I turned toward them and saw four lights. The lights were gold and about the size of an orange. They were almost reflective but, they didn't light the ground below them nor seemed to have a focused beam. They descended slightly then leveled off and traveled about four feet above the road surface in my direction. I would estimate their speed at about fifteen mph, maybe faster at the first sighting, but they slowed as they neared me. When I first saw them they were about one hundred fifty feet from me and at a height of about seven feet. I knew they were over the road because there are cedar trees along a fence line on the opposite side of the road. I could not have seen them had they not been over the road or the side shoulder because the trees would have obscured my view. They were in a line one behind the other. The first two were about 30" apart followed by the second two, also about 30" apart. The second pair was separated from the first pair by about ten feet. When they were about sixty feet from me they began to oscillate up and down from 3-6 feet above the road. They continued this vertical oscillation along the road until they were nearly directly in front of me but on the opposite side of the road. Then they stopped and came to level flight (all four). They hovered, without any movement at all, about four feet above the road. Again there was one pair about 30" apart and approximately ten feet to their right was the second pair also about 30" apart. They held this position for about four seconds. Then they dimmed greatly, probably 95%, and descended to the ground. After settling to the ground they had a pinkish orange glow with lavender or purple/pink spokes radiating from the center. They appeared to be translucent, maybe glassy or gelatinous. I scanned quickly at all four to verify that they were all there. Then, I stared totally at the second one from the left because it was the brightest or at least sat highest in the grass about 6" from the side of the pavement. After about four seconds they dimnmed all the way out and could no longer be seen in the darkness. Total time of this event, fifteen seconds.

The above are the simple facts of what I saw. However, I would like to describe my thoughts as this occurred from moment to moment. When I first saw the lights I thought people were either biking or skateboarding in my direction. As they approached and began to oscillate up and down I thought the people were possible jogging. Again I thought- people. I started say "hey". Just as I was about to get "hey" out of my mouth they stopped and began to hover. I looked into the background around the lights to look for the outline of people. But there were no- people. And up until that very moment it never occurred to me that it was anything but- people causing the lights. As soon as I thought out loud incredulously, "gosh no people" the lights dimmed and lowered to the ground. Only at the realization that there was no one there did I become a "good" observer. I stared intently at the four objects on the gound and watched until they were no longer visible. I looked on with astonishment and thought to myself "What in the world have I just witnessed?" Whether they disappeared, vaporized, or simply flew away into the darkness I have no idea.

Until this event, I have never given UFO's much thought. However since 1/7 I have thought of hardly anything else. I had never Googled anything even remotely related to the subject. Now I Google hardly anything unrelated to the subject. To demonstrate my lack of UFO curiosity, when the four lights dimmed and were no longer visible, I didn't even look up at the sky! I now wish that I had looked up.

MUFON- Kennethh
Bubbaandoz@aol.com
