{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-11 20:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5289245.json","updb_database_id":5289245}
Cigar shape craft as big as an aircraft carrier, it made no sound.

I have seen a lot of things but this was something else. I was at the El-porton location waiting for a phone call when i looked up and over the west out of my car window. I seen what at first i thought to be planes in a formation. As i kept looking it became apparent to me that these were no planes. Planes do not drag planes. The light to the front was like dragging the light to the back. The craft was way to large to be anything we have in our military or private sector. This thing was huge! Like an air craft carrier. It looked exactly like that. As if you stuck an air craft carrier up in the sky and at it's front you stuck a white solid light and to the back you stuck a white solid light and in the middle was a red pulsating light. I got out of my car amazed by this and grabbed my cell phone and shot two pictures. The first was blurred. My hand was shaking and I didn't get the shot. The second shot I got it. It only shows the two light however when i enlarged the picture on my cell phone you could see the glow. It is something else. As soon as the craft passed by, I would say maybe 10 minutes as i waited for my food. 6 Helicopters was seen in a almost search pattern over the foot hills. There was 3 witnesses to it a woman, her kid and husband but they left. I asked the guy what he thought this was he said, well maybe jets in formation and his wife said, "Honey, there no sound and they would be flying to close." He took another look and said nothing but kept looking up in the sky. I have kept the image on my cell phone should a mufon investigator want to see the origional.
