{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-01 14:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5282245.json","updb_database_id":5282245}
Object seen as (2) planes crossed each others flight paths. Appeared to remained in a fixed position, not sure how long it was there before i noticed.

On March 1st, at 2:02pm in Anaheim, CA, near the Disneyland Resort, it was a mostly sunny with light clouds type of day. I was at work and nearing the end of my shift. I work for a general contractor and we have (2) warehouses on property. The main warehouse is attached to the office building and houses my desk. The building has a large roll-up garage door that leads to the yard and faces the additional warehouse. I had to retrieve some materials from the other warehouse for an on-going job, so I walked out towards the building. Almost immediately, I noticed (2) planes that had crossed paths (at different elevations) and the condensation from the planes created a giant "X" in the sky. I noticed the planes continuing on their flight paths but the more I looked at the floating "X" I noticed a small object floating just above the intersecting lines of condensation. I shrugged it off and kept walking, occasionally looking back at the object. So i decided to stop and give the object a longer stare. I couldn't make out any specific features other than it had an upside "tear-drop" shape to it. I couldn't tell if it was emitting light or reflecting light. More than likely, it was a metal surface reflecting the sunlight. A moment later a police or sheriff helicopter flew by, coming the south / southeast heading north / north west. This occurs daily in the area and not a direct response to the object. I now had 3 points of comparison in the sky and none of which resembled the object. All three were distinguishable aircraft. 

With the property near the Disneyland Resort, one would suspect it could have been a Mylar balloon that was let loose, but, the elevation of the object would have to make the balloon the size of a small car, at least. I ruled that out as the object didn't sway at all. I used to work for the resort and I am familiar with the balloons that are intentionally released (but remain tethered). The internal fire department would release large "white" balloons to check wind conditions as part of the preparations for the firework shows. The balloon that is used is large but if it was observed at a few thousand feet from ground level, the balloon would look like white dot in the sky. With the balloon tethered, this could not be what I saw that afternoon as the Disneyland Fire Department only checks wind conditions during the evening as to not disrupt the themed atmosphere. 

The event became unusual when i tried to get a photo or video. I reached into my pocket to grab my phone while remaining focused on object. At this point, the object seems to be ascending or possibly heading northeast. It was becoming harder keep focus as it started to become visually smaller. This part of the experience is hard to explain but as I am looking down unlocking my phone, (the screen was hard to see as it was fairly bright outside) I am trying to brighten the screen. Looking back up to the sky trying to relocate the object, the area where it is, my vision (specific to the area I was observing) becomes distorted, similar to a kaleidoscope-like effect that looks similar to the "static snow" on tube tv's. I looked around everywhere around me to see if it was my eyesight or something else. I thought it was the little squiggly lines on the eye when you're dehydrated but the shapes didn't match to what I have experience when it occurs. The "static snow" continued and I couldn't capture a photo of the object. Unfortunately, my experience was disrupted by a delivery. As the driver pulled into the yard I began to walk towards them looking back to see if the object was still there. I couldn't locate it again. At this point I had put my phone back into my pocket so that I can accept the delivery being made. 

The experience left me feeling uncomfortable but not entirely sure why. I've observed objects that could be potentially be UFO's or UAP's in the past, but never felt uncomfortable afterwards. since this experience, I have observed 2 other sightings that I could not explain as traditional aircraft.
