{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-01 23:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56767","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5502245.json","updb_database_id":5502245}
steady brightness, 5x brighter than brightest star, first witnessed approx one mile south of Esquimalt base. Watched for 30 sec. seemed higher than commercial airlines and therfore very big!

11:44 pm Sunday June 1st 2014.
I live in Vic West/Esquimalt, Victoria BC.

I went outside to star gaze toward the south for a few minutes before retiring.
Immediately saw a very bright star, then noticed movement so thought it was a satellite. I watched and noticed the brightness was 5x brighter than any star. (clear night)
The bright white light remained constant which surprised me as I thought it may have been a satellite or space station catching the sun and that the light/reflection should fade soon. It did not fade. 

The bright object moved from the south west to East-north-east (slightly more north than straight east.) I watched it move from approximately one mile south of the Esquimalt Base to the far west, past Clover Point and towards Vancouver. The object seemed to be higher than a commercial airliner, (maybe 40,000ft?)remained a steady bright white light, moved steadily across my view in a straight line. My guess is that it was huge since I perceived it higher than 30,000 ft. and the size of an aspirin held at arm's length.
Strange that it did not lose its brightness like a satellite moving past the sun's light. Strange that there were no other lights, no flashing, just very steady bright white. Also, no sound at all. A very quiet night, no wind, silent. I watched it's flight for about 35 seconds which is when it went past my field of vision.  

As I began to wonder what I was witnessing, my gut tightened and I felt a surprising twinge of anxiety. - Did not expect this! Now one hour later and the feeling of mild panic has shifted to a slight uneasiness. But feeling 98% okay.

I thought of taking a picture with my i-Phone but believed the photo would just be a speck by the time I returned from the house.- So I didn't bother. (And I was distracted by my uneasiness.)
