{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-19 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86095","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5474245.json","updb_database_id":5474245}
{rjl} Glowing Orange Spheres Over Central Florida

I was driving into my neighborhood last night at approximately 9:30 and was preparing to park my car in my garage when I glanced up in the southeast sky at my roof line and noticed three glowing, pulsating, orange orbs flying slowly in a northwesterly direction in a large triangular formation. As far as size perspective goes- they were the size of a typical pearl bead held at arms1 length.

I estimate they were traveling at a distance of about 10-15,000 feet and were completely silent and their airspeed was approximately 200-300 mph. The objects1 color never changed.
I watched the objects break formation when they were directly overhead and begin moving in a somewhat straight line as they gradually disappeared into the northwest sky.
This part of the sighting lasted about 2-3 minutes.

I then saw another of these objects traveling along the same flight path approaching from the southeast sky at which point, I ran inside my house to get my wife outside as a witness to what I was observing.
We both watched this object through my binoculars as it headed in a straight line into the northwest sky. Same estimated airspeed, size and distance as the other objects.
Also, at this point, I noticed several neighbors down the street from us standing in their front yards watching these objects.

We were both getting ready to go inside the house when we noticed yet another of the objects, same size, flight path, speed, color, etc. traveling in exactly the same direction as the previously sighted objects.
We watched as it gradually disappeared in the northwest sky.
I estimate the total length of this sighting to be approximately 10-15 minutes.
We waited outside for another 10 minutes but nothing else unusual was sighted.

We are approximately 10 miles from Sanford-Orlando International Airport and are very used to seeing various types of commercial and sometimes military aircraft over the last 17 years. I have also piloted single engine aircraft and have never seen anything like these objects before tonight.
I am certain that these objects had to be tracked on the airport radar close by.
