{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-10 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5488245.json","updb_database_id":5488245}
{cak} Object would be stationary, also moving slowly, changing directions, two identical objects in area.

Avid Sky watcher ~ This is not the first time spotting these objects over Colorado. Constantly trying to figure them out. Started out just as bright light that stays lit then goes dim. Objects hover then move East, then SE, then directly South. They get extremely bright and then dim and move. And Repeat as they move. The area in which they move in the sky seems to be limited in an area of about as far as you can open your arms against the sky. As you will loose these objects in about 25 minutes to 1 hr. I ignore objects that just go in straight lines as I chalk them up to jets or satellites. I also ignore objects that just burst one bright light as exploding stars. But if the object moves , hovers and changes direction multiple times I lock in on it. Using my plain eyes first then move in with my Barska 10X30X50 Binoculars. These objects when seen are not moving fast, but noticeably across a section of sky. Always seem to find a second or third nearby. Use to think they dim out until I got my Binoculars on them...they do not they just are much dimmer to see. Currently seeing them in North West Sky or straight up above me. Seen a few this month in North East Sky near and passing through the W-shaped constellation Cassiopeia. Objects seen also on No moon nights as it's easier seeing the sky and tracking them with naked eye and Binoculars. These objects are very high up in the sky. At least satellite distance but lower than the stars. But it is hard to judge on that. Any avid Colorado skywatcher should be able to see these objects and watch them as they get super bright and dim as you can tract them moving across the sky and changing direction quickly as they never really dim all the way out. But you do need Binoculars or you will loose them quickly in the night sky as they change direction or hover going super bright then dim. I would love any feedback on what these possible could be ! My guess it will all be conjecture because they got me stumped !
