{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-18 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35024","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5521245.json","updb_database_id":5521245}
Two aircraft flying southwest over Levittown towards NE Philadelphia

Before reading, please be aware that I am outlining two related sightings.

On January 17th, at 8:15PM I saw a large set of three horizontal white lights to my right while I was driving on Oxford Valley Rd toward Bristol Oxford Valley Road in Fairless Hills. The object appeared to (approximately) be above Sesame Place/Aria Hospital. Each light was equal in size and appeared to be equally spaced apart from each other. The object appeared to be stationary. It was a stunning sight so I pulled into a shopping center before the intersection to stop and get a better look. As I pulled into the shopping center I noticed the aircraft was now moving and I was now viewing it from the side. I could not see the three bright white lights anymore, but instead just two red and two white lights. It flew East. I couldnt make out a shape for sure, but it certainly was not an airplane but I thought it could have possibly been a helicopter.

On January 18th at 6:40PM I was driving in Levittown, PA southbound on Woodbourne Rd shortly past the roads intersection with Business Route 1, heading towards Trenton Rd. Above the residential section to my left, I saw two sets of three horizontal lights that appeared to be stationary to my left. One set of lights was slightly above and to the right of the other from my vantage point. The lights were the same as I witnessed the night before, but now there were two sets of them. I drove into the section to get as close to the lights as I could. At 6:41PM, I called a relative who resides in the section to look at the objects. As I got closer and towards the end of the residential section as it met Bristol Oxford Valley Rd, the lights started to move and again as had happened the night prior, the large sets of three horizontal white lights were no longer visible. The lights flew over the edge of the residential section and Woodbourne Rd in the Southwest direction. At one point I was only a few hundred feet from being directly under the objects. I could hear no sound being emitted from them. I followed the direction of the two aircraft as I headed towards my relatives house. I was now behind the aircraft. The structure of the lights resembled a cross or plus symbol with two white lights on the sides with two vertical red lights on top of each other in the middle. The lights were blinking. I arrived at my relatives house and we watched the objects fly Southwest towards Northeast Philly in formation from a window in the upstairs of the house. Approximately 5 minutes had gone by between first sighting them and their lights fading as they flew too far to see.

Attached is a very rudimentary drawing of how the two sets of lights appeared to be originally be in formation together.  This is how they appeared before they started moving and the three bright white lights were no longer visible. The dot on the lower right of the sketch is the approximate size of a typical aircrafts light as it appears in the sky.
