{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-04 19:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5522245.json","updb_database_id":5522245}
It was a soft bright yellow with an off cast of white yellow as in shadow of the objects cast off

1. I was home ( out in the country in Chillicothe Ohio) getting my trash together to take out to the dumpster ( I live in a small mobile home park off of 772. 

2. It was dark outside,very nice clear sky, Close to 7:30 PM as I put my trash into the dumpster I turned to walk back to my mobile home, which is a straight dirt road towards the highway, I was walking & seen it moving from behind me which would be moving West To East. 

3. At first I new it was a UFO since (a rumor has been circulating in town) as to why all the Jets have been in over our City)As well as it was just above the power-lines, as if it had an intelligent navigation system. The Object swooped down from the Hill behind me, as I kept my eye on it since i was looking in the same direction it was going. And it MOVED To FAST to be so LOW towards the Ground, without Zero SOUND. I lost visual after it vanished among the small hill moving East. 

4. The Object was very SOFT in color, as YELLOW White/Gold and it had a cast off as in a Backwards C shape like a white see through yellow from its movement appeared to be vibrating not staying the same identical shape First Oval, Then Round Then Oval Again and the cast off light was shifting in shape as it transformed. It was Fairly small I would say about as Big as my Mid Size Vehicle, Maybe a little Bigger, But not much. 

5. I stopped and looked behind me, to see if any of my neighbors were out and seen, but I was alone. I immediately grabbed my cell phhone in which, for the 1st time since ive owned it DID NOT HAVE A SIGNAL so I took my phone outside and with ONE BAR! ((I am still having issues with getting a signal)) Never had problems with this phone~!) I called my daughter because she mentioned one of her Girlfriends seen an Object in town earlier that week while she was taking a smoke break from work. And we have had a lot of fighter Jets in the area for the first time since Ive lived her for a year. 

6. I lost sight of it once it descended beyond the Hill Moving East

NOTE: I have had an encounter with an Alien in my bedroom when I was 14 years old at my parents home while we lived in Chesapeake Ohio Basically on the Ohio River. It was a Very Tall Being, I was on the Top Bunk Bed and it stood there and watched me without moving! I awoke from a very deep sleep to see it there, I was so frightened I held my breath an tried to act as if I was a bear pretending to be dead as a child would believe might work. I ended up going back to sleep without immediate memory until I was a bit older. Leaving me to be sensitively aware of my surroundings. 

I live a lone with my Dog n hope I am safe. I am now 44 years old. I still don't have any Cell Service I did earlier today but now it is 1:55 AM and No Signal.
