{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-11-29 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5486245.json","updb_database_id":5486245}
{dr}Huge UFO Sited over reservoir in Yonkers, NY

My ex-husband, brother-in-law and sister-in-law (and twin babies) were headed out in the early evening to celebrate my brother-in-law's birthday at the Ground Round restaurant. My ex-husband was driving. Soon after turning onto Central Avenue, adjacent to the reservoir, he suddenly slows down and stops the car and said holy s**t, what the hell is that. We all had to look up as this very large craft was hovering over our car next to reservoir just off the NY Thruway 87N. Above our car is a huge round craft with multi-color lights around the bottom circumference. Additionally, there was what can be described as metal structures all over the bottom of the craft. It was very hard to believe what I was seeing, but it was there, very clear, very large and very close. You could clearly see the object as having mass. It made no noise at all. Suddenly it disappeared with no trace of it ever being there. We continued our drive to the restaurant and didn't discuss at all what we had seen. Oddly, we did not talk or think about it again for a couple of years.

A few years later we were sitting in a Pizza shop not far from the site where we saw it. Three of us....ex-husband, his brother and I became very excited as we recalled the event to a friend. I quickly stopped us from talking, took out an index card, divided it in three and said before we talk, let's draw what we saw. The similarities in the drawings detailed a round ship with lights around the circumference. It made me feel excited that we remembered it the same way.  We discussed not understanding why we never spoke of the event before. I still have two of the drawings somewhere in my attic.

This past summer, my ex-husband made a very big effort to see me because he felt he needed to talk about it. He said, so it really happened... Because he needed validation from someone who was there.

An aside: years ago when the movie Independence Day with Will Smith came out, I became very excited because the size and proximity of the space crafts in that movie were comparitable with what we saw in 1980.
