{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463245","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97709","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/245/mufon-5463245.json","updb_database_id":5463245}
{cak} oblong dull gold UFO with different colored lights around the object hovering in my house

This happened in summer of 2015. It was around 9:00 pm and I went to bed. It wasn't yet dark. I turned on Jimmy Swaggart's Sonlife TV channel. I just layed down, turned to watch tv when it came very strong to me in my mind "you don't know what is behind you when you're alone". I then started to feel like I was "stunned" with fear. This is not like me at all. I immediately thought to myself "stop this or you will scare yourself". Then the thought about something being behind me got stronger. I didn't know why I was thinking this because when I layed down I thought how nice that it was peaceful and quiet. How relaxing it was with it being hot outside and inside was so cool with the air conditioning. Then the thought came into my mind. It was so strong that I slowly turned to look behind me when I looked above my bed and there it was! I went numb. It was approx 2ft to 2.5 ft long. It was shaped oblong. It was dull gold (like old gold). It was solid but in the middle going around it was triangles and squares alternating patterns. It had yellow, blue, green, white lights around the object but it looked as though the lights were around but not coming out from it. I looked away back to the tv and thought "it is not real". I looked back and it was still there. I looked away and said "in the name of Jesus". I waited about 5 seconds and looked again and the object was still there. I was too frightened to get up. I thought about knocking it down with my hand but then I thought about being radioactive. There was no sound coming from this. It just hovered with the lights around it. The lights were shaped like tiny squares but it cast no shadow on the wall. This went on for about 20 mins then it left as quietly and sudden as it came. I finally got up and looked everywhere to see if visitors were in my house. I was petrified! I waited this long to tell my story because for one thing I am afraid this will come back. I live not far from a state forest and I have seen weird lights coming from that direction. They hover then disappear. I would only like to know how did this get inside my house? Since this incident I do sleep with lights and the tv on all night. I searched to find if anyone else has had experiences inside their house but haven't found any information. I also hung a picture of Jesus where this object hovered.
