{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1989-04-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"g1tqbi","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182408,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Barking alerted witness to disc, which put light on witnessGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Crestview, Florida
April 21, 1989

Animal Behavior Feature:
At 9:15 p.m. on a clear night, the barking of an excited dog alerted the
witness. He went outside where he saw a circular object hovering over
the driveway. He fired at the object but his gun misfired, and the
object sped away making a 1wind1 sound as it departed. The object
was close enough that the witness reported that a beam of light from it
struck his face.

Joan Woodward, Animal Behavior Specialist:
The male witness, unknown age or occupation, lived in a wooded area.
He came outside to find a circular object over the driveway. He got
a .22 caliber semi-automatic rifle and aimed at the object. A bright
beam from the object struck on his face as he pulled the trigger.
The gun misfired, but before he could reload, the object sped away.
He reported feeling anxiety and fear when he saw the object, which he estimated
to be at least 100 feet away.

The bullet that misfired was analyzed by Remington Arms Co., Inc., who said
the powder in the cartridge was contaminated, possibly during manufacture.

The object was described as circular, possibly 90 feet in diameter.
It had windows around the circumference and appeared to have a rotating
beacon in the center which shown through the windows, giving a flashing-in-sequence
effect. The object1s bottom was brilliantly illuminated. The
beam that struck his face came from the center bottom.  All lights
were white.

No EM effects or physiological effects were reported. Only sound was
the wind sound reported upon departure.

Source:
MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON Headquarters,
July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #890614, By Allen Reynolds.
