{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5468272.json","updb_database_id":5468272}
{td} my son and i where inside a mothership with a city within,begin to collaps and not finding it among earth reports of may 2017,

I need help. I have had close encounters most of my life.3rd, 4th &5th..some have left me with knowledge and understandings beyond the theories people and scientists have.implanted ideas about and what they may mean. and when my 9yr,old son was able to understand we spoke of keeping as much complete memory of incidents as possible,and being prepared for being abducted.around 20yrs.old or so my son started to experience ufos so regularly we both began to be very apprehensive. he has been taken once for a short time off a dirt road..and it always was fun to compare sightings both solitary and shared with witnesses, but something very rare and so unusual has happened that in the league of all encounter witnesses, i can not compare this to any,that i know keeping silent is effecting my nerves and ability to stay calm. this relates to an encounter of the 6th and possibly 7th kind. I have specific time,3:am around dy. 15-18 may-2017,so sleeping was the activity..and it was a mothership. midflight. we never saw the outside but white surface in the pod and the same white light you would experience in any hospital.while it was clearley interpreted that my son was leaving the earths atmosphere in what we both thought at first was a regular airplane seat,looking thru regulare airplane window,[I was aware of a similar window behind me].I was on his left facing him but his seat was facing my left...at the onset of his fear that this was not a human experience,[[[[ he realized that he was reaching beyond the height possible for a normal plane and said to himself ,if i get any higher im probably not coming back,,]]] and my need to express vehemant resistance and defiance gave way to me witnessing the sudden unhinging of a large gear,approxamatly 15ft in height,4ft.in width. from approximately 8ft above, it was black and shiny,but obviously seemed cast, not machined and appeared to be a mix of heavy hard polymer and light but dense metal,between us.it bounced very hard and jumped only 1ft.in the air,made a slamming noise.. but did not break or shake the ship,it simply rolled forward past being between me and my son..I was not seated and saw no other seats..it instantly turned into a horrowing unexpected major craft failure.now this is not the end of the story,but i can tell you i was facing my son on his right,but he was facing foward...and he said he could see he was in a pod open in front to a cavernous exspance over a small city below him like it was over 20 miles away,in this craft the city started to suffer partial blackouts and exposions.not unlike when lightning hits transformers on earth..[theres something else.]..but first let me tell you,we were not together when this abduction happened.all i can say was i knew we were both there..my son was not aware of me...but when we both got a chance to discuss this in depth he said he just woke back in his bed in upstate N.Y. as did i ,in N.J.;he was quite afraid but I was wildly out of my head with panic..though this part did not surprize my son or me really. i have metaphysically projected to him in danger one time before and arrived physically before a call for help could be made..sooo our question to eachother was; could it somehow have recovered enough or have the emergency protocalls to just project to an outerorbit destiny? i have been searching the dates for sightings and crashes and there is one ship that triggers an emotion but i cannot tell if it could hold within it,a small city that looks like its 20 mies away. and then [theres the something else.].the real questions...I got there just as he got scared, so I believe I followed him and was not abducted or invited;neither of us saw any beings. the ship wasn't all that fascinating really, kind of familiar, just arranged differently..
if my son was not aware of me then could they have not been aware of me? And could my fear and anger cause the much physical destruction? my son and I agree that an abduction would not take place amid such malfunctions...or if a returning of an abductee could possibly be considered right at the time of such disarray..so now we think they must wondering where he went... if they don't think he got killed in their craft that is...with all my experience with them, they are aware of me,but we wonder if that means they knew who they where taking? and if this was a test to see if I utilized what I learned from them perfecting what I could do since I was 5yrs old...Astro-project..I can feel that they have experienced this in some way before.. like while its 99% unexpected.. its something they experienced before.. like 7 times in a million yrs.and that people in panic have caused them dangerous complications before, and they know that humans can tap into universe travel without a vehicle. I've done this many times. can you please have us hypnotized to find out what's going on? my son has had some major physical unit control impairments that seem to point to strange but not to outrages reactions his brain was aware of just before, but brain not aware of dangerously outrages actions,for a short time after.. should he/we get a brain scan?
