{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91265","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5469272.json","updb_database_id":5469272}
{jpg} My husband woke up with vertical scratches under his eyes. Cameras picked up pulsating lights above house with glitches before it came into site.

My Husband (David) and I have experienced an unexplained oddity. I am hoping you can help or give us direction. Monday night we both had trouble with our sleep. I awoke when he snuggled up behind me, I became dizzy, nauseous, and he felt like he had a fever. In the morning he walked into the kitchen looking very tired. I asked him how much sleep he had, he said he felt like he hadnt. He could not remember dreaming. David has shaky leg and usually goes into rem the first second he falls asleep. He said he remembers having the feeling of being trapped. But he didnt dream of being trapped. His eyes were puffy and he had a horizontal line of abrasion under each eye. My first thought is an abduction.

It hit me this week that we have security cameras. Sure enough found on Feb. 20th starting before midnight a bright light appears over our house. This continues until around 6 am on thurs.the 21st. We have 3 security cameras. The one on the front porch does not show anything different. There is even cars that drive by with no reaction. The camera is in the back of the house and shows our home on the left side of the driveway and two other homes on either side. This camera is the one that captures the bright light. The 3rd camera is directed at our back yard and shows the yard lighten up even more than our yard light which does turns on and off throughouthout the night. The camera angles to the top of our house but not above it. Im still going thtough the videos to try to figure it out including correlating times

I dont understand why it would be here all night. We have 3 daughters and 2 grandchildren that live with us. My fear is that more might of happened per our big household.
