{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-12 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5461272.json","updb_database_id":5461272}
{rjl} I viewed an unknown object with a pronounced contrail descending at a sharp angle. In the photos I took other objects were present that I did not see

On Wednesday, 12/12/2018 at 0800 (I checked my cell phone for the time) I was driving east on Walnut Street in Rogers, AR. I noticed that an unknown object with a pronounced contrail was coming down at a rapid but steady rate of speed at a sharp angle. I thought something was about to crash. It was directly ahead of me but a few miles (by my estimate) in the distance. The contrail, in actuality, was a much more dominant feature in the sky and much closer than it appears in the photos. It appeared to me to be in the sky over the Monte Ne area or in that general region. I looked around the sky to see if there were any emergency vehicles such as a helicopter, airplanes, etc. but I didn't see anything else. I opened my car window to see if the object was making any sound as it came down but there was none. It was silent. There was also an absence of any surface emergency vehicles, sirens, etc. I tried to determine just what the object was that was creating the contrail, but there was only a pinpoint shape at the head of the contrail. I could not tell if it was a craft of some type, debris of some kind, etc. I first noticed the contrail when I was approaching the intersection of Walnut Street and 28th street toward the East. I took out my iPhone and began taking as many photos as I safely could. I took a total of 6 photos on Walnut Street as I drove from 28th Street until I reached the red light at 8th Street. At that point the object dropped below the tree line and I could not see it anymore. I kept waiting to hear the sounds of a crash or some sign that it had come down as I continued to drive east but I never heard anything. From the time I first noticed the contrail and took the first photo to the time I took the last photo was approximately 6 minutes. If this was all I experienced I would not be reporting this. However, when I got home and I reviewed the photos I had taken there appeared to be at least 1, if not more, objects in the sky that I did not visually see. There are some streaks in the photo that are from dirt on the car windshield and can be explained. But there is a black triangular-shaped object partially obstructed by a cloud to the left of the contrail that appears to be stationary. There are also numerous small pale gray oval shapes scattered in the sky in the photos. I cannot tell if they are also from something on the car windshield or an actual object of some sort. I am unable to attach the photos. I will text the photos to my field investigator contact in the hopes that he can successfully attach the photos.
