{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-10 19:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114085","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5289272.json","updb_database_id":5289272}
Just dark cloudless sky, looked at cloud quickly moving. It went steady pace until it went overhead. I could see it was a fuzzy boomerang shape

I was sitting on my porch, on my balcony, playing a game on my phone. It was just dark but dusky dark.You couldn't see the stars yet. I looked up to the north and there was a single cloud that was slightly lighter than the background of the night sky. It looked dull but grayish white in color. It was fuzzy around the edges but was moving at a constant rapid speed going north to south. I first thought I was seeing things, but the cloud kept approaching , closing the distance between it and where I was... until it went overhead and past my building to my left. As it approached closer, there was no sound and it glided quickly and effortlessly. As it got closer I could see that it was in the shape of a fattened boomerang, but the edges didn't seem to be perfectly ridged and straight. They looked wavy, almost.. There were no lights on the object and it moved with such ease...like it was gliding across the sky. It was so blended in with the evening sky, had it not caught my attention coming at me from a distance, I never would have seen it .The object moved at a rapid steady pace going north to south, until it went overhead and I couldn't see it due to the building being in the way. There was a moderate bunch of whispy grayish clouds to the east of me( my right)....much much larger than this moving object...and they were not moving at all. Other than these clouds, the sky was completely clear, but you couldn't yet see the stars. What blew my mind was the constant gliding, rapid, continuous speed that it came towards my direction and past me, while everything else in the sky stayed still, yet not a light on it and it stayed the same boomerang shape until it glided past.
As I sat contemplating what I had just seen, there was a white bright larger than star like flash in the sky once, directly in front of me at 7:27 pm. Two minutes later at 7:29 pm the exact pinpoint bright white light flashed, one time only, to the west( left) of me, close to the area that the boomerang went over. These one time flash, very bright light...larger than a star...are a frequent occurrence in the night sky, here. It's so fast that unless you're looking directly at it, you would wonder if you were just imagining it. When you see it, directly, it's very very bright and flashes less than a second. Often times you can see it from the corner of your eye. It's much bigger and brighter than an airplane light. The Richmond International airport is about 20 miles to my northeast and plane traffic is nothing new. Neither the boomerang or the flashing single light in the sky, looks anything like an airplane light.
Some days you see no flash in the sky and others you may see it 3-4 times in a couple of hours in different places in my visual sky.
