{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5492272.json","updb_database_id":5492272}
I believe I was abducted. 7 hour loss of time and memory.

I was walking to a friends house at approx. 2 PM. It was a very hot day. I was walking up the"trail" which were old train tracks many years ago. I was walking from Bancroft, Ontario to Bird's Creek which was just north of there.After that was a big blank. The next thing I remember was that I was in the middle of a huge swamp. It smelled very bad. I tried to stand up but I started to sink in was I guessed was quicksand. I was terrified because it was almost dark out so I figured that It must have been at least 9:30 or 10:00 pm. I decided that I would lie on my stomach and pull myself out by the reeds that were growing in the swamp. It must have taken me at least an hour to get the the shore. After that was dense woods. I had no idea where I was. I heard a car far off in the distance. I headed that way.From there was solid brush and woods. I panicked and screamed a few times.But I knew I had to keep going towards the car sound. It took hours but I finally came out to the highway. Exhausted and scraped and bruised, I found my way to my friends house. By then it was close to midnight. She was shocked at the sight of me. I was scratched up very severely and had a rash all over my body. I was filthy and smelly from the swamp. I showered and changed clothes. She gave me calamine lotion to put on the rash. She asked what happened and of coarse I couldn't say because I had no idea. A lot of missing time and no explanation of how I only came to when I hit the water. I know that the only explanation was that I was dropped directly in the middle of the swamp. But how? This has haunted me for 15 years and I still have no memories of what happened in those missing hours. And PS I developed severe tinnitus about one year later. I still have it today. The high-pitched frequencies that are in both of my ears never stops. And I mean never.Thankyou for reading this. I haven't told very many people because, well you know they wouldn't believe me.
