{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-14 23:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5503272.json","updb_database_id":5503272}
{rjl} UFO appears from blood moon morphs and scales back to original shape before light wall opens and dematerializes UFO in the closing light wall.

The night was April 14th 2014 and it was the first blood moon of the blood moon tetrads. I was aware the eclipse would be at 10:53 pm so went outside with my telescope and iPad and iPhone. Went out to my balcony where normally I look out west for a good ocean view. That day the moon was over my house south and up in the sky about 60 degrees above the horizon. Made about 15 videos within first hour of watching. Realizing the actual eclipse was not at the time I thought it would be I ended up watching and making much more videos than I thought I would. The video with the footage I captured was 2 minutes and 22 seconds long and had the brightest glows coming from left and right side of blood moon. I also filmed simultaneously an iPhone video next to iPad with not capturing the UFO. The evidence is best captured by the iPad. I found that immediately before eclipse by slowing down the video and listening, there is a specific noise that resembles vibrations in an energy fluctuation that happen as the moon disappears on video. The moon at that time was near the middle of the screen while there was a simultaneous difficulty keeping perfectly focused on the moon and not moving. I noticed the noise when I slowed down the video. As the moon disappeared I had my eyes fixed on the sky, it was very clear for San Diego that night I had not seen any object move through the sky in over an hour of being out there. As the moon reappeared I saw at the exact time a burst of light streak out from the moon being larger than the moon the instant I saw it and 3 times the length. It seemed to roll and bend then disappear in a total time of a second to a second and half. Before I responded audibly, I thought it was a comet or fireball. Quickly changing my mind because my better than 20/15 vision told me the object changed shape seeming to back up in the sky and then roll before disappearing in the distance of 2 inches in the sky. My reaction on the video is "What the f*** was that?" Followed by heavy breathing and few other noises before finally turning off video about a minute after seeing object. Object was white with faint grey white like particles as extreme shape stretched and had grey mist like when disintegrating from largest and longest on video reanimated starship form as it jumps into a wall of white light that appears as cut in sky, pulls in starship like object and never illuminates past the wall of light cut in sky. Only thing that passes wall of light is particles that seemed to trail the object from the instant it was viewable showing a clear linear path from the moon as it appears. The first time it appeared it is the starship form then it stretches and distorts like it does at the end, almost opening what seems to be the portal but suddenly retracts back into starship form before becoming much smaller going backwards towards the moon again and stopping the size and shape of the moon in view . Then it morphs into original starship form again more solid looking than ever it stays in the sky not moving. Image is clearest at this point with a very distinct shape that was repeated earlier. When it starts to move forward for last time it is after a short delay a light wall resembling a cut in the sky illuminates. As the starship moves forward towards the wall of light it dematerializes into the wall of light, where no ambient light passes. The entire time the solid ambient illuminated starship and morphing pattern was bright and an obvious light source in the sky. Only trailing particles pass the wall of light. These are the same particles that faintly are seen as a line behind object in sky and passing through wall of light as it disappears. The close up of a frame of this final particle trail and leftover empty space gap where the wall of light was is incredible, this was where the particles faded into nothing and everything in view was gone. Looks as if the light was cut right out of the sky. After the event I was shaken but cool (after the heavy breathing and gulps) because it was not first weird thing I have seen. I was excited to check iPad for footage of what was in the sky after finding the evidence was captured on video I have not been able to stop thinking of incident and analyzing it in many ways. It1s on my mind a lot. I continued to make videos for an hour after the UFO event. None of the preceding or post event videos showed anything of significance and only included parts of the phases of the blood moon. I was outside from 10:45 pm - 1:00 am 4/15/2014. I believe to the best of my knowledge the actual time was 11:58 pm Pacific time on 4/14/2014 when the phenomenon occurred 1 minute 13 seconds into the 2 minute and 22 second recorded iPad video. When eclipse of blood moon was first seen.
