{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-10 02:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509272","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49165","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/272/mufon-5509272.json","updb_database_id":5509272}
{nd} Straight line path south to north. Hovered for 20 minutes over trees. Shot off at great speed northwest.

It was a clear night so I opened my bedroom window as I was getting ready for bed. It was early morning, 2:40 am, September 10, 2011. I had just finished working on graduate studies and during that semester I typically got to bed anywhere between midnight and 6am. From my viewpoint I could watch planes in the distance. I didn't sleep well and would also watch the stars travel across the sky for hours. 
Commercial plane traffic from my window is easily identified and they always travel from the south (Atlanta) to the North. Their flight is calm and slow across the sky. I noticed the UFO because it had unusually bright yellow-orange and white lights. They didn't flash like a plane but pulsated. I watched it travel from the south, closer to me than the planes, and stop in the distance. I watched it for about five minutes from my bed as it just hovered there. There are two very tall poplar trees to the northwest of my home about 100 yards away. The tree tops make a distinct V shape. They served as the sights through which I saw the UFO hover and also helped me determine what direction the object traveled away from me(northwest). 
I was not scared. I was curious and strangely calm. So calm, in fact, that I started burning facts about my experience into my mind. I knew I was experiencing something amazing. I got the telescope out of the closet but could not get the UFO to come into focus. It was frustrating but the object was close enough to see without it. I just wanted to see all that I could. The UFO hovered above the trees for about 15 more minutes before shooting off at a very high rate of speed to the northwest and out of my sight. A path from my window to the two trees revealed, by map, that the object was possibly over the water treatment plant for the county, above the high school, and then shot into the Chattahoochee forest. 
I was calm and logical while I saw the object. My fianc1 was in bed and had been asleep for a while. He worked full time and attended school full time during that part of our lives. I chose not to wake him because he rarely slept enough and frankly has a fear of UFOs. It seemed so reasonable to let him sleep at the time although in hindsight I cant understand why I didn't wake him. After the object shot off I returned the telescope to the closet and went back to bed. 
I have since watched for a return of the same object to no avail. September 10, 2012 I stayed up awaiting the return and saw nothing. Its strange. I have never believed in UFOs but I know very well what I experienced and I will never forget.
