{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-22 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3120,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5547222.json","updb_database_id":5547222}
Sighting of Octagon Shaped Object/Fireball

At aprox. 8:50 pm mother and I were returning home from a trip, as we turned from the highway onto her lane my mother studdered do you see that???? I could see an orange/yellow glow through my windshield and I immediately knew what she was seeing (as we had a sighting together the previous year almost to the exact date and I had said to her 2 days before this that its almost that time again we'll have to watch for ufos...jokingly). I immediately pulled my van over to the side of the road and opened my door, stepping out I looked up above me and at tree top level or a little higher was a craft. It was circular/or possibly octagon in shape...seeing it from underneath I saw the center was a perfect circle of what I thought at the time was some type of fire..orange/yellow in color and the yellow/orange color looked as if it was rolling or moving.I believe at that moment I was trying to rationalize what I was looking at...a hot air balloon? what? If it would have been a hot air balloon it was close enough to us I could talk to the people in the basket, but what basket, there was no basket.We both watched from outside our van almost in a trance, speechless.I never actally saw the craft from the side only from underneath, it seemed to move slowly but actually it moved quickly if that makes sense.It move up and over higher and higher. I watched for a few seconds then reached into the car for my cellphone to get a picture... I found my phone and when i got to the camera device it said memory full so I yelled for my mom to give me her phone, by the time I got it opened to the camera the craft had moved a far distance away, I managed to get 2 pictures of an orange glow. We drove a few hundred feet to my mothers home by then she had her digital camera out and snapped 2 photos which didn't come out. We stayed there until we couldn't see it anymore it got smaller and farther away. I would say we were in a high state of excitement and panic for those few minutes, in the few hours afterwards were were still in disbelief and even the next morning I said can you believe that ufo that was AWESOME! She lauged and said yes it was awesome I still can't believe it.We did find another person in the area that witnessed a "fireball" the same evening and aprox. same time."
