{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-10-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5291222.json","updb_database_id":5291222}
Felt weird presence noticed alien in bedroom

So this happend years ago and well it's still very very clear in my mind as will all events like missing time and abductions I have had. I was about 12 years old at the time and growing up I was always afraid of the dark but not for the normal reasons a kid would have and well since it was not the darkness but what I can only describe as a presence/energy of some kind that would appear when the lights where off somtimes. 

This type of thing would happen so often that I came up with a system that when this energy/presence would come up I would go under the covers, move my way under the covers to the end of the bed where my small little tv was. Reach out and turn on the tv waiting for the blue light to fill the room. Once the blue light lights up the room and I see nothing I would then turn on the bedroom light and go from there. 

Anyways I got to the point of turning on the tv and the room slowly lit up. When I removed the Blanket I looked to my immediate left towards my window and closest corner of the room (btw it's an attic bedroom so the ceiling is slanted on each side of the room) there was a grey. He was in a fetal position skin was a rustic orange with a very very slight freckle like spots all over. He looked like a classic grey but smaller then 4 feet in height and well the skin tone. I freaked out and his head snapped towards me so fast I can't even explain it. I got this feeling of fear not of my own that was projected from the being and as that happened a very bright halogen like white light appeared outside my window and the best way I can explain it is well the being slowly faded away like someone getting beamed up in startreck

This was not the only experience I have had as I have had missing time, craft sightings and abductions and even a life saving event. I many of them and they have been going on ever since I can remember. It's all 2 much to type on here but I would be glad to report those as well
