{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5484222.json","updb_database_id":5484222}
{nd} light in space moving diagonally right and down, the horizonally to left, repeated movements several times, then after going to right and down final time, moved up and to left to startimg point. Repeated pattern several times

During the 1980s I was working for a gold mine in the southern end of Crescenty Valley, Nevada near the Eureka/Lander Cournty line. The night in question we were hauling gravel from a pit in the valley floor. One time when I arrived at the pit to get a load of gravel the loader operator was standing on the deck of the loader and pointed a light out to me. It was obivously outside the earth'a atmosphere, or at least several miles above the earth's surface. The light would travel diagonally down and to the right, then horizonally to the left, back down and to the right, then horizonally to the left, and kept prepeating that pattern several times. Finaly after a final movement down and to the right, it would go up and slightly left so as to arrive at the point of beginning. It seemed to pause for a second or two at each change in diection. It would then repeat the manuever, which we watched numerous times before going back to work. The movements were smooth and at a steady speed, without either acceleration at the beginning of each directional change or deceleration at the end thereof. Considering that the object had to have been in space and the degree of movement, I believe it was covering a considerable distance in a mater of 2 or 3 seconds. It was dark outside at the time of this observation and I believe it was summer time. It was in the mid 1980s.

I have often thought about and wondered what we observed that night. I have considered the possiblity that it was a satelite, but it is my understanding they do not move that fast. An aircraft could not make directional changes like that, nor would it be able to make the directional changes without accelerating and decelerating.
