{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-17 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2876,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5549222.json","updb_database_id":5549222}
Strangest thing I've seen in my life!

Was standing on porch smoking and noticed a really bright "star" in the sky but then thought it was too bright and too low to be a star. I thought maybe it was a plane or something so I watched it for awhile (couldn't tear myself away from it actually) and it wasn't moving at all. I was really wishing that someone else would come outside so I could have some validation regarding what I was seeing and make sure it wasn't just me. Then it did start to move - slowly at first it went up and then started to move towards my direction. Still slowly it kept progressing. FINALLY my boyfriend woke up, and I said to him "look at that weird thing in the sky!?!?" He said "helicopter" after a few minutes but I just wasn't convinved. It got closer and closer and I noticed that in addition to the main light I'd seen, above that was an elongated, whiter light (the lames but yet most accurate comparison I can give it is the lights on the millennium falcon??) and then I did actually see two different colored, smaller lights on either side of the main, yellowish light. Then I thought I was a fool for watching so long because it must be a plane. But it kept just gliding through the sky and as it went overhead, there was hardly ANY noise (so I don't think it was a helicopter) and the lights kind of made a diamond shape as I looked above (though I was kind of scared to keep looking at it, I couldn't help myself) and then it passed our house and I couldn't see it anymore. I don't know why but afterwards, I just felt very weird, almost nauseous and then the rest of the night my stomach kept cramping up every 5-10 mins or so... I'm sure the two things are unrelated, but after what I saw, I couldn't help but wonder. Anyway, I was going to just do a search and see if anyone else reported anything strange from that night and then let it go, but after reading other accounts and seeing a few pictures (wish I hadn't been so transfixed to not go get my camera!) I feel like maybe I'm not crazy and maybe I didn't see a helicopter or strange airplane. I DO live near a military base so my "logical" side has been passing it off as some sort of experimental plane or something. I don't know, but it was definitely the most bizarre thing I've seen.
