{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-02-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5502222.json","updb_database_id":5502222}
{dr}abduction

as I was driving home from work around 10:30 at night I saw what I thought was a helicopter light off in the distance. but it seemed to stay in the same place that is why I thought it was a helicopter, when i got in my driveway it was still in the same spot, I saw another light also and thought to myself that looked like a close call in the sky, and just thought it was a helicopter searching for someone, I remember coming in the house and telling my family about it and saying, well if the police are looking for someone I hope they are not headed our way. and didn't think anymore about it.We went to bed and sometime during the night I was awoken by a bright light in my room and thought WOW that is one bright light, to light up my room, it was so bright I could see all of the furniture in the room, and my bedroom door was closed. its always open. I think i closed my eyes and the next thing I opened them and was in some kind of room it seemed almost like a circular hallway with very dim lighting, no one was there and i was on some type of bed. I could not see anyone, but I could hear them, I think at least two voices, one said we cannot use this specimen or person I am not sure of the wording now. but they said she has been altered or changed she cannot have or carry a child. (I have had a tubal ligation so that was true) I don't remember much of anything else except one voice said no lets send her back. The next thing I remember is being in my bed in total darkness, I have a clock radio but could not see it, was like a presence was standing between me and the light on my radio and a voice seemed to be reassuring me that i would be ok I could only move my head and then I opened my eyes again and my room was lit up again with my door back open, I could see my husband in the bed beside me. it sorta sounded like a helicopter going off in the distance and the bright light was gone. I asked my family the next morning if they had heard a helicopter and no one had. so I told them what I had heard during the night. I am not sure of the date because it has been a few years.
I have often thought of being hypnotized to see if i can remember anymore details. It just seemed so strange and still does.
