{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5487222.json","updb_database_id":5487222}
{nd} eye contact w/2 bright almost see through spheres along w/a very bright red metallic object.one

One Sunday afternoon on or about July 19,2015 around 2pm very sunny day with moving clouds. I was sitting in my backyard when I observed one very bright sphere about 1-2 miles high traveling slowly from the south heading north. I went inside my house and got my pair of binoculars to get a closer look. I also told my girlfriend to come outside with me to see what I was Iooking at. She saw the bright sphere too. As I started to look through my binoculars, and what I saw was not one sphere but two of them. They were very bright but almost transparent. At first I thought it was balloons, but it was a little windy outside but the two spheres orbiting each other while traveling north bound across the sky steadily. As I was visually tracking the two spheres a tree in my backyard blocked my view. So I reposition myself north to get eyes on again, when I got around the tree, clouds in the sky blocked my view for several minutes, when the sky was clear the two spheres was nowhere to be seen. So I sat back in my chair and visually scanning the sky for the two spheres. In the same area where I first spotted the two spheres I saw another object high in the eastern sky. It was about 1-2 miles high and it was a very BRIGHT metallic red horizontal object.but this 2nd object was stationary not moving. I have never seen anything that bright red before stand out like that on a sunny day. I had trouble holding my binoculars and lost sight of the red horizontal object and couldn't get eyes on again.probably because the red horizontal object had a much higher orbit in the sky. My girlfriend did not she the 2nd. Red object but I did tell what I saw. But I think she doesn't believe me, she also thinks the two spheres were balloons. At first I didn't want to report this beause I think nobody would believe me, especially the government. But I know what I saw. I heard about Mufon so I decided to file a report with you.maybe some else might have seen what I observed too.
Thank you for your time.
