{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-29 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5481222.json","updb_database_id":5481222}
{jpg} Unidentified objects appeared, disappeared, zigzagged in sky - Military vessels circled 10 minutes later

At approximately 8:45 PM, a star-like object appeared above South tree line traveling faster than a satellite, slowed its path and illuminated bright white light three times within the same path, brighter than any star in the sky. The object stopped moving several times and disappeared above the NW tree line. 
A second object appeared almost directly overhead in the West, illuminated bright light and moved S by SW. The second object stopped moving and blended like faint star. At that same moment, in the same N by NW location where the first object disappeared, a bright white light illuminated and zipped towards the second star-like object. 
A third object appeared in between the first and second objects traveling N by NW. The first object illuminated bright white and changed direction from moving extremely fast S by SW to N by NW without any delay or change in speed.
The second object stayed on one place and the other two objects disappeared above the NW tree line.
At approximately 9:00 PM, two jets (possibly F-15's) flew cross patterns around the location of the unidentified objects and circled back around the sighting area instead of continuing the same flight path. One jet came from the SE and one from the SW. Approximately two minutes after the jets, a large plane (a bomber sized vessel), flying much lower, traveling N by NW did a big 180 around the location of the sighting and continued flying back to the SE. 
Similar to the two jets, this large plane had identifying lights on the wings, but it also had a solid red light in the center, much brighter than the lights on the wings. The slower moving plane flew slowly overhead and turned around in the same location as the first two jets. I could hear the afterburners from the three marked vessels, but no sound came from the unidentified objects. 
At approximately 9:10 PM, a fourth unidentified object from the East appeared, as faint as a star, and started traveling in the same direction as the large plane, towards the SE. This object did not illuminate bright light but traveled much faster than the plane and two jets. However, no afterburner sound could be heard. This fourth object faintly appeared and disappeared three in a 10-second time-frame before disappearing all together.
