{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-07-09 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5289222.json","updb_database_id":5289222}
None

My sister and I were waiting in a visitor parking lot late one very clear evening at the Grand Beach Camp Ground overflow lot which was basically empty and poorly lit making it perfect for star watching. While resting on the trunk of our car waiting for friends in the campground we were laid back and looking straight up into the evening ski watching for satellites or space debris glancing off the upper atmosphere. Around 11PM I spotted a satellite heading in what I believe was a NE direction in an orbital direction moving at a steady speed. It probably came into view and disappeared into the NE horizon in about 4-6 minutes(moving quickly). Just a small round white image most likely illuminated by reflected light. 
Nothing strange or odd about it as part of my fathers job was to track satellites so I had watched a few in my youth by this time in my life. 
Where things became interesting, knowing how few satellites were in orbit and the technology of NASA at the time was the appearance of another slightly smaller light traveling from what appeared to be deep space (roughly 40 degrees off the satellites orbital path).at a faster rate of speed intercepting the satellite where the 2 bright objects merged as one due to distance. Both objects then tracked on the satellites original trajectory for what seemed like 15-20 seconds before shooting off at roughly 90 degrees from its original intercepting path and traveling back into space for 3-4 minutes before it’s light faded gradually out. 
I spoke with my dad at the time who worked as a flight services specialist for Transport Canada and tracked satellites while working as a station operator in Resolute Bay, Northwest Territories Canada and he felt that the objects action, speed and reaction were of a nature that wasn’t achievable at the time or part of NASA’s current space program. 
My sister should be able to confirm exactly what I saw as we spoke at length about what we had witnessed in amazing speculation. 
I’m now 60 and it’s roughly 44 years since the incident and I’ve spent many hundreds of hours watching satellites transition across the sky yet I’ve never seen anything intercept a satellite, track along with it and then shoot off in a totally different direction. 
A rare occurrence to say the least especially for the time 1976 and with space exploration in its infancy. 
I’ve often thought to return to the location and better detail the exact tracking direction of the satellite and UFO I saw. 
The evening was completely calm and clear with very little transient light emanating from the ground in this skyward direction which would contribute or effect my observance during this evening from my childhood. 
My sister and I had accepted jobs for the whole summer working at a local grocery store in the community of Grand Beach and we were both of with other friends. 
My sister and I had consumed absolutely no alcohol or drugs of any kind during the evening and were in good health to observe and mentally record the events of the evening.
