{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-27 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5495222.json","updb_database_id":5495222}
{rjl} Formation of three silent, boomerang shaped craft

At approximately 10:15pm on March 27, 2015 I went outside in my back yard to let my dog out. I glanced up at the sky above the treeling in my yard and I saw what I initially thought to be three geese flying above the tree top in my back yard but it quickly became apparent these were not birds. There were three boomerang shaped objects flying in a close formation in a steady direction across the sky. The objects gave off NO SOUND whatsoever. They appeared to be grey in the night sky. It is difficult to say if they gave off their own illumination or I was able to see them because of the natural moonlight and/or city lights projecting upward. It was as if they were a light greyish color in a dark night sky. They did block out the sky in the space they occupied. There were no lights on the objects. This was not a sighting of "lights in the sky." What I saw were three distinct crafts. My sighting lasted about 30 seconds, probably a bit less as it did not take long for these objects to move far enough away that they could no longer be visible from my vantage point. When I realized that these were not birds I called for my daughter to come look but by the time she arrived the objects were in the distance so it was difficult to point them out. They quickly were out of viewing range. I wish I had called out earlier because I do not want to be the only one who saw this as I'm certain no one would believe me. But I know what I saw and these were solid objects. Not planes, helicopters or birds. I truly hope someone else reports seeing these, either to MUFON or any other agency. I know what I saw and I stand by this sighting 100%. I don't know what they were, I am only certain as to what they were not. I do not have any pictures as I did not have any camera with me.....not something I usually have with me when I am simply letting the dog out. I just hope someone else saw something that resembles my sighting.
