{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-09 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523222","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/222/mufon-5523222.json","updb_database_id":5523222}
Two disk Objects hovering near I-95 south exit 73 during back up / accident on around 7:25 pm on Oct 9 2011

Two Large Disks seen at I-95 Crash 

On Sunday evening, October 9, 2011 at approx 7:25 pm near exit 73 (Niantic/Flanders) all cars on I-95 south came to a complete halt. As usual, this automobile back up was a few miles long and no cars or trucks could move. It was a complete standstill. 

My wife and I had just completed a wonderful dinner in the quaint town of Mystic and began our trip home to Hartford. I recall telling my wife, this evening had been one of the most beautiful crystal clear blue skies I had ever seen. There were no clouds present. It seemed the sky had two or three beautiful hues of blue. It was very breath taking indeed. Because the weather was so warm and pleasant, I opened the moon roof on the car to feel the night air as we drove home.

A sighting of One Object in the distance on I-95

As we were heading south on I-95 and passing exit 74 or 75, I noticed to my right off in a distance, a stationary object. This object was a couple of hundred feet in the air and had blinking lights (approximately 4 or 5 lights). As we were traveling at 55 to 65 mph and the road began to turn away from the direction of the object, I let go the image to maintain focus on the road ahead. I thought to myself, what was that object? Was it a large flat rounded helicopter with four / five lights blinking? Was it a large flat round floating balloon with four / five flashing lights? Was it a large water tower with five blinking lights? If a water tower, where were the tower legs? I had to put it out of my mind to watch the road and focus on the fast moving traffic.

A sighting of Two Objects near 1 I-95

A mile or two down the road, we came to a complete stop on I-95. We were now near exit 73. All I could see in front of me was a long line of red backup lights. In my rear view mirror all I saw see were white headlights. 

I could not believe it, here it is one of the most beautiful evenings I have had and yet here I sit in a parking lot on I-95. As we sat there in standstill traffic, I decided to look up through the moon roof over my right hand shoulder to view the sky. What I saw next, gave me first a double take, then a shock. 

The object, I had just seen a few miles back was here - 1hovering1. What I saw was a large flat, rounded disk (see object 1 below) with 5 lights, blinking on and off. These lights seemed to blink in a reticulating fashion.

This object was approximately 400 to 500 feet above the ground and about 200 feet from the road. 

Just then, I had another shock; there was more than one object! This second object (see object 2 below) was moving slightly next to this first object (object 1).

Object 2 was at a slightly lower altitude (possibly 50 feet below object 1). These two objects also appeared to be within 100 feet of each other. 

Both objects were exactly the same shape, had the same number of lights, same color and all 5 of the lights visible were blinking. It seems one craft lights blinked in the reticulating fashion and the other objects lights just came on and off.

As I focused on this second object, I realized, it was moving very slowly towards 1I-95 (us and the two / three cars behind us). I remember stating out-loud, 1Oh Jesus1. (Comment: My wife, being a strong Christian, I assume was insulted and ignored my comment. I am sure she was concerned I said this. She also does not believe in this phenomenon and I did not bring this to her attention.)

I was in shock, as I have never seen a disk in person before let alone two objects at one time. I also knew we were in a position of vulnerability. We were unable to move until the traffic could move. I felt a little panic knowing this.

I also wondered, were we being watched by these two floating objects? Were these objects observing the cars and trucks in this backup? 

I then thought for a split second, there could possibly be a third object? but could not verify that assumption. I had a strong feeling, that there was a third object but could not get a good look at it. I just 1sensed it1 another presence.

As the cars began to move, I was glad we could leave the area. I forced myself to brush off what I just witnessed as a not so happy observation. As I traveled down the road, I had the inclination to look one more time in my rear view mirror. Sure enough, there it was in the rear view mirror where we left it. I could still see one stationary object with its lights blinking on and off near the highway.

In retrospect, I now realize, two things: 1) when I saw the first object from a distance (a few miles away before the back up), the second object 1object 21 must have been behind the other, or just showed up after we all came to a complete stop. 2) If I had not had my moon roof open and looked up when I chose to do so, I would have never seen these two objects. The angle of these objects was above and to the right of my roof. Meaning, it would have been impossible for me to see these objects. The only way I would have seen these in the back up is if I was 20 or 30 cars back and was looking up to the sky in the direction of the right hand side of the highway.

I know people saw this. I am sure they wish, they had not.

Description of Two Objects

These objects were disk shaped. Both had 5 lights along the rim. This tells me, the craft had more than five lights perhaps 15 to twenty around the entire circumference of the craft. The objects where two half1s of an inverted bowl.

Each craft had to be 2 to 3 inches in length from at arms length. According to my calculations this would make them approximately 80 feet long. The height of the craft would be 1 to 1/5th of its length. This calculation assumes the objects were 200 feet from the road (us) and 500 feet in the air. Estimated distance to objects from my location would be approximately 538 feet.

The lights blinked on and off each second or less. One object lights seemed to reticulate in a sequence.

Though the sky was now dark, the lights from these objects and headlights from the backup traffic seemed to show the exterior color of these objects were 1silver1. In other words, I knew they were not black or some other color. More silver / light gray like coloring.

Report to the Police

Given this was a major accident that occurred on I-95, and not knowing how the accident occurred. I thought the police might like to know what I saw. I first contemplated their reaction. Would they think me a NUT doing so? However, I rationalized after a day or two, if I saw this while driving and focused on these objects, I may have had an accident. The cars had been moving fast, the road bends and any amount of time eyes being off the road to view an unusual sight could cause a car accident. 

I first contacted the dispatch officer at East Lyme a few days after this sighting. The dispatch officer heard my story and referred me to the investigating officer of the I-95 crash at Montville. I shared the story again this time via phone voice mail to this officer. A week later, not hearing back from the officer, I decided to follow up by email to the head officer of the police station. I inquired, if they knew anything and to please share what they had heard so I could report this event to Mufon. 

To-date, I have not been contacted. Does the police know something? Did others report this same event? I may never know. Perhaps they think, I am a NUT!

Conclusion

I am still in shock, the memory of what I saw that evening I cannot change. What I saw that evening was both awe inspiring and scary at the same time. This was real. It was frightening and interesting all wrapped up in one event.

Someday I hope the government will come clean and share what they know. I was not looking for this - It was present.

I will add, the following day - another witness reported a similar craft to NUFORC near exit 85 (10-10-2011) a week later two witnesses submitted a similar craft near Hartford to MUFON.
