{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-01 01:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3198,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5497607.json","updb_database_id":5497607}
{dr}orb multicolor-changing slowly, very close, very detailed near ground

I was sitting on a pier overlooking Bayou Bernard in Gulfport, Mississippi during the summer of 2011, with a friend. It was around midnight, and as we sat there talking I noticed a swirling ball of light about 100 yards to the east of us. At first and even to this day I thought it was some kind of trippy disco ball and perhaps someone was having a party and it was just some kind of one-off lighting decoration. But recently memories of that night have come flooding back while looking at videos of various orbs of light. I now believe I had a genuine sighting of an orb up close. Its description is this: it was 100 yards away, appeared to be approximately 10-15 feet in diameter, and its surface was most amazing. It did not flash or blink, it changed colors the entire time, reds, purples, blues, yellows, pink, orange, greens, but it wasnt ever a solid color, as one color was covering its visible side another would come washing across not in a line but with a fluid motion, as if it were filled with all the colors in the rainbow swirling around inside. I dont remember how long we watched it but it was more than a few minutes and I remember saying to my friend,"what is that, thats so wierd". My friend is a person who doesnt care about stuff like this so it would be no use asking. One strange thing was that even though this was highly unusual, thinking back to our reaction it was like this orb wanted to be seen but not remembered if you know what I mean. Like we were talking about other things and mesmerized by the shear spectacle of it but still not talking about it then or even later. Now that ive thought about it I believe I had a up-close view of some type of orb that changed colors very slowly and differently than the videos ive seen of orbs in the sky. Perhaps it changed colors slowly because its energy level was lower than when its flying through the sky. The memory is forever burned in my mind. Then again maybe it was just a trance-hypnotic party ball. Just FYI, I have seen many unexplained sightings of aerial phenomena, huge black flying triangles twice in Kansas City, green orbs following my car with my wife in Mississippi, stars cutting right-circles on the Gulf of Mexico, a classic flying saucer my Mother and I saw landing and a missing time abduction dream when I was in 9th grade where during my first episode of sleep paralysis I was taken on board a crystal-like ship watching myself stare at a screen while a grey crept up behind me and touched the back of my ear with a sharp probe.
