{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-26 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5485607.json","updb_database_id":5485607}
{jpg} It was a blinking object being followed by a jet.

Well, to begin with I was sitting at the corner of my couch half heartedly watching a movie.  Then lights caught my eye from my western-facing living room balcony.  This is a bit normal since I live in a medical center. So, I see helicopters quite a bit from my balcony. It honestly didn't seem right, but I casually kept an eye on it. There were too many bright lights coming in from the NNW. Like 3-4 headlights from a car over the treetops and buildings. I still didn't think it was too unusual since we have a lot of helicopters flying in from various locations to the hospitals in my area. 

Then I felt something was off, so I went out onto the balcony to get a better look.  I felt that what I was looking at was "off" and it was too graceful and slow to be a helicopter or airplane. So, I knocked on my son's window to get a second opinion.  Since that time the object changed direction and headed towards the west. I begin recording at this on my phone. By that time my son appeared on the balcony with me. I was still convinced that it was a plane.  We took noticed of a jet following, according to our perspective, above and behind the object keeping a constant pace with it. The lights on the object were flashing randomly, and a blue light turned on and this convinced my son this was more than a plane. It flew low to the horizon from our 2nd floor perspective.

I lost visual on the object due to buildings and tree branches. My son however ran after out of our apartment to get a better look. I followed. By that time the object was heading from a SW direction and headed east. Like its flight path was more of a curve. My son went up the street to follow it, and according to him it just disappeared mid-flight. This frightened him more than anything. Needless to say that there was a sense of disbelief and excitement. I'm still not sure what we witnessed that night. The jet escort followed this object up until it disappeared. For a while afterwards the sky was "crowded" with jets and helicopters. My son was able to get a good visual before it disappeared, and quickly sketched the object our with the layout of its lights.
