{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5505607.json","updb_database_id":5505607}
{rjl} Red-orange light over flying Dayton, OH on New Years Eve

We live in the northeast part of Dayton, OH. I1m a retired Air Force officer and currently working as a defense contractor; I have several technical degrees to include a Bachelors in Aerospace Engineering. I was an Air Force pilot and worked for several years at Headquarters Air Force Space Command.

On Dec 31, 2013 at 10:00PM, I went to take the trash out. As soon as I went outside, I noticed a formation of red-orange lights moving slowly through the sky. We had a broken cloud deck from 1000-1500, with some light from the city being reflected from the underside of the clouds, and these objects were clearly visible underneath the cloud deck. There were about 12-15 objects, from the S-SW to N-NW, moving over our house - COMPLETELY SILENT, so I knew they werent airplanes or helicopters. They were in a ragged line formation, all moving at the same speed, and the objects at the head of the line were grouped in a square formation and werent moving - almost as if they were waiting for the others to catch up. The head of the formation began to get dimmer, as did the others behind them and thats when I noticed that the objects right over our house were climbing into the cloud deck. They all faded from view.

When I first saw them, I knew that they werent the typical aircraft that we see in our area, being in the traffic pattern of Wright-Patterson AFB. I called for my wife to come out and take a look, and when she came out and saw what was happening, she went back in to get her camera. However, her camera was a point and shoot and didn't get a good focus on the lights, I guess they were just points of light to the optics and she didn't get any photos. Given the visibility, brightness of the objects and proximity to the Base, I would expect the Air Force tower controllers to have made visual contact with these objects.

Entire encounter was about six minutes.

I know that these weren1t airplanes, helicopters, balloons or birds. These were objects under some type of control and were able to maintain a disciplined spacing and formation.
