{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-28 20:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77349","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5892,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5482607.json","updb_database_id":5482607}
{jpg} I witnessed a V shaped boomerang craft with five lights moving in the night sky.

UFO INCIDENT

12-28-15
2037 hours
Haleiwa Boat Harbor
Haleiwa, North Shore Oahu, Hawaii

When we are little, we were taught by our parents to never tell a lie about anything. Tell the truth and you will be forgiven. Well, I have a story to tell and what I'm about to tell you is the truth. I know what I saw and what I saw was real.

On December 28, 2015 at approximately 2037 hours, I was standing next to my fishing pole which was placed in a sand spike. I was checking on my hook line connection to the swivel, to see if it was strong enough to be used again.

Facing in a north easterly direction, slightly high on the immediate left side of me, I noticed a large black rectangular shaped object moving slowly in the night sky. At first, I thought it was just my imagination. After a few blinks to clear my eyes, something was there presently. Then it moved from the west to the north easterly cruising and picking up speed. It had a dull satin shimmering (table cloth) like finish with three wide ray of yellow glowing mists lights facing downwards in an evenly spaced formation. 

The craft was so dark, it showed a separation in color and was darker than the night sky. I remembered seeing stars with some clouds and a hint of moonlight at the time. The front and back end of the craft appeared to be blunt with no points or sharp edges. It was visualized clearly as day, as if it was placed there in a painting.

As it continued moving towards the left front of me I noticed it tilted towards the north (away from me) and all of a sudden it turned into a triangle V shaped boomerang craft with the tip of the V being the front section of the craft. It had a total of five resets lighting all together. One light was at the tip of the V while the other four (2 and 2) were spaced evenly on each side. 

The triangular V shaped boomerang craft was approximately a mile and a half, or even two miles long given the height and distance between us. It was far out to sea following the curvature of the north shore area from Haleiwa where I was at, to Kahuku, approximately 10 miles from point to point. It moved with absolutely no sound whatsoever, and blended in as it disappeared behind some clouds. As the craft faded away, the lights could still be seen shining in and out from behind the clouds now moving at an incredible speed. I could not believe the size of this thing. I know we have no aircraft of this size with this magnitude that can move with such great speeds. It took off faster then anything I ever seen. 

I stood there for a moment realizing what I had just seen and started coming to grips with myself. My heart was beating fast as I stared at the clouds hoping to catch another glimps of this thing again. The whole incident lasted approximately 25-30 seconds. 

My wife's son was standing on the right side of me and noticed what I was staring at. He saw only the lights behind the clouds. He asked me, "uncle what was that?" I said I didn't know. The object left a sense of awe and fascination which inspired me to truly believe,"we are not alone." I tried to brush it off and didn't want to scare him believing it was nothing to be alarmed about. But it scared the living day lights out of me? He kept talking about it as I kept brushing it off assuring him it was nothing.

Approximately 12-15 minutes later we witnessed two fighter jets flying side by side slightly staggered with their after burners on speeding off towards the direction the craft where we last saw it. They appeared to be very high and noticeably above the clouds. I wasn't sure at the time but I believe they came from the Hickam AFB direction, south going north. We saw the bright flames at first with a delay, then heard the roaring thunder behind them as they too disappeared behind the clouds. 

After seeing that, I knew what I saw was real. It was a goose chase in the making. It was eerily quiet after the whole ordeal. We packed up and went home for the night. The incident scared me so much, I couldn't stop talking to my wife about it late that night. I had no camera ready or a cellular phone to capture an image of the craft so I actually drew it to the best of my knowledge. If anyone have had a similar encounter such as mines please tell me I'm not going crazy?

As a child, I remembered sitting in the back of my father's pickup truck looking up into the night sky and seeing a yellow-mustard colored saucer shaped object moving across the sky. Being so little with no knowledge of extraterrestrial crafts at the time, you come to wonder and believe in questioning yourself. Gee that's kind of odd. I watched it for a moment as it zig zagged like no other aircraft, stopping on a dime, and with impossible speeds that can crush a human body. Then the craft suddenly dashed across the sky once more only to disappear. 

Incidents like these are hard to forget especially when you're a child. If it happens to you once then it can be slowly tucked away and not forgotten. But if it happens to you twice, now as an adult, then it's telling you something. I'm truly a believer.
