{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-20 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4172,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5496607.json","updb_database_id":5496607}
{rjl} Saw 4 so called fire balls in the western sky

I was headed north to work and noticed something to west/southwest direction and pulled into the church to take a look. I had noticed to objects that looked like fire balls heading in a southern direction. One was training ways behind the other and both had taken on a horizontal path almost. As I was watching them i noticed a third object just appear out of nowhere high in the sky like it was just dropped. It was going fast and also left a trial behind it. I video taped and snapped pictures of the three for a while and noticed a 4th one appear in the sky but this one was heading north instead of south. As I was snapping a picture and before I could change it back to video I watched it doe some kind of a half flip turn upwards and over flip and then was now facing in the southern direction like the other 3. The first 2 had gotten to far for me to watch so i focused on the last 2. As the third one kept moving i could see it take on a more straight horizontal path and the tail behind it was getting shorter and then it was like morphing into a sphere that had a glow around it and just pretty much stopped and hovered in place. While that was going on the 4th one kept dropping in altitude and could see it start to take a slight curve into a straighter line on its path. The 3rd one was still just hovering in that same area and it seemed like as the 4th one got closer it was starting to light up more like its flames or tail was starting to get longer again and then when the 4th one got to a close enough point the 3rd one starting moving slowly and in a southern direction still then after a few minutes of me watching it it just vanished out of site and I was moving the camera around to locate it but couldn't see it anywhere so I stopped and headed to work. The 4th one had moved behind the tree lines and I just seen a orange glow that kept moving when I stopped taping. My brother said its a meteor but a meteor wouldn't go from a falling diagonal path to a horizontal path and it would just stop traveling hover in place and just be a white sphere and then light up brighter and then take off or as with the 4th one a meteor would not change its direction and go the opposite direction of the way it came in falling into the atmosphere. He obviously didn't look at the videos I shot. I also had trouble getting it to focus because the powerless were in my way and it kept wanting to focus more on the closer object. The videos are kind of shaky because the camera was heavy with the 500 mm lens on it.
