{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-10 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4238,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5503607.json","updb_database_id":5503607}
{nd} Hovering, followed the car then flew away at a fast speed

The story of my girlfriends experiences that never made reports and never wanted to tell anyone for the fact people would think she is crazy.

Her experience would go back to when she was a little girl in Fresno. She would wake up in the middle of the night seeing a bright light shining threw her window, like a florescence white and bright. different nights she was getting visits. In her living room she said they had some big size windows and that was the windows were she saw the aliens commonly known as the grays. they would stare at her for long periods of times and she felt like they were talking to her threw her mind. she would tell me in detail how these things looked, from the broad shoulders to how skinny they were. she would see the short ones that gave her an easy feeling that it wasn't there to hurt her but the taller ones she said were the ones that scared her and those ones she got more of a meaner vibes. theses vibes that she got were there ways of communicating.
Fast forward time she is in her early 20s year is 2006 in a town called Sanger outside of Fresno. she has three people in her car. A guy, girl and the girls daughter The road is dark no street lights. A craft pools up to them less than 100 feet above them. All four witnesses are freaking out for the fact they are alone in the dark road. I asked her if there was a chance it was a plane or helicopter. she said no way it was much bigger making no sound with less than 100 feet above them with lights on the craft. her friends told her to step on it and she did and this object was above her the hole time. the little girl was crying the guy was praying. from what she told me they all in the car were historical. Finally the craft disappeared.

I always told her that I feel like they are following her..

We live in South San Francisco now and my mother lives with us. About a year and a half ago one evening when me and my girlfriend were not home but my mom and my nephew were home. we have a big yard with a lot of trees, almost makes you feel like you are in a forest when you get to the back part of the yard. the forest type part of the yard is covered by a fence. My mom said that she noticed that my dog had its attention in the "forest" that is name we call that part of the yard. so the dog was watching something and my mom said how she noticed the dogs head moving fast from one side to the other almost like when you have a laser pointer and your dog moves its head fast to keep up with it. so she told her grandson to come with her to the "forest" to see why the dog is acting that way. when she gets there my mom and my nephew see these creature's in the forest running around in a very fast speed. they were around three feet tall and it was hard for her to make out how they looked because they were moving around at a very fast speed. she did say she saw green on them that could have been there clothing. My mom and nephew were very scared when they say these creatures. when ever I bring up this story they cant really remember what happened afterwards. I to my knowledge I never heard of aliens three feet tall running around at a speed faster then human. I hope someone can tell me if there ever has been another sighting of aliens of that kind.

I am 100% that my girlfriend, mom and nephew is not making there story's up. My girlfriend would take these story's to her grave if it wasn't for me. I want this to be reported because it gives me conformation that aliens are out there and so are these crafts and I want the people to know too
