{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-04 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5292607.json","updb_database_id":5292607}
Started as a bright orb pulsing and glowing a little higher than. It disappeared and then reappeared at a much hight altitude.

We were outside having a smoke and my dad pointed to the sky and said what is that? I looked up and saw a glowing, orb moving forward in a straight line. He had told me that just before I looked it had been 'zig zagging'. I continued to watch the orb move forward and then it disappeared behind cloud cover. It came out of the cloud and the light became much brighter for a few seconds and then dimmed to what it had been before. The light dipped behind cloud cover again, came out one more time and then disappeared. It was definitely larger and closer than a satellite and it was not flashing like a plane would. 

Maybe 5-10 minutes later we saw something moving in the sky again, only this time a lot farther away. At first we thought it was a satellite and watched it traveling north. It all of a sudden stopped and then came back south in the sky. During this trek back south, the light would stop and then suddenly go. It would also 'bounce' around or 'zig zag'...something that you wouldn't see any other aircraft do. it did this for about 30 minutes before it came to 'rest' in the Lyra Constellation (I pulled out the app on my phone for that). It took the place of where the Vega star would normally be. I continued to watch it for another 30 minutes and it would 'bounce' around in this location but never seemed to move to far away from the constellation. 

At around 9:30 PM the movement stopped and I continued to watch for another 10 minutes but it never moved again.
