{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70005","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5489607.json","updb_database_id":5489607}
{dr}Abduction / Examination -this was a reoccurrence as I later realized

A few years ago, I had woken startled, but relieved to be in my own bed. I had very vivid memories of the occurrence that had just happened. I had been examined by beings and returned home. This recollection gave a full understanding that this was one of many 'abductions'. I hesitate with that term, since I didn't feel I was there against my will, and was very familiar with one of the beings, almost like an old friend. The routine examine was completed and at some point I was walking around the ship with this 'old friend' we talked [through telepathy] and discussed many topics, some that regarded humankind and the future for us and our planet. This discussion we had feels as if it was of great importance. However, I cannot remember the details. I was visited again several days later. There were at least two different species. There were beings that were similar to what are described as Greys. I felt a small sense of hierarchy that the taller ones were superior to the shorter ones. Not certain if they were juveniles to adults or different classes. The second vivid memory there were hybrid like shorter beings with bright blue eyes and blond hair, the taller Greys were present. Again, the 'old friend' was among the group.

I am not certain why they allowed me to remember these few details of these visitations. I feel like I need to revisit this conversation with the 'old friend' because it stressed importance. If you would like to discuss this in greater detail I am open to conversation. There may be many questions than can be answered. 

Most recently, I had a sensation that another occurrence may happen that evening. Strange sensation that they were in the room as I prepared for bed, but I could not see anything, but felt they were present. Oddly, it felt like 'He' -the 'old friend' or familiar being was there. The next day I felt like my left eye had been stabbed with a needle or something. More painful than debris in my eye. On my drive to work I became increasingly sensitive to light, to the point that a beautiful sunny day had become painful and blinding. I did not have a headache/migraine or history of migraines and have not experienced this before. Nausea and blurred vision are also symptoms. 

I would be very open to regressive hypnosis to recall these occurrences and specific conversation. I hope to have more clarity to these instances.

Thank you for your time and understanding.

Best Regards,
A.-
