{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-04 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2433,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5521607.json","updb_database_id":5521607}
Saw lights in the shape of a flock of birds or boomerang coming from the west heading east that glowed in a misty sort of way.

It was 5:30am and I was out in my back yard in the coastal community of Solana Beach, CA. Ive never star gazed at that hour before, but I was looking for some meteors before getting ready for work. It was a real clear sky and I was excited to see several meteors but then all of a sudden from the west came this shape of blurry white/yellow lights in the shape of a boomerang with space between each light. At first I thought it must be a flock of birds because of its shape ( that is the only thing I could think of making that type of shape in the sky) but I couldnt understand how it would be glowing. And why would there be darkness between the lights as if every other bird was lite up. But as it went over my head I realized these werent birds. My brain was trying to process what I was seeing and come up with a rational explanation, but I have none. There were 5 lights but they were blurry glowing like behind a mist and I watched it go right over my head and to the east in a straight path until it disappeared. I have no idea how high it was, except to say that it wasnt like looking at a jet way up high. It was much closer than that. and much larger. it took about 6 seconds for it to pass. I was in complete shock as to what I had just seen. I had wished more than anything that my husband had been outside with me, but he was sound asleep. I am not one to have ever visited this or any other ufo site, but I have talked to several people about what I saw and one of them told me about this web site. I checked the local news when I got home, but no one reported anything, but then again neither did I. So If someone out there can give me an explanation as to what it could of been I would love it.
