{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465607","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/607/mufon-5465607.json","updb_database_id":5465607}
Seen above Orsett Hospital, along with at lest 6 other people parked by the road also observing it. Thats why we stopped.

Driving from my home address in "Basildon Town" to my inlays home due West in Grays Town. Whilst approaching Orsett town en-rout to Grays Town we were passing Orestt Hospital, this is when we saw 3 or 4 cars stopped in the rad in front of us with people looking toward the hospital. We stopped (me, my wife and baby son) and saw a "very" bright ORB just static above the hospital, within a couple of mins or so it just went straight up vertically and was gone in a second or to. Every one there was amazed and we all decided to contact the local police stn and tell them of what we had noticed. My wife did this the next day and was given an incident number from them.
Some days later when I returned home from a days work, she told me that someone came to our home during the day and told her that if she persisted in telling these ridicules stories she may be considered to be mentally unwell. She was still stressed when she was telling me and insisted that we forget about this thing altogether.
Since then we have become divorced and she now lives in the next county.
I have thought of this incident many many times over the years and have even dreamed about it, as time goes by I am getting more unsettled about the whole thing and very annoyed with myself for letting my experience be silenced by my ex-wife and whoever the individual was that came to our home.
My wife never asked for any ID from him.
I have never spoken to "anyone" about this since then as I feel that I will not be believed, but I now constantly think about this incident and feel the need to tell someone, and you seem to fit the bill.
Thank you.
