{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527216","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28420","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/216/mufon-5527216.json","updb_database_id":5527216}
Shiny metallic and round. Nore like spherical.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? I was in the State of Michigan Pennitentary. The location of the prison was I.T.F (Ionia Temporary Facility). Another siting was at M.R. Dorms (Michigan Reformatory Dorms) 

2. What made you first notice the object? My friend and I went outside of the barracks to smoke cigarettes. I don't know what made me do so but I looked up and saw something in the clear blue sky. I mean you get tired of looking at men all day long. But my friend and I stood out there in front of the barracks smoking cigarettes. I looked at it for about ten seconds trying to figure out what it was that I was looking at. It just hovered there in one spot. I looked over to my friend and tapped him on the shoulder and asked "What is that?" He asked, "What is what?" I pointed to the spot and it was gone. Or so I thought. I scanned the immediate area where it was located and then I found it again. It had moved to a different location.I then pointed it out to my friend and he looked at it for a long moment and then said "Man I don't know what that is." WE then looked down into eachothers eyes and then looked back up at the thing and it was gone. I scanned the whole span of sky and didn't find it again. The second sighting was at M.R. Dorms. It was nighttime. I was on my way to a N.A. Meeting that I took in order to get out of prison. Trust me in prison you take any class necessary to get out even ones that are not needed. All I needed was Assaultive Offenders class and Pre Release class. I took that extra class to look good for release. I was released two years later. No I didn't use drugs while in prison. I didn't drink what they call spud juice either. That's home made wine in prison. LOL! As I was saying, I left out of my dorm and walked around the building to enter A Dorm. I was looking at the sky because in the country you see way and i mean way more stars in the sky than you do in the sicty. I love the countryside. It's beautiful at night. While I was headin towards the door of A Dorm I saw a star move from it's stationary position. It moved closer to another star and then stayed still. I had never seen anything like that in my life. From that point it didn't move. (Note: I mentioned the first incident to NASA when they used to allow you to ask the astronaught question while they were in space. I never got an answer back. That was when I was first released from prison in 2001) I've seen some strange stuff since then only it wasn't alien phenomena. I've been tailed and everything. I just never told anybody until now. Everybody has been trying to make me crazy lately. I guess that comes with the territory when seeing u.f.o.'s and then telling the government that. When I was a child my friends and I used to make fun of white people saying that they saw U.F.O.'s. I have seen strsange things in the sky periodically throughout my life. The spacestation was still in development when I was in prison. But how do you explain the things i saw as a child? I mean as a 9 or 10 year old child? Did i have a flight of fancy or a wild imagination? My grandmother had just taken me and my friend from next door to see the fireworks display. I saw what looked like the box on a blimp only there was no blimp. The thing was lighted alll of the way around it. It wasd rectangular and huge. With as much light as there was on the thing you would've plainly seen the blimp or huge ballon on top[. There was none! I no longer make fun of white people for saying that they see u.f.o.'s. I'm not racist either. That was just a phase that we went through. I just went along with it because i didn't want to be made fun of too. But I did see what I saw. I just haven't been abducted or anything like that. From what I here I hope not! I would hate to be anal probed! LOL! 

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? To tell you the truth I didn't know what it was at first. I've heard the roswell story of weather balloons. But those balloons were elongated. This was not. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions. The one from cildhood is rectangular with lights surrounding it. The second at I.T.F. was spherical shiny. The third just looked like a white dot on a black canvas. The first moved slowly across the sky. The second hovered for a while in one place and in the span of two seconds possibly three it moved a nice distance. I know that it wasn't a balloon bec ause when I was a child my elementary school did a balloon release. We tied cards and everything to the ballon. It was for research. The entire school did it at the same time. So I know how a balloon moves. It may seem stationary but it'as really moving. It doesn't travel great distances in the sp[an of two to three seconds. Not a balloon. When I found it again it just hovered there in one spot. When we looked at eachother and then back it was a matter of two to three seconds. It was completely gone! Balloons don't just disappear like that. I don't know how many of you have been to prison but I.T.F. is surrounded by nothing but woods. many of the pennitentaries are the exact same way. Surrounded by woods. Especially when you move further north. Wild Animals roam them woods. And I wass a trusted prisoner at that. I ended up getting a gate pass and everything and was allowed to gop out into the woods. The third one was basically looking like a star. it was stationary at first and then just moved in a atraight line and then stopped and didn't move again. Hey you can try and explain away whatever you like. I know what I saw. You can't tell me nothing differently. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. Who would believe me?! My friend and I never told anyone until now of what we saw as children. I only told my friend *(Name deleted--CMS/sg)and pointed it out. It was a feeling of like I expecte to see it though. There was nothing really important about it so to speak. As if I was used to seeing them. No big deal. But we did one of those moves of where two people are looking at something in shock and look to eachother as if saying do you see what I am seeing and the look back. That what happened. The third was like Hold on I know that i am not seeing things. it was like looking at a spot on a wall forf a long time and it seems to move on it's own. Only this was a star. And every night that I got the chance i looked and only seen that star in the same place that it had moved to. It was always in the same location every night. 

6. How did you lose sight of the object? I lost sight of the first by watching the fireworks. The second was by taking my eyes off of it. The third it just appeared as a star every night. Crazy huh? I have no pictures what so ever because he I was in prison. Talk to people in prison if you want to know thet truth!
