{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-14 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458216","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/216/mufon-5458216.json","updb_database_id":5458216}
{cak} lights over Marietta, GA forming a triangle

My girlfriend and i have witnessed in the night sky over Marietta for the last 2 nights and early mornings lights in the form of a triangle. no true outline. 3 main lights that stay white mostly.. they appear to be stars at first.. but flicker and change color.. color change is from purple to green to blue to yellow with no specific pattern. we have been shining our flashlights at them and get reflections off of them.. they respond to the lights by moving erraticly at times but nothing drastic. at least 2 of the lights have a red light or seperate ball of light that stays close to them inside the triangle. the red lights are much fainter. the brightest light of the 3 is the most reactionary to the light. The lights remain overhead for hours and move around in triangle formation at a slow rate with no specific path.. more or less hovering overhead or in our vicinity and never leave our sight until around 5:30 A.M.. they tend to track off to the north in the direction of Dobbins AFB/Lockheed. lost them under a fog/cloud cover yesterday morning. we had thunderstorms until late evening and early A.M. After the storms ceased my girlfriend and i noticed them. i am watching them right now and have been for over 4 hours in same location as yesterday. We have seen the same type of triangular light formation about 30 days ago within a few miles of this location.. Current location Bells Ferry Road and Field Pkwy close to hwy 41.The other location was also in Marietta a couple miles away off of Morgan Rd in Morgan Farms subsivision by small lake at night and early A.M. we watched the lights appear in the early A.M. around 1:30 . The movement of the brightest light of the 3 and color changes/flickering was what brought the trianglular formation to my attention. The Triangular formation stayed in a hovering pattern with some suttle zig zags from the brightest light like what weve seen these past 2 nights. i would say with some confidence that this is the same grouping of lights. i do feel like this is some sort of experimental military aircraft/aircrafts that use a silent form of propulsion and hovering technology . i will re-iterate that the lights are responsive to our high lumen flashlights. I believe all the lights are connected together to move as one but i dont see an outline or outer fuselage that would confirm a solid triangular vessel. i suspect this is a regular occurence abd will be ongoing over this area and has been for some time.. The formation could easily be mistaken for stars and at times try to blend into the night sky as if it were just stars. I have not made any quality photos or videos that are worthy of submition. very unstabe and crappy at best.
