{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-11-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486216","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/216/mufon-5486216.json","updb_database_id":5486216}
Large Landed Craft on top of local mountain far left corner approx 1/3 area of mountain top

This sighting was In the late fall early winter of 1974 I believe. I would have been 11 years old at the time , I am know 52, 3 friends and I were playing hockey on a homemade rink in our friends backyard. It was a cold and clear, crisp evening. It was quite dark as well. The rink was located directly behind my backyard. As kids at the time we were skating and playing on the small rink when one of my closest friends had said, hey whats that? We looked to the direction he was pointing and it was toward Mount McKay which is approximately a 1,000 ft plus ancient shale mountain that is visible throughout the city. We lived only about 3 or so miles from it so the view was excellent.So what we all witnessed was bright deep red rectangular lights going around an oval pattern, fairly rapidly in sequence. When the lights went around the back they would disappear briefly and reappear on the front view able area again. The shape the lights went around on and off in sequence was oval disc like. We could not see the object, just the lights encircling it, in what appeared to be in the center circumference of it.As kids of that age we did not know what it was or even think of the word UFO.We did not know anything about that stuff back then. The lights appeared digital and very precise in speed. This object was positioned on the left of the mountain which seemed to cover approx 1/3 of the mountain top. Mt. McKay was quite untouched and still is to this day mostly.It sits on Indian land and it has maple syrup trees, and a small ski area which is not at this location of the sighting. Some people used to say that it is skiers torches but that is not the situation here this was something large ,and appeared intelligently controlled, since we did not have that type of technology then, especially that big.

The other thing that is interesting is that area had the city's drinking water supply from Loch Lommand which in the 70's was considered to be one of the best drinking waters of its time.Whether that is relevant or not is unknown. So while we watched these lights going around the object my friends gave up and started playing hockey again. I remained in the middle of the ice still staring at this thing in amazement. My friends told me to move or start playing which I did. I then looked up again less that 2-3 minutes later and it was gone. We did not see it leave. The next day there were supposed reports to the radio station and so on from numerous people. We talked about it at school the next day.Apparently some witnesses seen the object take off rapidly into the night sky. Nothing ever became of what we saw, or at least as far as I know.

I never thought about it at all for many years until one evening in my early 30's there was a show on TV called Town Meeting from Seattle. They were talking about UFO sightings. A person on the show reported seeing a craft with red sequential lights very similar to what we saw in the mid 70's as well. After watching that it brought me right back to that evening where we saw what we did.

To this day I have almost been haunted by it when I think about it and wish I would have watched it until it took off. I went back to my hometown 8 years ago and went to the library with my son to try and locate a newspaper clipping about the sighting. I spent around 2 hours and gave up due to time constraint which was disappointing that I could not locate anything. I still believe there is a record of it there or somewhere. I have told many people about this experience since, and stood at the base of the mountain from a distance and got big goosebumps.It is still to this day quite haunting , the thought of who and what it was we saw, which I know was a large disc shaped object.

This is an absolutely true event which I have shared with Stanton Friedman by writing to him and now Mufon which I should have a lot sooner! I want to ask if this type of craft with these similar lights have been reported to MUFON especially from the 70's around mid North America?

To this day since i have been an avid UFO buff and have seen most shows from back to Sightings that was on Fox I believe all the way to mostly everything to date they have aired in my area to date since the 90's. I rarely hear or see any stories reporting the red sequential lights we saw though, which I find odd.

I have had 3 more different sightings since that time 2 orbs,a black triangle, and something high up like a satellite but upon further observation I watched it change direction and proceed in an opposite direction. It is mainly due to my dedication to amateur astronomy & stargazing with high powered binoculars I have had for many years.

Thanks for allowing me to share my experience.I hope the picture of the mountain turns out adequate.If not i retrieved it from the net.
