{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-25 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549216","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/216/mufon-5549216.json","updb_database_id":5549216}
3 Objects Appear and move accross sky - two fade and then blink out

My wife and I were having dinner and decided to open the blinds and saw the first object coming from the west. The first object was cigar shaped and was moving as an aircraft would. It looked like the sun was reflecting off it, but the sun was setting in the west (behind the object) and through the binoculars the entire object was glowing. We thought it was a plane, but then it started moving north across the sky and then turned and started going west again. We then noticed a second object that appeared to be coming from the west towards us. We knew the object was coming towards us because it got bigger. The second object turned north and continued to move north. As it moved, it appeared to take on a cloud like appearance. The first object was almost out or site as it had moved further west and then it disappeared below the hills that are directly west of our house. While the second object continued to move north, a third object appeared about the same place as the first two. This object was shaped in the classic bell curve. It appeared to rise above the skyline from below, but it could have been flying low and just come over the hill while it was ascending. At any rate, it ascended vertically and then appeared to bank with the bottom of the bell angled towards our position about 45 degrees off vertical and horizontal with the top of the bell still visible. The second cigar shaped object was still moving north. The bell shaped object then turned over about 180 degrees so that the top of the bell was pointed downward the same as the bottom of the bell had been. That is why I said it appeared to flip over 180 degrees. Then, while my wife was watching it through the binoculars, it just 1blinked1 out of existence and was gone from view. There was no moving in any direction so that it could be assumed that it just went out of site; it just disappeared from view. The second cigar shaped object was still moving north and as I watched it through the binoculars, it slowly faded from view and just disappeared also. Again, it was not moving in any changed direction or at any increased speed, so that it could be assumed to have disappeared over the horizon, (the first object did that); it just disappeared as the bell object had. 

There was no way to estimate how big the objects were, how far away they were or at what speed they were traveling. Because I have seen jets moving in all directions, in this location and others (as the Phoenix airport is in that direction), the objects were not traveling at any high rate of speed, not faster than jets and much slower, especially the bell shaped object. I would estimate by an educated guess that the objects were somewhere over the Phoenix area. Even through the binoculars, the objects were glowing brightly such as a cloud might with the sun below and behind it. They did not behave like any cloud I have ever seen and were NOT clouds.
