{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524216","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3391,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/216/mufon-5524216.json","updb_database_id":5524216}
Two Orange/Red Lights Take Different Directions

The way it happened was..
 At 11:15pm (roughly) I was talking with my brother in law in our terrace.. He was sitting down facing towards me and I was in front, looking at him talking.. Behind my brother in law there is a mountain, roughly 300 meters from us which I am facing looking in that direction.. When I1m talking I see a big orange/red globe,burning light moving slowly behind my brother in law and above the mountain behind him.. It was moving slowly towards the beach which is south.. Something that made me think that the light was not normal (star,comet..) was that the hole sky was covered with white storm clouds and no stars where visible only that light, which means the light was below the clouds.. At the time I did not think anything but as looked at it till the end I think it was controlled by something.. I looked at the light for a few seconds and asked my brother in law what was that light that was moving our direction.. We stopped talking as the light hypnotized us, we could not take our eyes of it.. we never seen a light that big in the sky.. at one moment I though of going down stairs for a video camera, but I thought it will not last long.. 15 second (roughly) passed since I saw the light when I went running for a binoculars I had there and when I was about to look at the light, another light the same size, same color, going at the same speed and in the same direction rose up from behind the mountain.. it was like a "mars attack movie", my brother in laws first reaction was to say " If the first light was strange, two lights is even more stranger" two burning orange/red lights going same direction one behind the other.. The second light was the one that made it all more unreal so it was the light we most looked at.. The two lights traveled a minute both gong the same direction (south) and the weird thing is the second light ended up going West, it slowly turned. I traveled West for 2 minutes and suddenly it flickered and the light turned off, but we still could see something moving, same direction,same speed.. it seamed as the light was covering that shinny thing.. To tell you the truth, I only saw something moving after the light turned off, but could not make out the shape of it.. I think it was like something oval and long, but at night I could only see something moving.. we stopped seeing that object when some big trees that are near a town called Deina (West) which are at 5 miles from us.. All I know is that what ever the object was it was visible at 5 miles so it must have been quite big.. I regret every day not recording that as it lasted roughly 5 minutes.. ( SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH )
