{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-11 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5517276.json","updb_database_id":5517276}
No strobe lights, no sound, no star, no satellite, straight line star like light, then dissapeared.

I was in the terrace of the building I live in Downtown Santiago 22nd floor, then I saw this light similar to a star but much brighter than a star and a satellite too, it did just one straight path (this path was similar to a plane going from the INTL Airport of Santiago, Arturo Merino Benitez to a small airfiled called Eulogio Sanchez Tobalaba but never landed). First I thought it was descending, but then the object reduced it1s speed and stopped descending and began a horizontal path at approx. 2,000 feet. I saw it during 3 or 4 minutes at 19:10, it was dark at the time, no clouds. The object emitted no lights of any kind and no sound either, at the moment I could saw a few comercial planes in the area, much brighter (with their corresponding strobe lights) and much noisier too and one helicopter, I could easily identify them however not this weird light. In bottomline I have seen before during my life (I am 31 years old) space junk falling from the skies, little meteors and this was definitely none of them and I was a private pilot too, and I have never seen sometihng like this before. I tried to film it, however my cell phone wasn1t able to film anything, too dark for my cell phone I think, and the object I am not sure if it dissapeared behind a cloud (even if I didn1t saw any cloud) or behind the smog of the city, or some weird fog or mist, not sure really, maybe it just became invisible. Difficult to say. I called inmediately the www.dgac.cl, similar to the FAA in the U.S., at 19:19, however a guard of the entity answered me and said that at that time everybody finished their work it he was all by himself and didn1t helped me at all. Thank you very much.
Greetings.
Francisco Sandoval.
Santiago, Chile.
