{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-24 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64169","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5495276.json","updb_database_id":5495276}
{rjl} I witnessed two light spheres/orbs across the canyon area behind my house and watched for 25 minutes.

I live in a small condo complex with 24 units. On the east side of the buildings is a sprawling canyon area with a few homes on the further hilltop. It is a rural area and the hillsides are covered with oak and scrub oak and the like.
There is a row of power line towers that cross the canyon and make their way up the hillside on the other side. I woke up randomly near 5 am. I went out on my patio for some reason, and I saw a strange brilliant blue light across the canyon area. I went outside and over to the fence to get a better look. I saw a light sphere or orb that was bright blue and from it it was emitting what looked like a laser or plasma dome over itself. I say lasers because it looked like lasers shooting out from the center sphere with the effect being the look of a half circle with the flat part on the underneath near the ground. The blue lights would fade to almost undetectable to bright blue and pulsating. It at one point dropped a white orb or sphere. This light would travel eastward from the blue light. It traveled slowly and sort of milled around different areas before returning to the blue orb. While the white orb was away from the blue one, the blue one would fade out almost entirely. Upon the return of the white one, the blue one became exceptionally bright. The blue one was also not stationary. It would follow the ground and raise up off the ground as well. Even though it was a dark evening, it wasn't so dark that I couldn't make out the tree line or the power line towers. The blue one remained in the area of a tower that is different than the others. It is more rectangular and different in purpose perhaps. I will hike over and see what there is to see. The blue orb would move a little back and forth east and south/west as well as up and down the hillside. It would not venture out like the white one. The white one would go out mill around and return. It did this numerous times. Each time it met up again with the blue one, the blue one would get very bright. I watched them for approx 25 minutes until the white one returned to the blue one and seemed like it went inside the blue one which then faded out and was gone.
