{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-15 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5485276.json","updb_database_id":5485276}
{nd} Both my baby and I were abducted from bed in the early a.m. and examined.

One early morning around 3 a.m in June of 1992 (about five years after hearing and seeing saucer shaped hovering craft over the house next door one late night that took off in a flash) I was awaken from my sleep by what I sensed to be a group of small beings. At the time I was a new mom, around 23, and my baby was about 3 months old. My baby was in bed with me that night (she did not sleep well in her crib) and I remember being very aware of what was going on and against my will taken out of the bed and floated down my family's long apartment hall where I was met by a security gate across the back door. My mom and dad's room was just across the hall, and I had several other siblings in the home. Oddly, no one else woke up and I was unable to call out or make anyone aware of what was going on. When I reached the gate, I consciously though "great!" I figured now I could be taken no further and would obviously be left inside. I knew I did not want to go outside nor go with whatever these things were. At that point, I blanked out. The next thing I remember, I awoke in an all metal room, which was not very large, and I was lying on a metal table. There was a large examination light by the table and shining brightly over me. All of a sudden I realized that I should have been in bed, but was in some strange place, what I believed was some sort of craft. I asked myself a few questions to test my rationale, and I was very much of sound mind. I panicked, because I realized that what was happening. I did not see anyone else at that time, and could only hear faint sounds, maybe some sort of communication in a distant room. I told myself that I would get up and sneak away, however I had no where to. When I slowly raised up, as to not make any noise, I looked over to see my baby, dressed in the yellow t she had gone to sleep in, lying on an small metal slap in the corner. That's when I freaked out! I totally lost it, and without thinking, I remember screaming and running out of a doorway into a dim curved hall with large windows surrounding it. It was not my intent to leave my baby, but the hysteria took over and my brain told me to run. As I was running for a very short time, I remember hearing a group come from behind. Suddenly, I was grabbed by several beings, and it was then, that I saw one, a small grey alien, by my left side holding on to my arm. I remember trying to fight and pushing the one down, which seemed fairly easy, while I was taken to the floor by the others. Next I woke up in my bedroom again, and I was being held down, while vocally screaming this time and calling my mom by her nickname. There was something placed at the back of my head in a hurry and it buzzed and shocked me as blue flashes of light reflected off the wall. This all happened while the t.v. was on in my room. The t.v. had been on even before the entire experience occurred.After seconds, I could hear my parents running towards my room, and in an instant, I was let go. I was fully awake but I could not see them. They seemed to become invisible or something. I tried to explain to my parents , but they believed it was a nightmare. I can never explain to some people how when you know you are awake and can think, comprehend, and test yourself to know that something is real. They would have to experience it themselves. The experience left me traumatized, and I pray that every time I close my eyes, they won't show up. Since that time, I have been visited several times where I have been given shots and had my eyes examined with a pen type light or some type of scanner that hovers across my bed. A few times, I have clearly been able to see them. They were the thin large headed aliens that many call the greys, however they appeared a bit more transparent from the head down and had what looked like some type of brownish fluids being circulated throughout their bodies. Honestly. I wish they would just die, and leave me alone. I hate them, and I do not like talking about them. I only had the courage to write about them after listening to an interview with Kathleen and Denise. When I think of what happened, it can get emotional. If I could kill them, I would. That is how angry I feel when I encounter them, but I am often paralyzed and can't do anything accept try to scream. Very weird, because for over twenty years, the hair that is in the area where they buzzed my head will never grown over three inches before breaking off, not matter what I do, and I often feel drained. To this day, about once a month, I have a very weird sound that goes off in my head that wakes me up at night. It sounds like one loud quick beep, but always internally. Like a switch going off. It's so weird and hard to explain. Whenever they come and stick me, I always feel horrible just afterwards. I feel like they are injecting me with some sort of chemical. I don't know, but it feel good, getting this off my chest. I have told only one person this outside of my family, but they never took me seriously, so I decided maybe I shouldn't mention it to people I know, but to others who may believe. I had no idea that this could happen in a very well lit and populated city, but it did.
