{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-18 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5516276.json","updb_database_id":5516276}
{cak} Noticed object and lights coming on and off from that was grey in color, no sound

It was really weird, the object and a light that would go bright then dull was just coming toward our house high up, like a plane that do usually go to the airport, but this one was going side to side and a lot slower. I watch this thing for about 5 minutes because it was just not acting like a plane. I Finally got up and went to the edge of the deck, because it was just wasn1t weird. I called my son from the house to see if he can see and yes, we saw it with this light on it as well and could tell that it was really slow, just moving in diffent levels. The light patern was really weird becasuse it would go on real bright then dark, then bright again. Finally called my wife and daughter out and they saw it as well, but it did not have a light on it, but it just floated down, probably a mile from the house. It was grayish, black in color and just finally floated below the tree level and out of sight. The object froated down at about a 10 decree again going very slow, was kind of gray and black and was not circular, but seemed to have edges to it. It finally went down below the tree level about a mile away, my son and I got in the car, but just wasnt sure which way to go other than toward the W. Didnt see anything for 5 minutes so came back home. It was about a full minute and we are just kicking ourselves because we have both and ipad and iphone, but we were just frozen, because we really could not figure it out. It was right at 8:15, so it was still light enough outside to pick it out. Really weird. We were hoping that someone else got it /  It was some kind of weather ballon, but not one of those normal passender ballon. It kind of looked like a stealth airplane. Kind of fun, given it is a true undentified flying opject that none of my family could say what it was, Just our luck not to film it.
