{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-04-22 21:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5528276.json","updb_database_id":5528276}
There were three lights that was in a half moon shape. At one point the lights flashed three times.

Good day,During the time of the sighting I was living in a high ride apartment building on the 13th floor over looking Center city Philadelphia. I always kept my telescope in front my window. My guest got a kick out of looking at the different sights on south 13th street. They especially enjoyed looking down to the Spectrum stadium on game night. This particular night I was walking pass my window and something in the sky caught my attention. By this time, I had been living in my apartment for 6 years. I had looked at the sky on many, many nights. But there was something different. I looked through my telescope and what I saw, well, I don1t know what I saw. But whatever it was, I felt that I needed to get it on tape. I got my video camera and did just that. At one point I found myself saying out loud, 1If You1re Not Stars, Give Me A Sign1 just at that moment these lights blinked three times. Well, needless to say, this really got my attention. As a matter of fact, it scared me. Did this thing hear me? Am I losing it? I continued to film and while I was filing the lights started moving. The only way that I can accurately describe this is to say that it looked like a ship that was nose-diving in the ocean. I filmed as long as it was visible. At one point I got up on the ledge of my window (13 floors up) and filmed until the lights disappeared behind the Wanamaker building. These lights move from directly in front of me, to the far right I me, and just disappeared. I could not wait until the next night. At 9:22 PM I was right back in the same window, camera ready. Nothing. I filmed the same areas, and nothing was there. That Monday I went into work and my former boss was a retired Army person. I showed him the tape and asked it he knew what this might be. I asked if this could possibility be stars or the constellation Orion1s belt? His answer, and I quote 1If This Is Orion1s Belt, He Must Be Bending Over1. I don1t know what that is. He suggested that I contact our local new station and speak with the weather person there. I did. He suggested that I contact the weatherman at one of our other local stations. He gave me his number, and I called. After explaining my reasons, I soon realized that I was an unwilling participant in their joke. How I realized this, this weather person tried to give the number of yet another weather person. I just hung up the phone. I can truly understand why people do not come forth in situations like this. Look at just how long it has taken me to say anything about this. And I1m still not sure about this. If this turns out to be no more than a constellation of stars, fine. If not, this uncertainty that I am feeling at this moment about submitting this will be well worth it. The tapes, as well as the camera is available for your viewing and inspection.

Thank you,

*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
