{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-20 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5503276.json","updb_database_id":5503276}
{rjl} Green/Two Red super bright lights just above homes in Arizona

My 15 year old son and I had just left my brothers house to drive home. We live in the same neighborhood so was only about a mile drive. As soon as I pulled out of his street onto the main interior street of our neighborhood which is Butterfield Parkway I caught a quick glimpse of a green and red light. As I continued down the street which is about a three mile circle around the inside of our neighborhood it first goes in a north direction then to an east direction I came to the main entrance to our subdivision where my son and I both saw the lights again as there was no obstructions to our view. It was a very bright green steady light on the left side of the object and two distinct bright red lights on the right side. The two red lights would glow brightly about every second almost like flashing. It was traveling from west to east and appeared to be about an 1/8 of a mile or closer to us. It was moving east at about 20 MPH. There as no sound. My son thought it could possibly be a helicopter. We pulled over to observe it for about a minute until some trees and houses blocked our view. Continued on to my section where I live and we pulled over and watched it again through the clearings as it continued on east until again blocked from our view. We then went home. The thing that puzzled me was the navigation lights were on the wrong side of this object for the direction it was traveling. It was going away from us heading east as we were faced east and the green light should have been on the right side not the left. The lights looked like they were almost attached to each other they were so close. The green light was very bright and steady. The two red lights were also very bright, close together, and flashed together about every second.To be honest I have no idea what it was but as low as it was if it was an aircraft they were flying extremely low about 300 feet above the houses and made no noise. I know at least one other person saw it as they pulled their car past me and was waiting at the traffic light to my subdivision to exit and when the light turned green for them to go they just sat there most likely watching what we were watching until the traffic light turned red again.
