{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-11 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54619","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5504276.json","updb_database_id":5504276}
{cak} Unmistakeable shining disk huge in size. Me and my daughter watched this thing for about16 min. So shiney gone in a flash! Unreal!

Me and my daughter was driving north east on Mann Rd. In Indianapolis. we observed about 23 cars pulled over the side of the road. I thought it must be a beautiful sunset this evening,the last vehicle however people were pointing up and I saw a flash from a camera. So we got around the corner where I could get a look at the sunset, and there it was. I immediately pulled the car in the only space left in a drive way,and immediately me and my daughter got out and we watched this beautiful gleaming spaceship just up in the sky. There was other things flying that day as we are not far from the airport. I immediately felt a vibration start in the top of my torso and I felt a shiver work it's way down all the way to my feet. My daughter watched it I told her to get her I pad out and record. She did and it should be on this thing. My daughter got scared and wanted to go where the other people were but I said I didn't want to take my eye off it. Right then I turned toward my car door, looked back and it was gone. I think about this ALL THE TIME! I felt as if who ever was piloting this huge shinny craft could read all of our minds at the same time. I'm almost positive. Anyways after it was gone we stayed there I had to collect my thoughts as to what we had just witnessed. Right then about one or two moments, there were about 5 or 6 jets all heading in from different directions toward where the U.F.O. Was at. It was the most shinny thing you could ever imagine. This is NO JOKE! It seems like it wanted us to see it. I immediately understood why people don't talk about this kind of thing. There's nothing or no one on this Planet that can do anything about it if we had too. I would like to talk with someone that had a experience like the one me and My daughter saw.
