{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-07-03 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5492276.json","updb_database_id":5492276}
{dr}3 red orbs appear in sky at different spaces. one lined up and a second lined up and they 1 by 1 converge to the 3 orb

Went to an outdoor bbq in Whitehall, Michigan with friends. It was dark out probably 10 or 11 p.m. The sky was full of stars. It was cool I had never seen so many stars at one time. Beautiful. Girlfriend Liz and I were sitting on the picnic table just looking all over the sky when a red orb slowly come into our direct field of vision in the west. It hovered as another red orb came from the east and it hovered too. As those two lined up with each other a third red orb showed a bit above the first two as if from the north. The farther orb met with the second one and looked like they became one and they met with the third and they were all one. 2 seconds after that it went off just shot off and was gone. I said "Liz did you just see what I saw?" She said yes. We were both kind of dumbfounded. What the heck was that. No one else was looking up so we are the only ones that noticed them. I know it wasn't any fireworks. No one was lighting any at the time. The orbs were farther up than any firework I have seen. There were no trails behind them. no kind of a heat wave around them. Just solid red orbs. I was 26 27 at the time. I am now 55 and it seems like it was yesterday. We sat there and observed these for only maybe 45 seconds and were awe struck. I whole heartedly feel we saw ufos. Never seen anything like it before. I've been watching the hangar 1 videos and there is a video with the electric and plasma universe or something like that. Anyways the way magnet fields work it was sort of like that when they converge and became one. Kind of eerie not knowing what was up there. I feel better I told someone who might truly understand this. I still keep an eye in the sky and more so because I live 1 mile away from South Bend International Airport. Lots of low flying over me. I only wish I had video or at least a photo. Awesome experience! Sorry this appeared to take place out over Lake Michigan.
