{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-13 18:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2701,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5480276.json","updb_database_id":5480276}
{cak} 3 or more flame-like lights, slow path then hovering, then disappeared.

I had just parked my car and gotten out with my friend to say good night. I first noticed the objects because I had looked up at the moon which was very bright, but not full moon. The objects were not very bright, they looked to me like flames that changed shape. I told my friend to look up. We stood in the street and watched the small lights move slowly from our right toward our left. My friend and I grabbed our cell phones to record what we were seeing. My friend said he couldn't get good video. My phone worked well. My friend walked ahead of me and was talking to me; I didn't answer back because my phone was so close to my face and I didn't want to record my voice as it may sound too loud. He called out my name and said call the emergency number, which, I am glad to report, I didn't do. The objects gently and slowly moved right to left, in a triangle formation, with the rear object farther away from the two in front. At times, I focused my camera on the object at the rear as it seemed very slightly larger. Sometimes it looked round, alternating with a crescent shape. It got brighter when in the crescent shape. I zoomed my camera at this one object, and it looked very round, just like a saucer standing up on end, with a brighter circle in the center. I zoomed back out and then my video recorder timed out. At this time, my friend and I watched the lights "flicker" and then disappear, first the two in front and last, the rear one. I felt excited and happy while this was happening, my friend felt anxious and "a little freaked out" at what we witnessed. We were both very grateful that we saw this amazing phenomenon together. He called emergency number, but the operator was not helpful. He decided to contact MUFON today, but I don't know if he has done that yet. I have watched my minute-plus long video many times and it's awesome to see. I'm very glad I recorded it.
