{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-30 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471276","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/276/mufon-5471276.json","updb_database_id":5471276}
Saw a bright white light but couldn't find source

I was walking at sunset near my parents's property (we live in a farm). It had rained heavily during the day and there were many enormous clouds in the sky above. In the southwest direction there was a very small and fuzzy greyish cloud, very far from any other clouds, and much smaller than the rest. I looked at it initially because I thought it looked funny. After a few seconds, it flashed a white light. I kept looking at it, trying to find the source, waiting for it to flash again. I couldn't see any airplanes or anything like that around, just the cloud, and it was moving southward very slowly. Someone told me, and I have seen it myself a couple of times, that there is a small airplane that takes pictures of the ground, apparently government owned, but I couldn't see it this time. Sometimes airplanes fly nearby as well, but I couldn't see or hear any, either. So I immediately thought it was an UFO, for some reason. The way it was slowly moving made me think that it was something unknown, even though it might as well just be a regular cloud moving because of the wind. And then the light, which I honestly can't understand and would like to. I felt sure that it was an UFO (even though I've never believed those could be seen from earth) and also a bit curious and afraid. I kept looking at it for a while, but could see nothing more, only that it was still moving very slowly southward and that it appeared to have smaller clouds under it, also soaring and moving. As it was getting darker, I went inside, but for some reason the "incident" was still on my mind, so I decided to look the internet about it.
