{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5491657.json","updb_database_id":5491657}
{dr}I was 3 years old, I experienced this through out my life. I still see objects at random. 4th kind

I've experienced visitors since I was a child. I use to hide in my closet under my toys and stuffed animals. One night I don't remember how I got out of my room but I remember the hall light being on. I ran down into my parents room where the television was on and their bathroom light was on. I ran and jumped onto my parents bed and tried waking them up. They wouldn't move which was odd my parents have always been very litem sleepers. I felt something I got goose bumps and slid under the covers as I watched all of the lights and television went off. And I moved between the backboard and the matress. I hid and watched a green light glow through the house.. then watched the tall dark figure inter the room. I watched it walk towards my mother it stopped looked at me and moved to my fathers side and hovered over my father so I slid under the bed and I prayed I asked in my heart for god to save me from this monster as I then felt pressure move over me and a flash of white light and I felt safe and warm. I then woke up the next morning and went down to ask my mother about the night before and she went from cheerful to pale and sick looking. She then brushed it off and told me I was dreaming. I would be 15 the next time I had another similar experience but this time I had went to bed fully clothed and woke up outside of my house completely naked and I asked my mother the next edition day if she remembered anything from when I was a child and she told me exactly what I had written down in prior to my questioning her. I've woken up naked multiple times in various places every experience I've had has been between 1am and 3am. I've seen several different ufos, I am currently 25. I'm writing this at 12:24am on July 9th 2015. I wrote this because something is making every dog outside bark. I was a glowing light right now 3x out side of the windows now there is no sound outside it is dead silent. I'm actually quite terrified at my apartment in champaign illinois. I feel pressure at the moment there's something in my room and I'm downstairs. I canthink hear anything outside and the weather was rainy and now just loads of fog as well as an unusual sound outside. This is all I have for now.
