{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-24 09:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2763,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5524657.json","updb_database_id":5524657}
T-shaped gray frame with 3 white lights in triangle arrangement

Around 9AM on August 24, 2011, I was headed SE on Highway 30. Before I reached the Sauvie Island bridge, I saw what looked like a plane in the sky -- white, glimmering, about the right size. I watched and waited to see its wings. Instead it remained sort of roundish and it seemed to
be turning, since the light reflection looked like its changing. So I
started to wonder if it was a helicopter but very high up. As it turned,
it got darker -- and suddenly it was gone. Since I was driving, I
really couldn't scan the sky much to find it. I kind of smiled to
myself and thought that it was sort of like a UFO sighting.

As I got closer to Linnton, however, I saw the thing again! The experience was the similar only it took place over about 10 seconds
instead of 30 or so. It started out glimmering, then "turned", went
dark, and was gone. At this point, I started to be curious. Did I just lose track of it before? Because I was driving slower this time, I was able to search the sky a bit. Nothing.

I got my first stop of the drive at Kittridge and 30. I looked up again curious if I could spot it one more time. Sure enough, I saw the thing a third time. I had better chance to watch it while the streetlight was red. There were clearly 3 lights and a Y- or T-shaped frame that looks like a plane without its nose. So I thought that was pretty weird. All of a sudden, the lights on it go out one by one, briefly revealing a gray color. At first, it seemed like it has disappeared again. But I squinted and realized that I could it flying away SE -- a little more east than I'm facing. It quickly faded away into the sky's haze. I' would say it was fast like a jet,
but the haze gave me the impression it was moving higher and faster
than jets I've seen. I eventually lost sight of it in the distance.

And that's it! I'm still mildly spooked about it and am saddened that I've yet to find any other sightings of it on the Internet. I really don't know what I saw but it was definitely unlike anything I've ever seen. So I felt it best to share my sighting since others might be doing the same.
