{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-30 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5282657.json","updb_database_id":5282657}
I saw a light moving across the sky, it flashed a bright light and then disappeared.

It was late March 2021 and I was sitting in the backyard with my wife enjoying our new grass we just had put it. We were also out there so that I could show her the ISS for her very first time. Following the coordinates provided (we looked to the southeast) we found the ISS. I showed her that it really just looks like a slow moving star. She found it interesting but not "as cool" as she thought it would be. If I remember correctly, that night it was visible at approximately 8:00pm local Arizona time. I would say about 10-15 minutes later, I am still looking up at the sky (my wife was on her phone at this time) and I am looking to the west when my eye catches a steady paced moving object that just appeared to look like a star from my perception. So the first thing that went through my head was did I mess up the coordinates for the ISS, but I was absolutely positive that I did not do that, so I just kept watching it. Plus it was moving at a much quicker pace than the ISS. It was flying in a straight line and at a steady pace. LThen a feeling inside of me as if I could tell that they knew I could see them came over me and I was literally opening my mouth to tell my wife to look up when the object flashed bright and then just disappeared. It stopped me and no sound came out of my mouth but instead I just kept staring in the same vicinity for a few more seconds before I started telling my wife about what I just saw. She first thought I was messing with her but then she saw my face and knew I was dead serious about what I saw and what i felt. I felt like it knew I was about to alert my wife so that is why it chose that time to flash bright, as if to "confirm" to me that what I was looking at was true, and then dissapear. I felt that I was the one meant to see this particular object for the main reason that I have been asking for some proof of life elsewhere. I didn't need the whole abduction/meet and greet, but something to show me that what I believe in is indeed the truth, and I honestly believe that night was my proof. I have looked and looked and looked and never seen another object like that or flash bright and then dissapear as it was moving.
