{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-07 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5525657.json","updb_database_id":5525657}
3 white lights, triangle, blinking red red center light, possible 2 forward lights

Annual motorcycle vacation. Rented houseboat on Broken Bow lake for the night. 5 witnesses. While sitting around on the top deck watching for satellites after sundown and true darkness (around 10PM or so) with a half moon, an object was spotted coming directly over head from west to east, over us and the lake. Three white lights in a triangle with one point leading in the forward direction, one blinking red in the center of the triangle. What looked to be a possible dual front headlight effect as seen on passenger jet aircraft from below. Even though a lower deck generator was running and we were too busy looking to try to run down and figure out where the off switch was, the object seemed to be practically silent for the perceived altitude. A very low rumble that could just barely be heard over the generator noise. The object continued on in a straight course until out of sight due to distance.

At first sight, looking straight up facing north, the object was first noticed at about 30degrees west, continued directly overhead toward the east until out of site.

My first and still current thought is a large military transport with silenced or muffled engines, assuming they have that sort of capability. I report this because I have seen pictures online and TV that show the same light formation and described as UFOs. The object did seem to be really big and slow moving as large planes can appear. I would just like to know which planes have that particular light pattern as seen from below.

Another curiosity is that one of the guys slept on the upper deck and said the same object returned through the same airspace but in the opposite direction sometime before dawn. There were no audible propeller, turbine or other familiar sounds other than a low almost inaudible rumble. Other high altitude aircraft were seen as usual but all looked familiar with the usual different strobing and blinking lights. This object appeared to be fairly low altitude, about half a hand wide at arms length.
