{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1959-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5528657.json","updb_database_id":5528657}
Felt someone was out there

I was probably 10 years old when my grandfather gave me a paperback book on UFOs. Ever since then, I was interested in trying to find one. Our family lived on 17th Street in Kansas City, KS in an older two-story home. The homes were about 100 years old and quite close together so there wasn't a lot of sky visible. One night about 11:00 PM when I was approximately 11 years old,I started looking at the sky out my front bedroom window. I sadly thought to myself, "I want to go home; I want to go home". Then I thought...what do I mean? I AM home! I then laid down on my bed so I could put my head on the window sill to see out the window on the side of my bedroom. I kept thinking to myself "I know you're out there somewhere, I can feel it". I continued back and forth between the two windows. I had noticed a bright star slightly to my left when looking out the side window. It was directly over the edge of the roof. I continued back and forth looking out both windows for about three hours. The last time I looked out the side window while lying on my bed, I had my head turned to the right looking up. Then, something caught my eye and I turned my head to the left. The star that had been stationery for three hours had begun to move. It made a sideways "S" pattern and continued over the next door neighbor's house so I lost sight of it. Tears came streaming down my temples. I felt as if I had been left behind. Was the "S" for my name "Suzanne"? I get agitated when no one believes me. They said "Well, it must have been a helicopter or a satellite". That high up and stationery for three hours? I know what I saw and how I felt. I decided to finally report this because other people are coming forward with sightings from years ago. Thank you for your time. Sincerely, Suzanne H
