{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3773,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5519657.json","updb_database_id":5519657}
5+ lights in a constant circular motion for approximately an hour expanding in diameter

Okay so i usually take out my dog out for a walk around the hours 12:30-1am eastern time. When i walked her out on 4/3/2012 around that time first thing i notice when i get out of my house is my dog barking (yorkie mix). Now i disregarded the barking as this is what i find to be a normal behavior of dogs. I crossed the street across and walked up the end of that block but throughout the way my dog continued to bark.I found it unusual that there were no other animals outside. On a normal night you see alot of stray cats that come out or just wild birds. It was eerily quiet. The sky was filled with white clouds with blue backdrop. There was only two more people outside around this time. Its a quiet neighborhood with no cars passing by and dimly lit. I wear glasses and so i thought i was seeing flashes of a camera and was trying to find the source. The light was bothering my eyes. I couldnt see anything and i just looked up. As i did i was astonished and could not believe what i was seeing. I saw approx 5+ lights in a constant circular motion hovering above me with the blue background no clouds covering it. It was small in diameter and would remain in a circular motion and these lights would come together to one large circle then again spread out into these separate individual lights. It was an unusual pattern and i tried to identify what it was. The airports are not that far from our town and because so i knew it wasnt a helicopter, plane or anything that was apparent in our usual normal days. My first instinct gut feeling was to get out of there and run home. The duration looking at the lights was for 3-4 mins. i then picked up my dog and ran home. As i was opening the door in a frantic i looked behind me and it felt as if it had followed me. It literally moved from its stationary spot hovering right above the 3 story residential feder building that i live in. I ran up the stairs and woke up my family to look outside. As they glanced outside 15 mins later the lights had expanded in diameter and covered a much wider area. THis time over the white clouds. It remained as such for approx an hour. I felt safer at home but was not going to sleep until i did something about it. So i posted it on my facebook, contacted the media via facebook too. I called 311 to report this phenomenona and they said to contact the media. I was so reluctant to call and so i waited those first 45mins to contact anyone. All three of us mom, sister and myself took turns looking outside. I kept my dog on the couch she slepping but began to shake as if having a nightmare or something. i tried to pick her up and she jerked off frightened. i spoke to her softly and held her close comforting her. She was quiet the whole time. An hour later when i looked outside they were gone. We all checked and they just disappeared. No lights nothing......I couldnt record anything because it wasnt clear enough for my mobile device and camera to pick up. Sketch enclosed to show pattern of lights
