{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-12 13:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5288657.json","updb_database_id":5288657}
Brilliant white, cylindrical/cigar shaped object flying at a quick pace perpendicular to wind direction a couple hundred feet off the ground.

This sighting took place in Normal IL, and unfortunately I was only able to maintain visual on the object for 5-10 seconds. It was a sunny day, with some small, low sitting clouds. The wind was between 15-25mph blowing from southwest to northeast. As I was driving back to work from lunch, I was making a left hand turn from Eastbound College Ave onto Northbound Veterans Parkway. I was the first car in line at the light, And as I saw the light turn green and began to turn, I noticed straight in front of me and moving to my right was a bright white, cylindrical/cigar shaped object. The distance is hard to guess, but I would say between 1/4-1/2 mile away and a few hundred feet in the air. It was below the low hanging clouds, maybe 1/3-1/2 the distance up to the clouds. The object was not flying like you would expect, because it’s orientation was up and down, so like a paper towel tube standing up but still moving perfectly horizontally. I tracked it with my eyes, even looking over my shoulder as I was making the turn somewhat in disbelief of what I was seeing. I quickly realized I needed to watch the road and looked away. I immediately took the next right hand turn to pull into a parking lot and attempt to get another look. By the time I pulled in and was facing in the direction it was heading (~30-45sec) the object was nowhere to be seen. It did not appear to be moving to extremely fast, but maybe at the speed of a helicopter and in a perfectly straight line. My first thought was some giant weird long balloon, but I quickly realized it was not moving in the same direction as the wind. I sat for a few minutes in the parking lot scanning the entire sky and only saw clouds and 1-2 airplanes very high up. I made my way back to work, and I got there I looked out a large window in the same direction, hoping to see more. What I did see, was a very large military style plane. Not a jet, but the kind with huge wingspan and several large propellers on the wings, making a very low altitude circle, pretty much exactly where I had been parked watching 5-10 minutes before. I watched the plane as it completed one more circle, and then got even lower and it appeared to head towards our very small regional airport. I took a snapchat of the plane to send to my wife, but did not thing to save that video. I’m used to seeing planes come in and land, but not usually this type of plane. I wish I had been able to watch the object longer, but I also did not want to cause an accident in a busy intersection. I have attached a photo I took out the (dirty) window at work to show weather conditions and the area of the sky where the object was seen.
