{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5489657.json","updb_database_id":5489657}
{dr}on my front porch, two objects side by side, came over my house and proceeded NW, disappearing high over the horizon

Around 11 o.clock in the evening, my wife and I decided to go out on the front porch and look for the Persiod Meteor shower. It was a clear starry night. I'm 54 years old, sane and sober. I was staring up at the sky, not seeing any meteors and just relaxing. There's no roof on my porch, it's like a deck. Suddenly over my right shoulder, and over my house, I see two very dark objects moving silently over my street, then over the houses across the street and then disappearing into the NW. When I first saw them I said "What the h--- is that?" My wife, who has bad night vision, couldn't see what I was pointing at. The objects were very dark, almost silouettes. They blocked out the stars as they passed, that's why I knew I wasn't seeing things. I couldn't figure out how high up they were or how big they were. One instant I thought they were kites or something but I knew they weren't as I watched them move across the sky. They were triangle shape when the were directly overhead but the they 'flattend out' as they moved off into the distance. I tried really hard to get my wife to see them but they were so hard to see she never looked in the right place. As they moved off to the NW, maybe twenty seconds or so had passed and I told my wife "You can still see them!" but to no avail. They disappeared.
As soon as I saw them I had a creepy feeling, like these things were not meant to be seen. I can't explain it, but that's the thought that ran through my head. I didn't think about 'aliens' or 'extraterrestrials' but I knew I had never seen anything like it, and for some reason, I believe I never will again. They were completely silent and had no lights whatsoever, but they did have some king of design on them. Like I mentioned, there were two of them but they moved in such unison that when I first saw them my mind was trying to process them as on object, but after a second or two I saw that they were not connected. I drew a picture of what I saw and will include it. I'm an illustrator and have extensive experience in photo-retouching, if you wonder about the image. I can reproduce what I saw very well and the image is as close as I can remember. I sat on my porch and took a picture, and then drew the crafts in on my computer.
