{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-11-24 02:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5523657.json","updb_database_id":5523657}
Orbs over I-5

My boyfriend and I were driving North on I-5 at around 2:30am, location Siskiyou Mountains. 
The road was quiet on both sides and it was a very dark night. We were traveling up to Washington State for Thanksgiving with family. I was driving and he was asleep in the passenger seat reclined. 
There is a wide parkway between the N and S lanes of I-5 as you go through the region. There are many miles of increasingly rolling hills and curves in the road to the top of the pass.  
When I first noticed the objects, they appeared very low on the horizon and must have been quite far away because the first thing I thought was that they were very bright orange reflector lights showing that the road will curve to the right. I was going about 75 mph and in the few seconds, I registered three things, 1. I started to drive to the right since the "reflector lights were indicating that road was going to be going to the right soon" 2. I noticed as I did so, that the white lines on the road were not turning gently to the right they were turning gently to the left and that a truck's headlights were just starting to show through the parkway coming from the North and from the left of us. 3. I slowed down due to the confusion, then saw the orange lights cross the road about a 1/2 mile away and then get much larger and much brighter. At that moment I slowed to a complete stop on I-5, right in the middle of two lanes. The lights traveled at an incredible speed, swooped up to the left about 40-50ft in the air like a steep arch, at this point directly up and to my left, they were so bright their light lit up the entire parkway, trees were outlined and the road was completely lit up. Then they swooped down directly in front of the windshield, if I was standing outside the car I could have touched them they were so close. The combination of my slowing down to stop and the light woke up my boyfriend, just in time to see 9 orbs, about 4 ft in diameter, with multi colors, (but emitting a clean clear white light the entirely lit up the inside of the car but didn't hurt our eyes.) careen in formation, one behind the other, but not exactly spaced apart time wise, they flew past the car, across the road, swooped up directly to our right perhaps 60-70ft, and then, they started navigating through the tops of the trees, avoiding tree trunks (a motion similar to a curving snake) lighting up the entire tree tops until within seconds we couldn't see any light anymore. My boyfriend swore after picking his chin up off his chest because he was so shocked.

The orbs emitted a light that looked alive inside the perfect circles. 
They also emitted a tail, streaks of light behind each one that flew past the windshield. Again we were only about 5 feet away from them and could see them fully in the few seconds that they were in view. I still can't successfully described the colors I saw inside the light, it was multi colored looked like pure energy. The intense white light didn't bother my eyes enough to be able to look right at them. The remaining sensation was that they were actually alive. In the end I would guess the total experience took about 45 seconds to a minute, and that changed my life in terms of belief in things no one has been able to explain. The only comfort I get in terms of the lasting mystery, is that there have been multiple and credible video and witness reports that can verify what we saw was real, was not ball lightning or any naturally explained phenomena. I wish I knew what it was that we saw. I can only guess that it was "alive" because it had the ability to navigate and negotiate through the tree line and not hit the trunks and because of it's pulsating energy. Most amazing thing I've ever seen. My boyfriend was 
quite literally shocked and did not want to talk about at all, his response was to basically not talk about it out of fear I guess. My response has been to keep watching and learning. This happened many years ago and I'm glad to see more information and witness stories than ever provided by sites like this.
