{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-11 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490657","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/657/mufon-5490657.json","updb_database_id":5490657}
obsered 4 stationary orbs at mount Panorama Bathurst

While camped on top of Mt Panorama during the Bathurst 1000 2014 Car races, I had occasion to walk away from the camp fire at around 10am to answer the call of nature. The night was clear and if I remember correctly the sky was relatively dark with many stars out , the view from my position on mount Panorama is amazing with good views of the lights of Bathurst to the north and the surrounding farmland to the west, north and east of the town. 
While answering the call and looking out to the west north west I saw an unusual light in the sky about 25deg above the horizon, on a closer look it was not one light but four balls of light or orbs close together almost touching in a perfect horizontal line. The orbs where some what in the distance possibly above the next row of hills across the valley maybe 4-5 km away, they where small but you could clearly make them out, two orbs where red and two where blue. At first glance I thought that it may have been a police light of sorts due to the colour however on closer inspection you could clearly see that the light where well above the distance hills and the most unusual thing was that they was perfectly still,I watched the lights for 4-5 min and they didn't appear to move at all, directly below the lights closer to me was a large gum tree that I was using as a reference point. looking at the lights I kept expecting them to move as that would explain them away as a helicopter or a balloon. 
I continued to look until my eyes hurt ,the light appeared to be fading and getting smaller, when I looked away for a moment and looked back the lights where gone.
At no point did the lights or orbs blink like a aircrafts navigation lights also you could clearly see that the lights where balls of light not single points of light. The balls where not really glowing and emitting light like a light globe does they had a softer inner glow. I couldn't see any structure with the lights and a no point did the lights separate.
Even though there where thousands of people camped on the mountain no one I know saw or reported it or discussed it.
At the time Being newly interested in the concept of ufos and discussing them with a friend the previous night I was shaken with what I saw as I had lived under flight paths all my life and knew what aircraft at night look like, but actually seeing something I really couldn't explain away was a little confronting, I didn't even mention it to my friend who was still there with me for fear of him thinking I was making it up to back our discussion the previous night, It took months before I mentioned it to anyone. I have now only reported this after looking into the ufo subject and realising the importance of reporting these observations.
