{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5509205.json","updb_database_id":5509205}
{nd} Appeared as a bright deep red. Shaped as a top, and bottom wobbled as it was stationary. Moved away slightly then shrank as it faded away, but did appear to move away.

I and my wife plus two teenaged grandchildren were returning home from a baseball game. It was just about 11 pm on 7/26/13. We were traveling to our home in Southeast Erie Pa., and we were traveling southeast on our Bayfront Highway.
We became engrossed in viewing a really huge, crystal clear, moon that was just emerging from the horizon. As we entered the street we live on, we no longer could see the moon. We continued driving south on our street as it ascended to higher elevations. We found a spot that gave us a view of the moon again.
I stopped our car along the street so we all could look at the moon, and I spotted a small bright red light off to my left side (north). I thought that I also saw a hint of white light. I joked with everyone to take a look at the UFO, even though I thought it was just a helicopter. We have many life flights that come into our Hamot Hospital located about five miles away.
We pulled away and circled around this block we were sitting in, and headed home. As I was backing our vehicle into our driveway, we all saw this large bright red object through our windshield. I placed the vehicle into park, and told everyone to get out, and look at this thing. Everybody was talking loudly, and asking me what this thing is. We were all very excited about the object that we now were viewing.
The object appeared to me to be shaped like a cone shaped top. It was a deep red colored object, and very bright. It was hovering at this point in time, and did not make any noise. It was much larger than any helicopter that I had seen in the Marine Corps. It just stayed in this location as we all walked around our car looking up at different angles of it.
It began to sway (wobble) back and forth a little. I also thought it appeared to pulsate a little, but the others have said they did not see that. I asked our granddaughter to grab her I-pad, and take a photo. The picture immediately appeared on her I-pad screen as a white object, not red like what we were viewing. All agreed that they were viewing a red object.
The object then appeared to slowly (minimally) move away (east) from us. It then looked as if it completely stopped moving, and began shrinking. It then just faded away, and was completely gone.
We have no idea of how large it actually was. It appeared to be rather large. Because we do not know how large it was, we do not know how close it was to us. We do know that it was not in this location when we first arrived home, or we would have seen it clearly while we looked for the moon. It seamed to be at a good distance away, when I first spotted it from further up our hill. We were shocked to see it directly in front of us, just a few minutes later when we arrived home. It was slightly northeast of our home, at about a 45 degree angle, or less, to the horizon.
My wife and I have seen some pretty amazing things along our section of Lake Erie over the years, but never anything this close before.
If I had not seen this with my own eyes, I would not have believed this object was that close to the ground, and over a populated area no less.
