{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-18 15:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5468205.json","updb_database_id":5468205}
{td} 13-15 star-like objects in bright daylight sky moving into formations with some stars zipping across sky seen on slow-motion view of video.

I was home early from work one bright, sunny day, and the weather was absolutely perfect. I was planning on getting work done, but had a sudden urge to make myself a smoothie and very specifically wanted to sit on my porch steps under the open sky, which I had never done before and I don't know why I had this specific desire (we have a covered porch swing that I would normally sit in). Keep in mind, I have never really believed in UFOs or wanted to see one. When I sat on the porch and started eating my smoothie, I had what I can only describe as a thought, really it was more like a knowing, that something was in the sky above me. (Looking back, I have no reason to have had that thought. It makes me wonder if they were communicating with me subconsciously, it was one of those feelings you get when you know someone is looking at you, or I had unconsciously seen something out of the corner of my eye.) When I looked up, I saw what looked like several bright stars in the bright daylight sky. I noticed they were not stars, obviously, 1) because this was broad daylight, 2) because they were moving. The sun was so bright, it hurt my eyes to look up for too long. I remember feeling very calm about the whole situation and watched them for about a minute before I went inside to grab my iPhone 8 to film what I was seeing. While the objects only seemed to be the size of stars we see in the night sky, they didn't seem that far away. Rather, they seemed to be just beyond or within the low-hanging clouds seen in the video. The clouds were unusual in that they were very whispy and fast-moving. The star-like objects appeared to be in a formation similar to a constellation, but they were shifting in relation to one another. They seemed to all be moving in a roughly clock-wise, although not exactly synchronized, direction and seemed to be staying in close proximity to the cloud structure, almost like they were using it as camouflage or cover. I watched the star-like objects slowly shifting into what seemed like formations for a couple of minutes before the sun was too bright and I could no longer identify the objects. Although, on video I can see that they were still there, I had just been blinded by the sun. I left the encounter knowing that I had seen something not of this world, and that these beings (or other-worldly aircraft) were benevolent, maybe even protecting us. I felt very calm and trusting in the moment. Watching my video only added to my amazement because it captured what my human eyes could not. There were at least 13 of these objects, perhaps a few more. If you watch the video, you need to turn the brightness of your screen up as high as possible and be able to slow it down and zoom. To my further astonishment, when I watched the video almost frame-by-frame, I saw several of these objects zipping across the sky in various arched or straight paths. They appeared to be almost tumbling through the air if you zoom in. Some seem to be coming toward the camera from farther away, while others seem to be darting in a direction away from the camera. Some seem to be darting into, and others out of, the center of the formation the group of them were making. Some stars in the formations even seem to disappear and reappear. It may go without saying, I am now a full believer that someone from out of this world is visiting us. I now find myself constantly looking toward the sky for more evidence. I hesitated for several months to share my encounter because I am a physician and did not want to jeopardize my credibility. But, I think the world deserves to have this encounter documented to help improve our understanding.
