{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5500205.json","updb_database_id":5500205}
{cak} It was circular with opposite rotating blue and green lights, no sound.

I can't remember the date of the citing because I tried not to think about after that night. Everyone made fun of what we saw. 

A friend and I lived in Antioch, CA but had been shopping in Concord, CA and were heading home. We were in my 1966 Ford Mustang driving beside the town park. It was somewhere between 7-8 pm. It was dusky dark but I had my lights on and there was a fine misting soft rain falling. Suddenly it stopped raining and we could reflecting lights on the road and the hood of my car. I slowed down, We could not see the outer edges of the body of the object because of the trees lining the streets around us. We heard no sound (not even animals or night sounds) as we watched the vessel above us. It did not move for some time. I can't tell you how much time passed but my friend and I discussed what it could be and why there was no sound. Eventually it left in such a way that astounded us. One second it was there and another it was gone. No change in anything except it started misting rain again. We knew we had witnessed something strange but had no idea what it was. I didn't believe in UFOs, aliens from outer space or any such things but I still can not explain what we did see. 

The following morning I called the police in Concord to find out if any one else had witnessed what we had. The officer told me that he had over 150 calls regarding the same thing we had seen. Even police officers called in and told what they had seen. The following day the newspaper reported people seeing the round object with the lights but Vandenberg AFB had reported that they were testing a new aircraft. But after 56 years they have never revealed anything like what I saw. I know at least 150 other people saw what we saw and there was an item in the local newspaper. I never believed the aircraft testing report but I don't know what I did see.
