{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-13 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3377,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5488205.json","updb_database_id":5488205}
{cak} I saw 3 different types of objects while working out at 5:30 am in Saltillo, MS

I know this universe is big and I have always thought there is something out there but have never come close to witnessing anything. Ever.

I was working out this morning at 5:15 am. Not a cloud in the sky. I rarely look up but I was facing South and just looked up in the sky when I saw towards the Northeast what looked like a satellite going at a normal speed and it was going southeast. I didn't think too much about it when I saw what looked like a shooting star come from the Northeast and went due South but it was going a little slower than a shooting star. I was thinking how fortunate I was to be able to see both in one night. Then 15 seconds later, 2 more things that looked like shooting stars were heading southeast at a constant rate of speed. I don't recall whether the speed changed or not but both went behind some trees and I didn't see it anymore. It was going unnaturally fast. I knew something was going on at this point and that it was not natural. I kind of got freaked out a little and called my wife to come out. She came outside and, of course, nothing happened. I saw one come from the southeast directly over my house and pointed but my wife didn't see it. She went back inside thinking that I'm crazy. I was thinking that myself when I saw 2 or 3 going in all different directions but on a straight line. One from the east, one from the west, one from the north. Keep in mind, I am now looking straight up and I'm seeing these stars/orbs ( for lack of a better word ) moving in one direction but barely changing direction. It was not a start/stop, go backwards thing. They were just moving and gradually going in different lines when I saw one that had 3 looking stars/orbs in combined in one object and it was coming from the east and went directly over my house to the west and just disappeared after it passed me. Like it disintegrated. This really freaked me out. I ran back inside to get my wife again, who already thought I was nuts, and we stayed out there for a few more minutes. Nothing was happening when I saw directly overhead a V or upside down V that looked like a geese formation. It was dark and had glowing lights under it. It was not flashing or flickering and was moving eerily slow, but it was moving South towards Tupelo. My wife thought it was geese, which should tell you how low it was. It was definitely not geese with lights under it. I said it was 500ft high or so but it could have been only 300 ft. I did not see anything else and in 10 minutes, the sun was starting to come up.

I know what I saw. I don't know what it was but I know what it wasn't. It was not a plane, helicopter or anything else that we know and see on a daily basis.
