{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-21 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5548205.json","updb_database_id":5548205}
observed numerous groups of 3 spheres in the sky over 5 nights

These event(s) were observed from July 21 through July 25 while driving home from work (Zimmer in Warsaw). While driving home(initial sighting) from work on State Road 25 (south towards Rochester), and about 4-5 miles out of Warsaw and just past the Devil's Backbone (section of road with numerous S curves) caught a glimpse of several orange colored spheres (three of them) in no organized formation to the south of my location, roughly about 25 degree elevation above the horizon. Observed no actual movement except that the spheres were lazily drifting about and in view roughly 10 - 20 seconds then as if someone turned off a switch they were gone. Continue to observe the sky line while driving and about 5 miles down the road again observed again three orange spheres (close to the town of Mentone)again as if someone turned on a switch. Location this time to my orientation again about 25 degrees elevation but more to the south-west and again lasting about 20 seconds and then vanished. The second observation noted that 2 of the spheres were side to side of each other with the 3rd elevated above the other 2 at about 35 degrees elevation from horizon with a slow movement to the west then again vanished. After passing through Mentone and about 3 mile from the intersection of SR 25 and SR 110 again observed the three orange spheres directly to west of my location in a single file formation again about 25 degrees elevation from the horizon but with a noticeable movement to the North. At this point lost sight of the spheres due to heavy tree line and change in driving orientation. These spheres were noted again the next four nights while driving home on the same road and about the same time for each of the following nights usually noted direction to the south - south west. Distance from my point of view to the spheres, in a linear direction, guessed to be about 10 - 15 miles off. Total time spheres observed was over a 20 minute time period for each of the five nights.

On all five nights that the spheres were noted, the weather was clear and no clouds noted in the sky, the sun was still noted just about setting to the west. Also noted that there were stars just starting to come into view at the time of observing the spheres. (note these spheres were not stars or planets of any type or size as they were well defined spheres and had no wink effect as a star or planet would have viewing through the atmosphere). Also made note that they were no other aircraft observed to be in the air at the time, because I made an attempt to recognize and look for any form of the typical red/green running lights that aircraft have their wings and noted no bright white light that would be on the tail of an aircraft either. Also observed no contrail, exhaust or wake near or around the spheres.

At first thought the lights might of been flares set off by a military aircraft(the type of flares used when heat seeking missiles are fire at them, to try to divert the missile, plus the location to the south is Grissom AFB)but these flares are of a very bright white in color and last for a duration as these were orange (like a pale colored pumpkin)and then just winked out and not just fade out like a flare would. Unable to note any noise or sound from any form of propulsion as I was inside my car driving. These spheres were very similar to ones that I had noted about 3 years while out star gazing with my telescope except for that episode noted that there were four spheres in a formation, that of a trapazoid again noted to the south - south west and moving to west at about 3 - 5 mph.

My feelings at the time of the first sighting July 21, was exhilarating to see another UFO as I have seen many in the past. Also brought back things that I had learned in a couple of night courses that I had taken at Vincennes University 67 - 77 presented by J. Sievers and K. Tevorbough, and tried to follow the procedures that they discussed to document these type of sightings.
