{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-01 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5506205.json","updb_database_id":5506205}
Cloudy night with no Stars. One large orange Star that dropped from the sky like a jelly fish in water right in front of me. Stunning to say the least..

I was out in my backyard off and on for most of the night of August 31st and well into the morning of September 1st. It was early morning September 1st of this year 2013 that I became a UFO believer. I say a UFO BELIEVER but I want to make it clear that I did not see an Alien Creature or Little GREEN MEN but that I did see a UFO up close and it was not from this world. That I do know at 54 years old and a Star Gazer my whole life like most other people that dream about what may be up there among the stars. I told my wife and all of my many friends about my UFO encounter for a couple of weeks or more until I decided to shut up. I was very disappointed that none of my friends or relatives or even my wife seemed to believe me. But really how could they believe me. They all thought that I had lost it. But my wife and all my friends know I do not shoot bull and I can not lie just like Pinnoccio and they all know and respect that. It made everything a little frustrating for me. I have a small video that I managed to get while running down my street with my camera above my head trying to find the object in my screen. It was 3 oclock in the morning and I was still quite shocked at what I had just witnessed prior to my bad idea of getting the camera. There are some cool pictures of the video frames blown up and the picture are a little frightening. When the UFO came straight at me from the north sky it looked like an orange circle or orange light bulb. I thought it may be some kind of science project from MacMaster University or something like that or maybe some kind of hoax. It was certainly odd because at the time I noticed it, there was nothing but clouds in the sky and no stars to be seen. I continued to glare at this bright orange light that was getting larger and larger and seemed to be dropping from the sky as well as moving toward me very quickly. It maintained its large orange circle appearance until it stopped above the house across the street from me. At that point I could not see anything (including my house that I was standing right beside) but PURPLE PLASMA that was firing out rapidly from the complete surface of the outer rim of the large orange circular glow that looked like the moon in front of me. It was breath-taking and I knew at that moment that I was actually seeing a UFO and not a hoax. There were many recent siting that I located on Google after my sighting and I read many reports but I never read of anyone talking about the Purple Plasma and I believe it never got close enough to the other UFO sighters to see the Plasma. I also believe the Plasma is what disrupts any signal it may give off to detect its presence in the sky. The Plasma was electric and moving frantically. It may have been scanning me or something like that as it sat above the house across the street for more than a few seconds. I wasnt sure what to do at that moment. When I finally moved my feet to run and get my camera in the house, the UFO seemed to rotate or shift and then began to move straight West. I ran as fast as I could in through the back door and out the front door with my camera in my hand. I was running down the street and looking down at the camera to make sure I had it set to Video because it was too far for a picture or flash shot. I am a camera picture taking fanatic and my camera is usually at my side or always close. What a mistake that was getting the camera. I should have run out to the front of my house and forget about the camera to continue watching because I missed a few seconds that I could have viewed and because the footage is much like other footage I had viewed on Google. The video footage shows the orange glow moving away from me higher up and a lot farther away. There is a small sparkle that appears very close to it at all times. I have what may be a picture of the sparkle up close. The sparkle object reflects different colored lights much like the flashing lights on the bottom of an Airplane. It also seemed to me that the sparkle may be the large orange UFOs Guidence System ... GPS. I researched as much as I could the next day and many days after for any other sightings at the same time as the siting I had seen. When I came out the front door that night to see where it was located in the sky, and where to point my camera, I could almost see a structure behind the circular Orange Glow as it traveled away from me and was getting smaller in size. It almost looked like a robot type shape behind the big orange glow as I believe I was viewing the backside of the object. The visual overpowering front side may be a smokescreen or cammileon of some sort, hiding the structure that is behind the orange circular glow. With the endless shooting purple plasma surrounding the orange circular face when it was right in front of me, makes me believe it knew I was there. I am a weather guy of sorts and watch the weather channel often as it relates to the clouds and sky activity. I say that because I am located in a unique area of our city for sky activity. I am located at the foot of a small mountain behind me and a valley beside me. I am located right beside Hydro Wires and Towers as well as an Airport up on the hill behind me and straight above me are at least 3 major wind roadways that are always there and that produce some of the most beautiful sunset skies and cloud formations on the planet when the 3 winds meet in the sky. When I researched for other UFO sighting, I discovered that the main criteria for many sightings are Airports and Hydro Towers and Lines. I have looked up in the sky repeatedly every night since and I am starring up more than ever. My fear now is that I will see it again and that may be it for me. I have some questions of my own regarding the whole experience. I wonder if it is possible that I may have received some Radiation from the closeness of the Craft and perhaps it is detectable on my body or in my blood. I know that I was a little tired for a while there with no real explanation. For those who have had a close experience there is the question of will it come back and take me. Are there more and what are they doing. Is there an eminent attack from another race being planned. Why cant people get better proof of these objects or Aliens. I have wanted to write down my sighting for a long time now and I am glad that it is done. I know it must be frustrating for other fellow UFO sighters to get anyone to believe you and I hope my experience helps to ease the frustration a little. I believe you. I really do. I have added the short video that I was able to capture and some of the frames of the video blown up. I believe now that there must be plenty of evidence out there of UFO activities but the Government does not know how to explain it all to us the people. Keep Watching The Skies and Take Care.
