{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5507205.json","updb_database_id":5507205}
travelled about 500ft.going east, inside some low cloud cover over my house, turned 90 degrees right 3 times in square pattern and hovered.

I was in my kitchen at the time looking up through the skylight window watching low cloud cover moving past our house in an easterly direction. I suddenly noticed a disc-shaped object approximately 500ft. directly over the house partially concealed in light cloud cover. This object was travelling in the same direction when it abruptly turned at 90 degrees to the right and again two more 90 degrees to the right in a square-shaped fashion.

The object appeared to have luminescent type lights underneath in a set pattern of a circle and perhaps rectangular in shape. They did not appear to pulsate, rotate, or change pattern in any way and were white in color. The object seemed to be a polished silver color but because of the low cloud cover it was difficult to be certain. There did not appear to be any other noticable features such as rotation of the disc other than a sudden change in direction followed by it hovering in one spot. I very briefly (2 seconds) looked down away from straining my neck muscles from looking straight up and when I did look up again it had disappeared.

I mentioned this sighting to my wife but she thought I was joking. This sighting was not reported for the same reasons. This made me doubt what I saw but something unusual did happen during that short encounter. Noone else was present to be a witness. The object appeared to be approximately 20-50 feet in diameter reckening the altitude as mentioned above. No markings noticed and it appeared to fly at level flight.

Speed is difficult to ascertain, but during my very brief observation, there were no great speed records seen, e.g. car speed around 50mph. just before turning at 90 degrees. During this phase, I noticed a much slower speed. It hovered about 5-10 seconds but missed the departure direction and speed.
