{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475205","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/205/mufon-5475205.json","updb_database_id":5475205}
{cak} Several Star-Like, Hovering and pulsating red, blue, yellow & White, nightly

I posted about these star-like, pulsating, hovering objects a little over a year ago. They usually number between 3 and 7 and can be seen with the naked eye flashing blue, green, red, yellow. The main body of the object glows with a bright white light. Through binoculars,it's easy to see the blue, green, red and yellow whirling, pulsating/rotating lights that revolve around the middle of the objects, almost as if it's a propulsion mechanism. I researched satellites and was able to rule them out--these objects remain hovering but are usually fairly stationary, as if they are cloaking themselves as stars. They are not planets or stars--they sometimes group fairly close together, and sometimes they are further apart--this is observed night after night and can be clearly seen on clear nights. I have watched them fly erratically in the night sky, zigzagging from left to right, right to left, and have watched them drop like a stone to a nearby mountainside--but that's only occasionally. When they've "dropped" there is no sound of a crash, and they do not make any sound. For the most part, they remain hovering and can be seen from sunset until sunrise. The strangest incident was the only one that has frightened me in 7 years I've seen them; I was painting a guest bedroom in my cabin and was moving a table out to the deck to clear out the room. My attention was caught by a terrible, frantic bleating of an elk (they are plentiful here). Looking towards the sound I saw a blinding white light on the mountainside. It was whirling around, much like a police light, but this light lit up the foliage and trees around the area and its intensity and size was much greater. 
I have had neighbors, friends and family members witness these objects regularly from my deck which offers a 360-degree view of the night sky (the cabin sits on a high point and the land slopes down from there, so nothing blocks a visual of the sky). 
I'm posting again to include several pictures, that have been enlarged to view them better. I have a Cannon 5X 16.0 basic digital camera that doesn't pick up the light these objects throw as seen by the naked eye.
If ever a MUFON investigator is available to visit, I would welcome the feedback about what I and neighbors are viewing nightly.
