{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-27 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3143,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5493628.json","updb_database_id":5493628}
{dr}Green orb hovering above horizon; changed to red briefly; met two other white orbs.

At about 9:15PM, I was watching TV and saw a flash at window which prompted me to look outside and observe a distant storm which was lighting up a large anvil cloud. I then noticed a green orb hovering about 50 feet above a tree along the Louden Ditch and assumed it was the light of a distant airplane (although I had never seen an airplane at night that uses green lights.) It was only when I observed several airplanes with the typical flashing red lights and continuous movement through the sky that I realized that what I was seeing was an anomaly. I continued to observe the green orb which momentarily faded to red and then returned to green and it wobbled and hovered at about the same distance above the tree top along the Louden Ditch. I was rather shaken by this observation and, because I wanted a second party's opinion, I woke up my spouse. We then observed the green orb lower in to the tree canopy where it remained for about 2 minutes, lit the entire time. My spouse left for a moment to get his phone and, while he was gone, I witnessed the orb rise in to the sky above the tree at about the same height of 50 feet, and then observed two very bright white orbs moving rapidly along the horizon, approaching from the northeast. One of the orbs began to ascend towards the green orb and the green orb began to descend slightly towards the white orb - the other white orb ascended momentarily and then rapidly moved towards the southwest away from my field of vision. After the green and white orb appeared to touch, the white orb descended to the horizon and moved rapidly away towards the southwest away from my field of vision. My spouse returned (he missed this entire meeting of orbs.) The green orb hovered in place for a moment and then my spouse and I observed it ascend at a constant speed straight up to a height of about 200 feet before it descended again in to the tree canopy along the Louden ditch and remained there, lit, until I decided that I had seen enough. I didn't really sleep well because of this incident and woke up at 1AM and observed two rapid flashes from outside but didn't want to see or know what it was. I really don't like that I saw this and I hope that I don't see it again because it was disturbing and too near to my home. I have attached a google map with marker showing tree along ditch where orb was observed.
