{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5491628.json","updb_database_id":5491628}
{dr}Red orbs traveling west to east and then hovering in C and J shape formations

July 4, 2015
My wife and I viewed groups of unusual red lights moving across the night sky over Novi, MI and other areas of metro Detroit on July 4, 2015. The sky was clear and the temperature around 78 degrees with the usual stars in the sky very clear and visible. No planes overhead either. The neighbors were firing off fireworks as usual for the Fourth of July holiday.
Our Aunt who lives in Westland, about 8 miles south of us called at 10:17 PM on July 4, 2015 saying she was seeing strange red lights in the north sky moving slowly and methodically from west to east. So we went outside and looked into the south-southwest sky and saw a strange looking red light in the form of an orb or circle moving slowly across the sky from west to the east. Then about 6 more started appearing, one at a time, in the same sky moving from west to east. They moved slowly and then eventually formed a C like formation but about 3 minutes later they moved into a J like formation. After another few minutes the lights started to move towards each other and then started fading two lights into one. Each of the six lights in turn moved to the next highest in the sky and the two became one and then the next one left doing the same thing fading into the next highest red light until there was only one red light left. When there was only one red orb left it slowly faded away without any sound or exhaust. I even used binoculars but they just appeared to be a bright red light. They did not have any shape like a plane or helicopter and there was no sound coming from these red orbs.
After this first group faded out or basically travelled to the east out of sight we went onto our back deck and observed more of the same in the north sky. The exact same thing happened that we observed in the front yard. One at a time, travelling from west to east they were bright red until eventually forming another C formation that eventually morphed into a J like formation in the north-northeast sky. After a couple of minutes one at a time they started flying slowly into the highest light and each in turn disappeared into it. When only the one red light was left, it slowly faded away and then nothing else was seen in the sky anywhere. After the fireworks were finished by 11 PM the red orbs had stopped showing up. It seemed like the red orbs were somehow trying to react to the fireworks going off in the sky. But the red orbs were much higher in the sky then any fireworks that were fired into the sky. The red orbs by the way they were moving must have been under some kind of intelligent guidance.
