{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5485628.json","updb_database_id":5485628}
{jpg} 4 orbs moving back and forth within invisible craft flying away

I had just pulled into my apartment complex at approximately 12am. I noticed from my drivers side something shadowy move to the north over the apartments. I parked my car, got out and looked towards the Orion belt constellation (roughly south from my position) I looked right of that into open, unlit sky (no stars) and saw 4 orbs travelling fairly low to the ground going south west. They were incredibly dim lights that I never would have noticed from inside my car. At first I thought they were birds travelling in a delta formation, but then they started to move ahead and behind each other at random. The orbs maintained a straight flight path, but like I said, they were moving back and forth within an object moving southwest. It's really hard for me to compare it to anything.. If you had 4 rubber balls and dropped them lazily from your hands they would all hit the ground at different times (let's say). The orbs were bouncing back and forth. The 'craft' was invisible, or it was just too dark for me to spot, all i saw were the lights. It almost looked like a spotlight from the ground, but there were zero clouds to reflect any spotlight. 
I actually have a camera in my car now in case I see UFOs, because I've seen 4 now within several months. I was only 15 feet from my car door, but as soon as I saw the shifting lights I was just kind of astonished. I've seen some weird footage of unusual lights, but never anything like these, and I was afraid that if I went to get my camera, the lights would be gone. After I had stared at the lights they just sort of vanished. kind of like someone turned down on a dimmer switch. 
I got my DSLR out to at least try and get some long exposures, but I had no luck.
