{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5283628.json","updb_database_id":5283628}
LOW flashing of lights in a partially cloudy, mild midnight sky. Oval revealed outside my window.

I was a child asleep in my bedroom at home. I awoke suddenly, seemingly for no reason in the middle of the night. I noticed flashing lights outside my bedroom window (white), multiple flashes but no visible source, no lightning. Weather was mildly cloudy, no rain, not stormy conditions. Flashes were very, very low, illuminated the TOPS of clouds, not the undersides (from memory). Flashes did not stretch into the sky like lightning, seemed to illuminate small, localised sections of the sky. Flashes were getting closer to me. At this point I'm at my window trying to see what's going on, maybe figure out a source of the flashes of light. Light flashes very close to me, I was already looking upwards (45-60 degrees maybe). 

This final or penultimate flash of light illuminates a perfect ellipse stationary in the sky that was previously camouflaged in it. 

I continued to stare, but could not distinguish it from the sky anymore. I went back to sleep. No effects on me since. I personally believe that this ellipse was controlled by an intelligent entity that wanted me to see it. 

If not a UFO, then it was a human structure, however nothing else around it was illuminated and it was far above any other structure. I was also fully familiar with the skyline outside my window at the time and don't think I could have confused a building outside for a UFO. 
The way I woke up was unique to me in my life, in that I woke up rapidly, forcefully and in a state of full consciousness and alertness (that is to say without the grogginess that usually accompanies waking up) without any obvious external stimuli that could have caused this besides some distant flashes of light. I do not believe some distant flashes of white light could have caused me to rouse from a deep sleep so suddenly.
