{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-26 21:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5287628.json","updb_database_id":5287628}
Triangular UFO

I was watching an object in the sky for about 4 minutes straight whilst in the passenger seat of the car. I was trying to work out whether it was a plane or not. It looked like two car headlights flying in the sky, which reminded me of Harry Potter and made me more interested in seeing what it would be when it got closer. After I had been watching it for about 30 seconds, I started to realise that is wasn't moving. It was a few kilometres in the distance at this point. Then I started wondering if it could be a helicopter or something like that. After it had reached about the 4 minute mark, the craft started getting closer to us. It was faster than a helicopter, with really smooth movements, as if it was sort of floating on air. Its movements were calculated, but soft. While it was still a few kilometres away, another craft appeared. It looked like the exact same type of craft. I can't tell if it appeared from thin air, if it came out of the original craft, or if it flew into my vision really quickly without me noticing. It was right next to the first craft, but then it stayed in the one spot and the first craft kept coming towards us. Within seconds, the first craft had come very close to us, maybe about 100 metres above us and about 40 metres to our right. It was very low. We stopped at a red light and my friend and I tried to get a good look at it, whilst I filmed it terribly. This is when it no longer looked like car headlights. It now looked like a triangle shape. A flat triangle. It seemed to have a dark surface, it looked reflective as well. Metallic, maybe. Either shiny dark grey or a metallic dark silver. There were three white lights now. Each one being just in from each tip/point of the triangle. One remained white while another flashed white, then green and so on. The third light flashed red and white, but when it flashed white, it was as if it was a camera flash. This third light was blinking white and red quite rapidly. The triangular object then flew lightly, but directly, to our right, which was about 100metres from where it had just been. It flew slowly, precisely, and softly, it was honestly quite beautiful and elegant. It's hard to explain, it was so purposeful in its movements, but it was taking its time in a sense. It then stopped in one place and rotated about 180 degrees clockwise. It then went back the way it originally came and shot off into the distance whilst going about the same speed that it was when it first started heading towards us. It was bizarre and my video is horrible but this was definitely not a normal plane or helicopter. Hopefully the video helps, there are some points on there where you can see the triangle shape when you slow it down with the original quality video.
