{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5289628.json","updb_database_id":5289628}
This is a previous entity interaction from my youth that constantly remains in my memory.

When I was I believe in 6th grade, I am now 41yo, I went to Great America, which is an amusement park in Santa Clara CA, pretty much Silicon Valley. It was early summer, and I wanted to go on a log water ride, that was actually not popular at all, after the ride I separated from my family and friends because I was distracted by 3 very unusual characters that I assumed were promotional actors. Once I approached them in a laughing manner, I was quickly alarmed by their unusual looks and they intently started arguing with me, dissecting my sarcasm and actually were quite direct and rude. They scared they hell out of me. They were over 6'6' if not taller, they were human like but so different in that they had tech growing out of their necks, their clothes were thin and layered but did not move, and they had deep scary synthesized voices. I felt they were a lot more advanced than me and a lot smarter, and that they were so smart in that they dissected every word I said to them. That evening, back at my home in the Central Valley, I saw an enormous shooting star, looked like a massive streak of light. Probably coincidence, and maybe they were promotional, but I doubtful they would find 3 actors like these. They towered over me. They reminded me of Japanese old world Samurais, they looked like warriors. I just wanted to know if anyone has had similar interactions such as I have. I do have severe thyroid issues I am dealing with in adulthood and I do wonder if maybe they caused that by my close proximity to them.
