{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-28 19:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523628","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32310","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/628/mufon-5523628.json","updb_database_id":5523628}
Red/Green Blinking Lights

Sept 29th, 2011

Call logs indicate that this sighting occurred at 7:48 pm as I called my girlfriend repeatedly in a frantic state.

I was traveling northbound on I-17 coming into Black Canyon City. There is an area where the valley is in full view as the interstate seems to be at a slightly higher altitude. Being slightly familiar with the area, I was aware that there are mountains and hills in the area surrounding black canyon city, and that the interstate travels through them. Coming into the area I noticed a series of red blinking lights that seemed to be 1hanging1 in the distance. My first thoughts were radio tower lights. The way they were 1scattered1 made me think that they were radio towers each positioned atop mountains. As I approached the first blinking red light I became a little suspicious as it was noticeably low, about 50 ft. I then noticed that the first light was not a tower, and not on top of a mountain, but above the interstate itself. I looked to the left and right of it to see if there were any wires that could be hanging this light blinking object, but concluded that there wasn1t. As I approached the object I could tell that it would blink red, and then green, and that it was literally hovering and not a moving object with absolutely nothing underneath, above, or around it. It was simply a blinking red/green light. I kept my eyes fixated on the object as I drove under it, and noticed that the blinking light wasn1t visible from underneath, and that there was an area of 1black1 around it blocking my view from the sky. I1m unsure as to how large the object was considering I was traveling at approx 75 mph. Possibly more considering it scared the heck out of me. I approached about 4 more blinking lights and each were hanging off the road, and not directly above me. They were all within a 5 mile radius, and along the interstate, and had about a mile distance between each other, and each hovering at about a 50 feet, maybe 75 feet high (or low). 

Oct 2nd 2011,

Call logs indicate this sighting occurred at 10:03 pm.

I was traveling Southbound from Flagstaff to Tucson on I-17 through the same area that I had witnessed the initial sightings, and found zero lights in the general area of Black Canyon City. As I was approaching Tucson, in the town of Marana, I noticed in the distance a radio tower. Being so aware of the red blinking lights, I became fixated on this tower. I noticed it blinking, and to the left, another red blinking light, this one off rhythm of the tower lights, and occasionally blinking a green blip. I couldn1t believe it. I approached the tower and other blinking light and confirmed that it was the same light I was seeing the Wednesday before. This time the light was hovering above the interstate but slightly to the west, therefore I wasn1t able to drive directly under it. I was able to indicate that the shape of the light was a square, but it seemed to be wrapped around an object, making the object seem tube like, but vertical. Again, this object was low, about 75 feet off the ground, and about 50 feet from me. It seems as though this particular object was more of an observant object as it simply didn1t move. Just blinked.
