{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500370","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58738","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/370/mufon-5500370.json","updb_database_id":5500370}
{nd} I woke-up paralyzed, ejected from my body, put on craft & taken somewhere.

On Feb 18th 2012, I went to sleep as usual in my bedroom with my family.
And woke up the next day having had a bizaare and very vivid dream.

This is what I remember from the dream:
I had the sense that I lived alone.
I kept getting disturbed by unseen intruders in my apartment for several nights.
In the kitchen of this apartment, I was finishing-off doing the dishes in the kitchen. I was aware of a presence watching me and was trying to ignore it. I wanted to finish doing the dishes so that I could go to sleep.
In reality, I don't live in that apartment.

Then within my dream, I was sleeping, felt wierd sensations, found myself paralyzed and then SUDDENLY, I saw the face of one of those Grey, Bug-eyed aliens.
The Being was silent and felt 'cold' and it stared straight at me from about 1-3 feet away from my face for several seconds.Seeing this, I felt a fear emerge in me and I thought "Whow, I'm actually scared of these things."
(This strange double-perception within my being..Of being SCARED and simultaneously also of being AMUSED THAT I WAS SCARED would be clarified in a major awakening around the end of April.)
Then I percieved that I was woken-up from my sleep in a bed and a room that was not the one I actually live in. The walls were white, the bedsheet I was laying-on was White but my body was not covered with any bedsheets. I was wearing shorts like I usually do.
There was a Blue light filling the room. I don't know if it was just a symbolic representation of 'night' as shown in movies. (They use a Blue camera Filter to record night scenes in the daytime I believe.)
Then I was looking at my body struggling against paralysis, shaking left and right like a fish trying to get-up from the bed and not being able to. My eyes appeared to be open but I could not scream or get-up.
I was clearly moving away from my struggling body with the feeling of a slight 'concern' for the body. I was aware that I'm being led away from my body.
Then I perceived that I had been abducted somehow and I woke up lying down in what looked like a soft black enclosure that felt like a coffin. There was a Black cloth I was covered-in. I seemed to be lying down on what felt like a 'shelf.'
I noticed that there was just a tiny streak of light visible in 'a crack' in the cloth and I heard a not-so-subtle rumble of an engine that I had never heard before which I knew to be a spaceship I was being transported in.
I moved the cloth away from my face (but I don't recall if I used my hands) and looked to realize that I was being transported in a classic flying saucer craft. It was circular on the inside and smoothly lit by a not-so-bright White light everywhere though I saw no bulbs anywhere. the craft appeared to be joint-less and made out of a single mold. I thought I saw the faint outline of a door to my diagonal right where it was darker. It was also darker where I was on the 'shelf.' The color of the whole structure inside was predominantly Gray-Brown but also a subtler Purplish-Greenish with a smooth but textured finish. To my left was the wall of the shelf I was laying on so I couldn't see the other third of the craft's interior. And straight beyond it, I saw the same type of Gray Being looking straight (and away from me) with one hand horizontal and probably placed on something out of my view. I realized the creature was the pilot and was flying the craft.
I thought to myself.. I better pretend to be asleep. I also thought "Hah! Dreams CAN continue from one night to another."
Then, there was no sign of aliens or spaceships but I was woken-up somehow. I had the sense that I had just landed and was walking away from the craft which, I had the sense, was behind me. I didn't look backwards and I found myself walking into a nice, sunny place with (I think) had Green grass benath me and I met a bunch of 'cool humans' who were moving quickly and excitedly toward me to receive my arrival. In particular, there was a guy in his 30s who came right-up to me, had his arms high-up ready to hug me (I don't recall the actual hug.) In the dream, it seemed that I knew these people and they knew me well. But in reality I have no idea who they were and I had no idea where I had landed. Then a few mins later, the scene changed, and the guy who hugged me was sitting next to me and showing/teaching me something very technical on a circular (I think) panel laid-out like a table in front of us that I recall looked very complicated. It was some kind of equipment/desk. We both looked human and I looked just as I did in 2012 with regard to hair, skin and clothing. I dare to say that the panel was the interior of another spaceship. I'm not sure what the equipment was but I remember struggling to absorb what technical stuff this friend was eagerly teaching me.
He seemed like a buddy I knew. I have no recall of any detail regarding what he was showing me, what I was learning or what was spoken by either he or I. I don't recall speaking either but just looking down pleasantly at the panel as his hands pointed to different things on it and teaching me about how it worked apparently.

I don't recall getting back on a spaceship/travelling or getting back to my body or any such thing. 

When I woke up the next morning, the near-shock of the vividness of that dream became apparent. And the face of that Gray alien was etched in my memory. All I had to do was close my eyes and it's face was crystal clear. This disturbed me greatly. It took me about 6-7 months to get it out of my head.

There were no 'dreams' of this type I had prior to this one nor since then.

Then around April 2012, I had a powerful and CORRECTIVE spiritual awakening in which I saw my own soul and realized that I was not a human either. I was an invisible awareness that was CONNECTED to the mind of a human being. I was not the human being itself. I realized that almost all of humanity has forgotten what they are and the freedom I felt was absolutely priceless and unmatched by any other human experience I had ever had. A tremendous clarity overcame me and the scriptures of all the saints, Gurus and "enlightened" masters suddenly made sense. I never before understood their message because I was missing this one experience. I understood that THIS experience is what is called enlightenment and Self-Realization. There was no separation between science and spirituality anymore and the crux of the source of all major religions became clear to me. I remembered that I had always been separate from the human and connected to the human mind. But somehow, I had forgotten this for decades and believed that I WAS a human. This turned out to be 100% false.
There became no fear of living nor dying anymore and there was a clear understanding that an alien being too is an awareness connected to the shape of a humanoid body.
I am of the opinion that the Alien visitation had something to do my "waking up from the Zombie sleep." I certainly was never harmed during the abduction. 
But my memory is fragmented of the abduction experience.
