{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-01 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520370","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/370/mufon-5520370.json","updb_database_id":5520370}
Saw strange lights followed by massive military rsponse

On the night of august 1st 2011 at about 9:20pm, I was standing on my front porch while I watered my lawn. I was looking due west at the stars when I noticed a strange pair of strobing lights rising straight up. The lights strobed back and forth very fast, much faster and brighter than a plane, but maintained the same horizontal arrangement like a plane. The strobing lights continued rising to a height of about 4000 feet in a location that seemed to place it directly over lake hartwell. The lights rose and then in a blink were instantly back where they started. It didn't descend rapidly, there was no trail of light, it was just there again. The lights began rising again exactly the same, still strobing exactly the same, but when it got to the same altitude two things happened. The strobing lights started zigzagging or dancing across the sky heading south, and simultaneously a bright orange orb appeared and began following it. The orb tracked along slowly and perfectly parallel to the horizon a little below and behind the strobing light like it was keeping a safe distance or escorting it. The lights continued moving south until i could no longer see them. Needless to say I was dumbfounded. The way the strobing light disappeared and reappeared instantly, dancing across the sky, all while maintaining the same consistent strobing pattern was overwhelming. It seemed like it was skipping forward in time more than flying. At this point Im standing there thinking that Ive either seen ufos or the atmospheric effects that make planes look like ufos. Im thinking its just after sundown, its still 90 degrees out and crazy humid, maybe that explains it. No sooner than I think this I look up and the sky is full of planes. Just out of nowhere there all these red and white strobing lights. They looked like wingtip lights and strobed like modern led lights, although there werent any others, no fuselage lights etc. They were circling in the exact same location that I first saw the orb and strobing light. They never formed up or paired up like fighter jets until they left. They kept circling at a distance and at a much higher altitude than the lights were at, maybe as high as 30,000 feet. At one point there was so much movement in the sky I could no longer keep up, it was overwhelming seeing dozens of lights circling around with absolutely no sound. Through this entire event nothing ever made a sound. The red and white strobing lights began to slowly widen their circling until they all broke off and left. Im convinced that what I saw was a massive military response to ufos.
