{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-27 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497370","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/370/mufon-5497370.json","updb_database_id":5497370}
{cak} I thought it was a hawk at night at first. Silent. Coasting. Saw dull lights with extended arm when overhead. 5 yr old saw too and drew picture.

My 5 yr old daughter wanted to look at stars in my driveway that night. I pointed out constellations, and then saw what I initially thought was a hawk coasting towards our house. I say hawk because it was high enough to be a bird of prey, but low enough to be below any fly zone of aircraft. It looked brown/copper with a triangular wing shape at first, which I thought were the street lights reflecting off of brown hawk wings. It looked like it was about 150-200 ft in the air. hard to tell exactly. It was completely silent. I pointed it out to my daughter and we both watched it cruise over our house directly overhead. As it got closer I saw that the triangular brown tint of the wings was actually very dull copper colored lights in symmetrical fashion and equidistant from each other. Also, in addition to the triangular pattern of dull lights, there was an additional single light extending off to the right of it (about 2 to 3 times the width of the base of the triangle away from it). I got the impression that there was a triangle flying with a single arm branching off of it with a single light. It came at a constant speed and the "arm" was in constant distance/speed as the body of the craft as if it were connected. It passed directly over us at a constant and silent speed (at about the speed of a coasting hawk) and we watched it pass over our house and continue on into the distance. It did not ever increase elevation, but stayed at a consistent altitude. It was definitely consisting of very dull copper lights in the shape of a triangle. My 5 yr old daughter and I both watched it and were in awe. We didn't speak much of it as we went inside. But a week later she was drawing a picture with crayons and when I asked her what it was, she told me it was the space ship we saw that night. To my shock, she had drawn exactly what I thought I saw. A triangle with lights and a long arm sticking out to my right with a single light. I took a picture of her drawing for future reference. Since then, I have gone outside to look at the sky and have seen nothing. The picture she drew is in my phone, which I don't know how to upload to this page. But if someone really wants to know and has reason to pursue it, I guess I don't mind going to some effort and emailing you the drawing.
