{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-20 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481370","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2876,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/370/mufon-5481370.json","updb_database_id":5481370}
{rjl} Six UFO lined from north to south along Santa Cruz river

This reported sighting was my last observation but not my first or the only one. They were lined up along the Santa Cruz River running south to north. They were hovering low to the ground and every few seconds a bright flash of light would be admitted from one of the craft which was lower to the riverbed than the rest of them.
Although I could not see the outline of the ship, I could see different colored lights around the perimeter. I assume they were disc shape. I was unable to get a good video of the incident because my battery kept being drained and My phone kept turning off. That is why my videos don't show a whole lot and that is also why the videos I've attached are only a couple seconds long because they kept disabling my phone. 
They wouldn't emit the flashes of light while my phone was on but is soon as my phone had been disabled the flashes of light probably five times in a row after that. I lost sight of them because not only my phone had died but they weren't leaving and one of them had even started to come towards me so I close the window and stayed in my home.
I have also seen them to the east of me at a limestone mine near my home. 
Although this report was my last observation I have seen them around this area for the last three years. I have several different experiences regarding UFO's. They seem to be very interested in not only me but the area in which I live.
I also have photos of a jet chasing a UFO and marking the triangle symbol of the illuminati in the sky these are on a separate phone and I am unable to attach them to this report. These videos that I have attached was from the night that I saw the six along the Santa Cruz River.
I did have an abduction experience and I do have scars and injuries from that night. I plan on filing a separate report regarding that incident.
