{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-15 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492370","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/370/mufon-5492370.json","updb_database_id":5492370}
{rjl} White pulsating core. Very faint blue halo. Very faint blue beam. Also appeared to eject or jettison particles, also very faint blue.

August 15, 2011. About 9:10 pm.

Chicago Illinois, East Villiage neighborhood. Where Evergreen street meets the freeway, before rounding up, becoming Ada steet, and across Evergreen from the iconic St. Stanislaus church, west side of the freeway and the Morton's Salt plant.

A bit of back story:

Before I begin, I must point out that I've seen planes, helicopters, birds, balloons, and satellites before, and this object wasn't any of those things. I saw this thing four years ago, but still remember it vividly.

I was home alone in my apartment, neither of my roommates at the time were home.

I went out to have a cigarette around 9:05 PM. I had just returned, the day before, from my parent's home in North Central Indiana. The stars are obviously much more visible at my folk's home without all the light pollution from the Chicago metropolitan area. I spotted many satellites when I was at my parent's house and wondered if I could see any in her city since only a handful of stars can cut through the light pollution. Sure enough, after prolonged sky gazing, I spotted a satellite moving across the sky.

The sighting:

As I was staring at the sky (facing east) eventually I noticed an object moving from east to west. I was able to watch the object for at least two minutes before buildings blocked my view.

The first thing I noticed was its slow and deliberate movement. The trajectory of the object would eventually take it almost directly overhead as it continued to move west in a deliberate straight line. The object was very high in the sky, but I can't even begin to guess its actual altitude.

The object was pale white, so pale that one would not notice it at a glance. I watched it as it continued moving west.

As the object moved closer to being overhead, more features emerged. First I noticed a very faint blue illuminous halo surrounding the object. Very faint, again the object would not be noticeable on a glance. Then I noticed the the objects pale white core was - it's hard to describe - squiggly in motion. This squiggly motion was a trait of the object's core and not a trait of its flight trajectory, which as I've stated before, was a straight line moving east to west.

Next I noticed very faint blue illuminous beams periodically emitting from the object's underside, more on that soon.

The next feature I noticed were particles dropping from the object's underside, independent of the faint blue beams. These particles were the same illuminous faint blue color as the halo and beams. The particles descended and disappeared very quickly, like the last trails of fireworks descending before quickly disappearing, but did not leave a "smoke trail" like fireworks.

As this was happening the object was practically directly overhead and it was still emitting the beams. One of the beams crossed my eye and actually created a glare in my eye, like a traditional light beam - like from a flashlight. Only it was, of course, much dimmer.

To my right I noticed flickering, as if the light beam struck the earth not 20 feet away from me. I got very anxious and actually crouched down, pressing my back against the closed door of my apartment.

The object kept moving west. It crossed over the top of my apartment building. I ran up to the street (evergreen) and watched it continue west for a few moments. It was completely silent.

I wish I had binoculars so I could get a clear and close view of the object, but alas I did not.

My roommates weren't home to witness this strange object and I googled searched for weeks after hoping to find other sightings from that night to corroborate mine, but I didn't find anything.
