{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80776","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2758,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5479327.json","updb_database_id":5479327}
{jpg} cylinder rotating in sky few blocks away. two witnesses. multiple sightings

This sighting entered by FI #22542 for witness who has seen 300-400 UFOs. See my 31 page initial report on all of these sightings to Mich Chief FI, and my later updates with further investigation results. This sighting entered at request of Chief FI, one of many sightings witness has had. Witness was working with family members at mother's house in Redford sometime in mid 90's. Mid afternoon he and brother-in-law saw a "cylinder" rotating every 2-3 seconds perhaps several city blocks away and 1000-1500 feet up. He said they could have easily driven their car directly under it. Cylinder was a grey and black matte non-reflective surface with some shading variations that allowed rotation to be perceived. In my interview, witness drew small drawing (attached) which looked like upside down bottle shape, which witness agreed was more accurate. He estimated actual size as about the size of a pick-up truck. He estimated apparent size as a pinkie fingernail at arm's length. Sighting lasted 2-3 minutes. Witness cannot recall end of sighting. He since has done web searches to try and determine what it was they saw, and says a video from the Gulf Breeze sightings shows exactly what he saw. Witness not sure if other family members at house also saw object. I have attempted to make contact with other witnesses provided, with limited success. None of confirmations so far were for this sighting. I have submitted results of Experiencer Questionnaire witness completed as appears witness may be an experiencer of some sort. Indications include scar of unknown origin, finding scratches in morning of unknown origin on his and girlfriend's back, multiple sightings across generations of family members, several concurrently, recall of glowing mantis like face after 'God Flash' sighting, and sheer number of sightings.
Despite wording of next question, which cannot be changed, I was not a witness. There were only 2 witnesses in the 1990's event, and I am not one of them.
