{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-05 16:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100921","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5460327.json","updb_database_id":5460327}
{jpg} Round object with flashing light or reflection.

I was sitting on our deck when my eye caught an object hovering in the sky. I grabbed my phone and started a video recording of the object. It seemed to hover and then move at times. The video shows the top of the object is lighter in color compared to the bottom and white flashes can been seen at times on the top of the object. The bottom of the object has a shadow cast on it, obviously coming from the top of the object. The object was first seen in the eastern sky and at the end of the video it can be seen in the northern sky. At this time the object can be seen going in and out of a sparse cloud cover. The object was seen in Ankeny, Iowa on June 05, 2019 at 16:56 hours, military time. I really don't think the object was a balloon as balloons tend to keep on climbing when airborne. They don't hover and move sideways. I believe the object did actually drop in altitude at least once. The sky was cloudless when the video was taken of the object and clouds did not show up until the end of the video. Because of that, I have to wonder what the flashing is all about? If the sun was on the object continuously wouldn't the object simply shine bright and not flash? Just watched the video again and noticed a round object moving at a high rate of speed. Don't think this is the original object first videoed because the first object can be seen again at the at 9 minute and 20 second mark close to the path the rapid moving object just passed through. The rapid moving object can be seen between the 9 minute and 11 second point to the 9 minute and 14 second point on the video. The video at this time is seen zooming in on a cloud when at 9 minutes and 11 seconds the rapid moving object enters the viewing field from the top right and exits at 9 minutes and 14 seconds about half-way down the video on the left side. This is my first sighting and I just want to know, what is it I saw and filmed? Thanks ...
