{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-17 18:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62037","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5497327.json","updb_database_id":5497327}
{cak} Bright object stationary over airplanes landing at Miami Int'l Airport

On December 17, 2014, at about 6 PM I went to pickup my wife at the main entrance of "Las Americas Mall" 7795 West Flagler Street, in Miami, Florida. 
When coming back home and driving through Fontainebleau Boulevard, two blocks West of Park Boulevard, at 6:50 PM, my wife shouted from the Van front passenger seat, very loud: "What is that!!! A flying saucer??? I immediately looked and saw a large object, 100 to 200 ft in size, completely stationary at about 1,500 ft. in altitude, hovering right in the path of several planes that were landing at that very moment all coming to the airport from the West.
We are absolutely sure that the pilots were looking at the object, as it was right in front of them. Airplanes were landing at least on two of the three runways the Miami International Airport has for planes coming from the West.
The object was illuminated very bright in yellow or gold light and changing to green light with regularity. It had approximately the shape of a blimp.
After some minutes the object went dark, the lights went off.
Then the lights came back and the object suddenly accelerated directly up, at a very high rate of speed, disappearing from our sight.
There was no cloud cover. We had total visibility.
At first I thought the object may have been a blimp, but I have never seen a blimp that illuminates their whole surface in such a bright light and also changing colors or going totally dark, precisely sitting at a place where planes are landing.
On the other hand, it will be absurd for a blimp to sit stationary right on the path of several landing planes. The Miami International Airport has three landing runways for planes coming from the West. The object was over the one in the middle. Also, blimps cannot accelerate suddenly the way this object did. And certainly not go up and go away in a second.
At that very moment, there was a huge plane landing on the main runway, the runway placed at the South of the Airport. Before going up and away, the object was to the right of that airplane from our point of view. The pilot must have seen the object to his left, like half a mile away from him, at about 6:55 PM on December 17, 2014.
