{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-18 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37599","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5519327.json","updb_database_id":5519327}
Saw pulsating star like light noticed Huge and Bright white star to east of it very low to the ground, big star disappeared shortly after never to be seen again but the little lights stayed, dancing off and on for 5 hours

There have been multiple objects that are glowing and changing colors and they are moving/dancing around. I have one terrible camera and the batteries went dead plus the card is full.

My wife called me outside around 10:20 cst and was amazed. She pointed to a twinkling like star object, but it was moving all over the place. Since then I have left and went to a better vantage point were I saw several of these. I even saw one appear closer to us out of nothing and start dancing around and doing circles like a light bug but big as a star.

I should also note that when my wife brought it to my attention, there was a HUGE white star that looked as big as a planet and was very low in the sky to the east of this dancing/color changing object and by the time I went upstairs to get my vivicam, it was gone...no where in sight, seriously, we looked for it everywhere and it still has not showed back up to this very minute. Whatever it was, I believe it was associated with this original glowing/dancing star, but disappeared and has not been seen again.

Ive even tracked these dancers from where they start by a tree top and see that they wind up well to the west or east of it. One of them was puling a smaller white star with it and seemed to line up in place with another star. The other two were stationary, but this one danced around. I give you my human word this is the truth and I would never make something like this up, it has been a real light show tonight, I had many Ewww and Ahhhh moments from these objects making maneuvers. 

Yall...we are not alone, those lights tonight were intelligent, and Im amazed with a healthy fear of the unknown. I just got back in from viewing again. One is still out there thrashing about as I type. I watched it dance behind the tree line, rise back above it, I just don't know what to say...I know this really sucks, but the little camera I have really isnt worth a toot, and trust me, I plan on getting a good one asap because if would have had a good one I would be uploading the best evidence Ive ever seen myself, for that all I can do is apologize and tell ya Im getting a trustworthy video camera asap.

I saw smaller lights appear out of nothing from bigger ones...I saw shooting stars right beside the area where these lights were doing there dance...I felt like I had a measure of influence on them appearing "whether that be wishful thinking or not I don't know,"

The one fact I keep going back to when Im trying to deal with what all I have seen tonight is the huge bright star that was so low, so bright, so huge, so close to the first dancing light we witnessed, and the fact that it completely disappeared without a trace shortly after this first light showed up gives this all a huge measure of validity in my mind while going through the stages of disbelief even when I know in my heart and mind what I have witnessed tonight.

Another thing, most of these lights when they would make a sudden or big maneuvers they would get brighter, twinkle brighter, or change colors. Im shocked yall..I never thought I would see something like this and I have to wonder if something big is coming if Im seeing it out in the open with such conviction, or if I just got lucky.

 I would love to hear from anyone else who witnessed these last night as well, and get their perspectives. 

 Also, I have no idea what kind of blue and red images my little camera picked up, but they only showed up when the ufo/ufos were present. Additionally, my camera froze at 7:16 and would not respond to anything until I took the batteries out when filming from upstairs window.
