{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-01 11:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2593,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5292327.json","updb_database_id":5292327}
Disc seen while hiking.

At the time of my citing I was a resident of Carmel, Ca. I was hiking with friends(I no longer have information on those friends I was with to provide at this time) on an access road in Big Sur/Carmel, Ca just 1 mile east of Bixby Bridge. The road we were on accesses the big sur land trust cabin a few miles east of the coastline which was our destination. 1 mile into the hike along the ridge we heard helicopters coming near. and turned around to look north west toward the sounds. Once in sight, One black helicopter unmarked was seen followed by one gray/silver disc, and one more unmarked black helicopter bringing up the rear. They flew in line very close to together at the same elevation. They flew below the mountain top elevation in the canyon adjacent and north of the little sur river canyon. From my vantage point all the objects were slightly below my elevation point; looking slightly down on them. The area has steep rugged topography and I viewed the helicopters and disc for less than a minute before they were out of sight due to the canyon shape. The grey disc was about 50ft across and 10ft(?) high, unmarked and quite; however the sounds of the helicopters would have covered over any sounds coming from the craft. They were probably 200ft off the ground flying around 40-50mph. I believe I was about 300 yards from them. The disc had no visible windows, slightly domed, no exhaust or external propulsion visible. Simply put, 2 helicopters and a disc were flying in a canyon that I witnessed for less than a minute. 
My first thoughts were of Wow! Shocked. Then I thought maybe a new movie was being filmed or commercial so I looked for camera’s, rigging, etc. I thought this because Bixby bridge has a lot if helicopter filming going on. I could see no indications of a film being made and no lines attaching the disc to the helicopter in front and behind it helping it stay in the air. I was baffled. I still have vivid memories of the event.
