{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-11 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54567","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5504327.json","updb_database_id":5504327}
{cak} beside it.

It was a warm evening and just came home from church, my Wife stayed for additional duty so I took off my dress shirt grab a cool one and sat on the patio facing NE so I could enjoy the trees and slight breeze when suddenly out of the corner of my eye I sensed movement. At first I thought these were beautiful golden yellow orbs were balloons floating toward me but instantly realized they were not as they were almost perfectly single file. I jumped up and stood next to the corner of my house next to a bunch of computer discs, an air foil that made flashes like mirrors. I counted them as they came 13 of them, the leader came so close I think I could have hit it with a rock when all of a sudden they must have finally sensed me they broke formation and headed south a perfect 90deg turn. I ran to get my old Sony camera it only took a minute but by then they were white glowing dots in the sky. I felt cheated that I didn't get pictures of the beautiful golden yellow orbs, then as I stood there staring after I see more movement directly the east again! Here came a massive orb like the sun I was stunned and then I see a tiny classic saucer shape hiding slightly behind it, It came to about 1/4 mile away and hovered, I was so shocked I forgot the camera,,,,,,,,,,Then I done something I regret doing, verbally I said who are you friend or foe? Then holding my hands out I asked do you want to be friends ? Instantly I felt this searing pain in my solar plexus and upper stomach and I yelled ooooh as I grabbed myself. Instantly it/they moved south and to the west on other side of my house and I ran around and tooksome pictures but they changed shape like they were instant far from me,,,,,,,,,,two I took when close turned out blank.  I was scarred and felt sick, when my wife came home I told her what happened. For 3 days I told no one for fear they brand me a teller of tales. Finally I went to neighbors whos 2 little boys were kicking a socker ball around while their mother watched, she heard or seen nothing my closest neighbor said she seen or heard nothing but her dog and neighbors dogs barked for 1/2hr continuously, they didn't know why? I called Air National 4 miles away and asked about radar check, they said their was no alert but requested a report and I also sent a report to Seattle to the UFO report center there! I swear this is all true and I still suffer chest and stomach pain occasionally to this day.
