{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-07 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4422,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5288327.json","updb_database_id":5288327}
An indescribable incident that this questionnaire helped me reconfirm and understand what I saw was real.

On this day in February 2015 I had an early day/morning be work on inventory/accountability at Pensacola AF/Navy Base in Florida. While driving towards the bridge before getting on base, I see this huge enormous ball/sphere/Sun-like object moving at a slow steady rate across the site of the bridge. However, it’s 2-2:30 in the morning and this glowing ball of light is controlled and layered. On the inside it was reddish-orange and almost looks transparent(even though I couldn’t see through it). Then, it had an outer-layer like a wheel to a rim that was yellowish in color with no emission or flame that follow. Because everything about this globe/orb/sphere was contained, controlled, and had purpose(cause I could feel or sense this from the time my eyes first lock on this entity). Speaking of time, this sighting was only for a moment, and as soon as I saw it...felt like time slowed down. So, while in this moment of awe, I reached for my phone to take a picture or video or something. But my was in the middle panel and when I reached for it(while still looking at this object) the phone felt in between the passenger side of the seat by the middle panel. Meanwhile, watching this sphere inner-layer and outer-layer spinning opposite of each other. I tried accelerating, but I felt like my vehicle was shutting down or something. Because the vehicle was slowing down while my foot was still on the gas. Nevertheless, as it moved away from my line of view, my vehicle picked up speed. I tried to see where it went. But as quick as I saw it; was as quick as it disappeared. While getting on base and to work. I notice that a 10 to 15 minute drive to work actually took 1 hour. Because from 2 or 2:15/2:30, should not have taken me into 3:30 to get on post. I was just moments away from the bridge which leads to the Post Gates. Wow, all I can say is that this is an unforgettable assurance and since then I have had this overwhelming feelings of anxiety just thinking about this “second” encounter. The first, was October 2010 when my wife and I got married and I was driving towards Florida(I like driving pass mid-night for light traffic) while getting closer to my hometown I just so happened to glacé up to look at the stars as my soon to be wife is sleeping. That’s when I saw a flickering light midway in the sky looking quite different than the other stars. So, I look back and forth as I drive. This flickering object starts to bounce, so I think I’m seeing things cause I’m driving and this could be several things(motion from the car moving, my tired eyes, or maybe just my mind). So, as soon as I’m going through these rational thoughts, I look up for the final time...this object stops bouncing and hits a “zigzag” moment(like the letter Z). Then just like the marking of a “Z” it “disappeared. Simultaneously, I tried to wake up my fiancée, but it was to later. The object was gone and she thought I was “just buggin’”, because I had a “Red Bull” at the pervious stop. She know how a little caffeine does me, because I don’t do coffee and rarely drink these energy drinks. But I needed something for this drive, because I was somewhat tired going into this drive to Florida. Nevertheless, I know it wasn’t tiredness, a energy drink, or trickery of the eyes. I definitely saw “something” but it was too far in the sky to describe. However, my incident in 2015 was so visual, so much so, til this day...I’m still trying to process what I saw. Well, I finally, spoke my truth, even though I’m forever changed. Now I know I’m not alone in these observations. Until infinity, stay watchful and cautious, yet live compassionate. 

Signed,
[removed/CMS/fgc]
