{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493327","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/327/mufon-5493327.json","updb_database_id":5493327}
{jpg} Two different type craft hovering with slight movement and glowing

I was sitting on a lawn chair while the my dog was going about his business nearby and north of where I was sitting. While sitting there I began checking out the sky and that is when I noticed one aspirin sized, bright star west of my position flickering. I used my Samsung 4 to take a picture of the star in the sky but didn't look at the finished photo until just recently when I enlarged it. That is when I saw craft nr. 1 and craft nr. 2 off to the first object. Neither craft made any sound that I could determine as well as very little movement while I watched them and when nr. 1 did I was thinking my eyes were playing tricks on me. I watched for about 2 or 3-minutes then I took the dog into the house. I do know when they left.

I have had no fear whenever I've sighted these craft other than when I was abducted at the age of 12. Even then I actually was in awe of the craft and it's occupants. It was my friend who was with me who was frightened and that was due to him seeing my body lighting up and his seeing it like I was being x-rayed. He later apologized for his having taken off running; which he didn't as it was much later upon their releasing us that we took off as fast as we could high tail it. 

Still I don't believe they meant to harm us in any way - just wanted to examine us and we most likely would do the same if we were in their shoes. I believe since I haven't kept accurate records of my sightings number 14 or more. I have been fortunate since I have been able to photograph and videotape most every sighting other than three of my fourteen or more different craft. On those three occasions two were sighted when I didn't have a camera with me and one other craft screwed up my droid camera by causing all the photos to turn out with nothing other than solid red coloring. I am uploading an original shot of the two craft together and then enlargements of craft nr. 1 and craft nr. 2.
