{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5479909.json","updb_database_id":5479909}
Straight line of 20-30 lights and then a cloud of about 200/300 blinking lights

I was at my boyfriend's home and we had just had dinner. After that, we decided we wanted to do some stargazing, so we got a blanket and lied down. After maybe 5 ou 6 minutes I saw a light, which appeared to be a star, moving in a straight line. I asked my boyfriend if he could see it and said yes. After the first one appeared, we were absolutely astonished to find that there were about 20-30 similar lights following the first one. They all kept the same path and direction and didn't change distance between each other. In the "middle" of this line, there was an object that had a triangular shape. They flew through the entire sky for about 4/5 minutes and we lost them.
I was in complete shock after the incident, but my bf calmed me down, we talked a bit about what we had just seen and kept looking at the sky. It was as if something wanted me to keep looking - at least that's what it felt like.
A few more minutes had passed when I saw what appeared to be a constellation that formed a line with about 4 stars, that stood very far from us and its light was very weak. I kept my eyes on it and then realized the line was moving. Once again I showed it to my boyfriend and we were speechless. The line kept moving across the sky and the "stars"started to appear bigger and further away from each other, still in a line. Then, the line "broke", because some moved to the sides. Then, they just... Multiplied. At first, one or two lights came out of each of them, but then we lost track because there were literally hundreds of lights, maybe about 200 or 300. They all blinked in a pattern, like christmas lights. Then they slowed down and eventually disappeared. This lasted for about 20 minutes.
I spent the rest of the night and the following day feeling uneasy about the whole thing, but eventually stopped thinking about it and got back to my normal life.
I am a skeptic, for the most part, but this was quite the experience. The first encounter I can maybe attribute to some air-force training with maybe some high-tech planes, but the second one is unlike anything I've ever seen and I can't honestly understand what it was.
