{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-05-28 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5548909.json","updb_database_id":5548909}
Objects in front and back of a rented cabin

My fiancee rented a cabin in Christopher Creek for my birthday. After having dinner and a few drinks, the restaurant closed about 10:00 p.m., so we went back to the cabin. After she went to bed, I went out to take pictures of the full moon with a digital camera my friend lent me.

The full moon was to the west of us and I focused on two objects under the moon when I took the picture. Later, I took another picture of the moon when it looked more brilliant (complete picture not included for privacy reasons, which I will explain).

Still later that night, probably 1:00 a.m. on the 29th, I was on the back porch facing east, when I noticed a light just above the trees. I hustled back into the cabin and grabbed the digital camera. To my surprise, the light was still there and I took the picture, saying to it, "Gotcha!"

I honestly didn't think much about it. I have seen a lot of things in the sky that I can't explain. The one and only time I reported anything to the Seattle-based UFO reporting center, it was deemed "Jupiter?"

Because of that experience, I took the pictures believing they would be nothing of significance.

Two weeks later, when I was putting together a video of the trip, I zoomed in on the objects, and to my surprise, they were not planets/stars. After contemplating whether or not to report it, I sent two of the photos to "Coast to Coast" on June 29. I have yet to hear back from them.

Last night (July 7), the friend who lent me the camera came by to visit. I have since given him his camera back and he asked me about one of the pictures. He asked "Why did you put your address on the photo?"

I replied with, "What? I would never put my address on a picture. I don't want people knowing where I live."

He said, "Well it is on the window of the trailer under the full moon. You sure you didn't put it there?"

After discussing the weirdness of the picture, he went home and I went to bed. I kept thinking about what he said, so I got up and went to take a look for myself. Chills ran up and down my body for a full 30 seconds when I confirmed what my friend had told me - my address was indeed on the photograph. HOW? There is no address even close to mine in Christopher Creek!

I should point out that I own a home that is zoned for three structures. And while we had confusion with the City of Phoenix over the true address of our home, the address in the photograph is part of our property.

Two pictures actually have the same reddish area on the trailer which was part of the cabin owner's property, and located just east of our cabin rental. While the picture I am attaching has that area naturally blurred because I was focusing on the two objects under the full moon, the part of the picture I am not attaching has my street address clearly written in box-lettering, much like those letters you buy for your mailbox, except in a glowing reddish color. It looks like this: 

"000 N 00rd St" - I am a little freaked out...

I have sent the third picture cropped without my address to show you the location of the full moon.

Note to MUFON: I will gladly share the picture with my address clearly written with stipulations. You can confirm the address, but I don't want the world to know my address - fair enough?
