{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-06 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5511909.json","updb_database_id":5511909}
{nd} Looked out fromt turret window to north and immediately saw over the garage end of home extremely large disc shape and multi lit object holding its position then moving s-l-o-w-ll-y ove

I was waking early many nights around 3 am and this particular night, prior to trying to fight the restlessness, I get out of bed and kill time by walking to the front of the house where we have a turret room with 3 floor to ceiling windows. As I reached the front part of the multi-window turret area, I see immediately an enormous disc shaped object suspended about 200 ft over the NE rooftop of my attached garage. There were single lights encircling the entire bottom and I could tell it was metallic. Not a sound was made. I didn't want to take my eyes off of it as I watched it slowly go over the front part of my house and then I lost sight of it when it got to the extended SE turret side. I never saw it on the SE side so I imagine it may have gone straight up? I never called out to anyone in the house, which seems strange to say. But I can only think I didn't yell out is because it felt like if I did it would disappear and I wouldnt have been absolutely positive that what I saw was real with every second I watched it. I am 100% positive of what I saw and it frustrates me to no end that my husband dismisses it since I am an educated person with no rash or illogical behaviors. But it gets creepier. Then, about 6 months later, I awoke lying facing a chair my dog sleeps on and laying across my nightstand, is an extended grey skinny arm with long fingers, palm side up toward me as if to say "take it." The arm seems to be reaching through another dimension for there was no other body part showing.  The arm socket area was not defined but irregular even hazy. Again, no reaction from me and no yell to wake up my spouse, but it was as clear and solid as could be. I looked at it for a while noting that Im not dreaming because everything in the room was accurate. My explanation for why I seem to take time to visualize and analyze what Im seeing as opposed to calling out to anyone outweights needing their credibility, but confirming mine and my sensibility of what I can not fathom as an experience Im someone chosen to have. I closed my eyes and when I opened them, it was gone.
