{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-06 21:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5485909.json","updb_database_id":5485909}
Bright Blue and white going very fast and disappeared

Me and my girlfriend were driving to her place 9ish, it takes about 50 minutes to get there. We were driving up a slight grade with farmers fields all around us, so you can see for a long ways away all around us. We start going down the grade and there is a slight bend and you by a big long farmers field. As we were driving I was looking at the stars and all around because the night was super super clear, not a single cloud, fog, smoke or anything. We came around the corner and in front of us just a little bit over the tree lines and power poles a huge light appeared, it was a really big object, super bright blue and whitish light. It was going super fast and went a ways away for about 4 seconds or so than just disappeared in thin air, if something that big was in the air before I would have noticed it because the whole area was clear with fields, and I would have saw it going up the little grade. The object disappeared before it went out of the horizon. There was a super bright blue and white flames coming from the back of it with sparks coming off it too. It was shocking as it was so big, and was so close to the land going so fast and just appeared and disappeared. This is a very rural area so traffic around 9:50pmish to 10pm is very very rare and we did not see a car that night. After I pulled over looking out my windows to see for something else I could not see anything, but there was a white trail left from where the object was, it was not a smokey trail. It was just a somewhat bright white trail left from where it went. After a couple minutes to calm down because we were both left nervous and uneasy. We left and right after we left a few seconds down the road we drove through a super super thick fog, it took about 10 - 15 seconds to drive through, that was really weird too because that night was so clear without a cloud or anything. After we drive through the fog it just went back to super clear. A few days later on Facebook people tagged me in a link, I clicked it and it was sightings of a fire ball from a satellite in Halifax. Halifax is in the opposite direction about a 1 hour and 40 minutes away if not more. The fireball sightings were also around 6ish pm and there was a video of it posted and it looked nothing like what me and my girlfriend saw plus we were in the opposite direction, looked nothing like it, and was hours after the fire all sightings. The object I saw was so big and so low too. I could see almost all the details to it because it was so low. Everyone thought I was crazy, but I know what I saw. This has been bothering me ever since. I saw in PEI a video of a ufo a guy had on Facebook and said he contacted you guys so I thought I would too. If you need anymore information please let me know as I want to figure out if I saw a UFO or not. If you need more detail make sure to get back to me as well. Thank you.
