{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-19 14:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5487909.json","updb_database_id":5487909}
Black object. Looked like a man in the sky. hovering and slowly drifting.apachy helicopter flying around it very low

6th June 2012.2.37 pm. clear skies, high wispy clouds. At home in London with family watching England play foot ball ( I think)I walked down the road to the local chip shop and noticed a black object in the air just hovering. Looked like a man with something on. probably about as high as a high rise building (possibly a bit higher)watched it for a while and was very puzzled. not seen anything like it before. thought it might have been a collection of balloons playing tricks with my eye but it was just sitting there, wind was not moving it. it looked controlled. Any way I carried on to the chip shop with my girlfriend all the way saying that thing is weird ect.On the way back about twenty minuets later it was still there! just had move about 50ft in the sky from my view point and referencing of the building it was above. Couldn't believe it was still there!!I got back to my girlfriends place on the fourth floor and looked out the back doors and got a clearer sighting of it. everyone was watching the football and I was showing them the thing in the sky, everyone was like "what is that!!" so I took my 14 meg pixel camera with a small zoom and zoomed in and started to recorded. Also I noticed that there was a apache type looking helicopter flying very low just above the buildings in what seemed like a circle around it!! Now I live in central London and have never seen any helicopter fly this low let alone a military one. It had the infrared nose one the front of it or what ever its called. so year I filmed it and thought it was very strange. I used to read world aircraft magazine and have seen some of the drones that were around at that time but im convinced it wasn't a drone, plus why would they have one over central London? 

I don't want to upload the video to the public until ive edited the sound because I sound like a jackass - if MUFON wants it they can contact me.
