{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107713","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5453909.json","updb_database_id":5453909}
{cak} UFO Convoy of 50 plus

My wife and I had taken out two dogs outside to pee and she noticed an object off to the East of our back yard. It was a white round object several miles out that zig zagged and departed. Fun, but not biggy. Then something caught our eye to the NW. We noticed large round dull white spheres moving NW to NE in a perfect line. Perfectly spaced apart and flying fast and at the same altitude. As each craft hit an absolute certain point in the sky, as if there was an intersection there, they would fly straight up and out of site. At a high rate of speed. As if hitting the throttle as they ascended. They had to be several hundred thousand feet in the air. I am prior Special Forces, and have spent many years around various airplanes. These where absolutely not man made and no satellite release. After the first 40 to 50 exited, there was a 2 minute pause and then another 8 to 10 followed. Same flight path, same altitude and same exit point. it was just to far away to think a phone or residential camera could have photographed the event. It lasted between 12 and 15 minutes. We live in VA. My daughter and her husband live in Central PA. I sent my daughter a text on Saturday to share and she stated that they just happened to witness the same thing at 21:40. So they came in towards the end, but still estimated as many as 30. My wife and I ran in and got the other adult kids still living at home to come out and watch. Though entertaining and cool for a fist time sighting, it was actually disturbing by nature. It was no doubt a Convoy. Well planned and executed as if Military Convoy. Almost as if they where departing from an event and returning home via the same highway. I have never in all of my years witnessed anything like this. We all see an object from time to time that makes us question for a minute and tell the kids! Not this time. This was extreme and concerning in my opinion. We love star watching. Had a 5 acre country home on a hill in VA. Sky for 100 miles south. Float in the pool with my oldest daughter and star gaze all the time. This was the first time that I can say with confidence that this was an absolute Alien event. Please feel free to call any of us on the list. The story will be exact from each of us. Half where in PA and half in Winchester VA area. No pictures or need to draw. Very matter of fact
