{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491909","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/909/mufon-5491909.json","updb_database_id":5491909}
{dr}Several glowing orange orbs seen over about a 45 minute period.

I was just outside watching fireworks in my neighborhood and between about 9:25 pm and 10 pm I saw several glowing orange fire looking orbs. I would estimate they were all around 2000 foot altitude during most of the time I observed them in their horizontal movements. The first one I saw was moving east to west almost over head, but a little north of me. It pause and held stationary a couple of times and continued moving west then it made about a 45 degree turn to northwest and moved out getting smaller until it disappeared. It looked like when it turned NW it also began to ascend and probably disappeared into the high light overcast. A little while later I either spotted the same one or another one to the west and it was moving back to the east about the same altitude and appeared to get larger the closer it got. Then it reversed course and moved back west disappearing. A little while later I looked back to the west and saw an orb again just hovering in the sky. After about 30 seconds or so I saw another second one also in the sky hovering a little lower to the south of the first one. Then the one to the south began to climb and move north toward the first one and climbed above it. Then they both moved off to the northwest ascending and again disappeared. I saw another come in from the west and then it was like it shut off its glow, but I felt I could see a shadow move across overhead and on to the east. I could not make out a definite shape. A couple minutes later I saw an orb moving back to the west from the east, but further north than it was when I thought it crossed more overhead of me. I think it was the same one that turned somewhere to the east of me and moved a little north and came back to the west. I think I saw a couple more in the distance to the northeast momentarily. None of them made any noise. They all glowed a bright orange, kind of like fire at times, but in a round ball shape. I got a short video of the two moving to the west of me which is about 1 minute 12 seconds long taken with my Nikon L21 camera. I got one still picture of one to the northeast of me. In the video the large bright light near the bottom is a street light one block away west from my viewing location with the two orange orbs high above it. There are a couple flashes with some fireworks along the edges of the video. The orbs moved roughly at speeds typical of an aircraft, but a couple movements were what I would judge to be much faster than any planes of which I'm aware. Also when they changed directions it was instant, not like a turn typically made by aircraft. There was no wind, it was dead calm, my neighbor across the street has an American flag on a flag pole and it was dead still against the pole with no movement all evening. They were not Chinese lanterns because they moved in all directions including both up and down. There were no red, white, or green lights or flashing lights associated with the objects. They traveled way too far from one horizon to the other and could not be any civilian type of drone. This is my very first sighting of what I think appear to be actual orbs. I wonder if there will be any other reports from this area. They seemed to be quite visible and all over the northern Hernando County area and a lot of people were outside shooting off fireworks and looking up at the skies. DSCN0219 Video is looking west; DSCN0221 is a still picture shows the streetlight that was in the bottom of the video; and DSCN0222 is a still picture of an orb to the north northeast. In the high overhead view the viewing location is the red star. Path 1 is the first orb which roughly traveled that path west then northwest pausing and hovering a few times. Path 2 is the second orb which came in from the west, stopped then moved off to the northwest. Paths 3 and 4 were the 2 orbs in the video that moved in from the west stopped then 4 ascended and moved north then both went off to the northwest. Path 5 was the 5th sighting of an orb which just moved west then northwest. Path 6 was the orb that came in from the west, stopped, turned off the glow at the black hexagon location and continued east past me overhead. Path 7 I believe was the same one from path 6 now coming back west and then northeast.
