{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5501109.json","updb_database_id":5501109}
{cak} Object appeared out of tree line, 600 yards away. Came straight toward us. Rapid acceleration. Climbing fast. When directly overhead it separated into two.

My fianc1 and I were out watching the "Super Moon" as it was rising in the southeastern horizon. 

We had parked near a pasture that had recently been cut and bailed. I parked my truck toward the SE so we could view the moon as it climbed in the sky. On the far side on the pasture there was a tree line, approximately 600 yards away from us, which served as the southeastern boundary of the pasture. At approximately 2100 hours CDT we observed a lighted object rise up from the tree line, moving slow at first, and come directly toward us. The object seemed to accelerate and climb rapidly as it came toward us. Once it was directly overhead we saw it separate into two lighted objects. The total duration of the event was approximately 15 seconds. 

The object was a bluish-white light, spherical, and without definite size or shape. There was no sound or navigation lighting which is indicative of man made aircraft. The direction of movement was straight-line from the southeast to the northwest. 

When I first saw the light appear it seemed to come from the tree line and gradually rise and move toward us. My first thought and comment was, "Look, there's a drone flying up from the field!" I honestly thought someone was operating a lighted drone on the far side of the field in an effort to film the moonrise. However, the lighted object appeared the rise and accelerate at a rapid rate as it moved toward us. As it passed directly overhead we saw it separate into two lights, one trailing the other, and then vanish from sight. The speed of the object was far greater than any aircraft I have ever observed. There was no trail being ejected from the object, as is seen when meteorites hit the atmosphere and burn up, and there was no discernible arc to the movement. It was a straight line of flight. 

We discussed what we had just seen and were both in agreement that the object was not a normal occurrence and was unexplainable.
