{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-22 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44129","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2853,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5514109.json","updb_database_id":5514109}
{cak} My husband & i were coming home with 2 of our 3 children when i said to my husband do see those bright lights? All 4 of us saw these lights form a a straight line, while moving(very symmetrical)they form a triangle!

We were coming back from our relatives house (in Evans city) after celebrating Thanksgiving(11/21/2012). We were traveling on Rt 68 towards Zelienople when I happen to notice 3 bright fire orange lights or you could call them orbs..They looked like a bright orange fire in a lantern or glass globe with small lights that aligned the outside. We had just passed a car dealer which used to be Kasings on our right. They were hovering kind of low just above the tree tops. They were hovering in a straight line evenly spaced. Very strange. My husband was driving and 2 of my 3 children were in the back seat. My son (who is 11yrs) said dad they just formed a triangle! what are they!! By this time were at the traffic light on main st and our daughter (who is 12yrs) said dad turn around, turn around!! We made a left on to Main st and turned around at the Fuel On gas station, went back down Rt 68 and there they were again but even closer! One of them darted down one of the side streets(i think it was Oliver) and it was hovering above a house. My husband jumped out of the car and was yelling grab your camera! Grab your camera! We all got out of the car except our daughter who was actually getting a little scared. I was able to snap a few pictures. Our son got a picture on his ipod. The weird thing was we don't remember any other cars passing us or driving by. It was as if time stood still for a minute or 2. There was complete silence then all of a sudden you heard nothing but dogs barking and then they were gone!! Not sure what we saw but i get goosebumps everytime i look at our photos. Our kids are freaked out about it. My daughter actually moved her bed in the middle of her room, so shes not close to her bedroom windows. They had to sleep with us the last couple of nights and im just...well a little jumpy. My husband well hes a hyper but very level headed kind of guy. He seems to always have an excuse for everything well...not this time. He was just in a daze when we got home! We were all just at a loss for words;/
