{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-04 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5283109.json","updb_database_id":5283109}
I observed in the sky an aluminum coloured object, very large about half the size of a commercial airliner.

I was at the park with my daughter, I looked up as I could here a plane. The area lies between Manchester and Liverpool Airport so you get alot of air traffic. I firstly assumed the object I was seeing was some sort of plane as I could here the engine but then I realised the noise was coming from behind me and I looked back I could see A plane decending b3hind me and quickly realised this was the noise i could here.  I looked back up in the other direction at the bright silver object that looked to be around the same altitude. I couldn't see any wings, no contrails, and I couldn't make out the shape or see any parts. It was bright silver reflecting so much light and as I waited for a better angle hoping it would reveal its shape it slowly turned east. It appeared rectangular shape but with lots of edges cut out of the main body. If wasn't a smooth shape it had angles cut into it. it was so bright tand the same colour all over, no obvious cockpit or wings or engine I was complete puzzled. As it was now moving away from me I followed it for miles, it didn't gain altitude I could see it maybe 15 miles away or further in the sky as it was so bright. All other planes in the sky were higher that this object but I could see contrails etc. I looked on flight radar but I couldn't see anything that it could have been. It was silent, my only thought was could it have been an electric experimental plane or some kind of glider, but again nothing on flight radar and there was no wings, nothing identifiable as a window, a tail, a wing etc nothing. It as so bright it made it difficult to make out anything and when I did manage to focus I couldn't make out the shape it was almost like a jewell with lots of cuts into it. I had left my phone at home but it wouldn't have shown anything anyway due to how bright the object was.
