{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-30 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5502109.json","updb_database_id":5502109}
UFO lights on the Brussel's nightsky

I travelled to Brussels to visit a friend of mine who lives there. She was my tourist guide. We visited Brussels in only one day. Our day tour ended up in the main city square called "Grand Place". We get there by 20pm. It is such a beautiful square, with historic buildings and well lighted up. It also was full of people, mainly tourists. 

I have always loved astronomy and I have also felt always fascinated when I look at the nightsky and observe the stars. This conduct has become normal on me. Because of this, I looked at the sky that night in the Grand Place and I could identify different constellations and stars that I well know. I didn't notice anything strange. I must say that I wasn't looking for anything anyway, I just wanted to look at the sky as I normally do. I also noticed that it wasn't cloudy, all the sky was clear (it rained most of the day and, by that time, the sky got clear with no clouds). I also should say that I did not see any planes on the sky, any fireworks or any other lights apart from the ones coming from the square and people's cameras flash.

My friend and me decided to start taking pictures of the place. I took my photos with my Canon camera. My friend took her pictures with her new smartphone. Curiously, the UFO lights only appeared on the pictures taken by my friend. She also decided to take the pictures using the automatic shooting mode. This way, the mobile's camera takes 3 pictures automatically in less than 5 seconds. Why did my friend decided to do this? We don't know. In that moment we didn't notice anything. We were just two more tourists in the Grand Place of Brussels taking pictures as everybody else.

We noticed the UFO lights once we were at our corresponding homes. I transfered the images of my trip from my USB pendrive. I didn't even see anything that day. Furthermore, I deleted so many images as they were repeated because my friend decided to take 3 pictures of every place. As I said, she decided to use this camera mode. Therefore, there were so many similar pictures and I decided to delete most of them. However, and I don't know why (?) I left 3 images and this is when I noticed the lights. I could see that they the lights moved when I passed the images one by one. 

Suddenly, I realized that I deleted so many more so I took them back from the recycle bin of my computer. And there they were... So many lights in different photos, in different sites of the sky. All of them were in the Grand Place of Brussels, however, the pictures were taken looking at different buildings in this square. However, all this lights managed to appear in all of them...

I have counted around 10-12 lights in total. They don't appear on the same photo. Were they only 6? Were they more than 6? I don't know. Their shine on the photos is amazing. However, we didn't see anything on the sky that night. They were invisible. Only visible by cameras... 

I hope this will be usefull and I feel really glad participating with your UFO database.
