{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-05-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5493109.json","updb_database_id":5493109}
A group of us playing outside saw 3 UFO's. passing by, first slow then sped up and disapeared

When I was about 14yrs old, myself & a group of friends were playing kickball in the street when one of us saw something in the sky and we all looked. It was a group of 3 triangle shaped ships in a triangle formation. They went by at what seemed a slow speed, then they went straight up and vanished. My father worked at the National Guard and I called to ask if there were any jets out and about, and he told me they were all in base. This was not the only encounter I've had. Several years later a group of us went camping in El Yunque tropical forest, and we went up to one of the sightseeing towers. We all laid on the floor and looked up to the sky, we were there to see if we could see something unusual, and we did. We saw what looked like stars moving from one position in the sky to another and then back. It looked like a change of guard or something. It was a very clear night and we all saw it. Another time, a friend brought a telescope to my apartment so that I could help him assemble it since his English wasn't very good and instructions were in English. We were in the terrace, it was about 5PM and three golden spheres flew by us, so close we could almost hey were about the size of a bowling ball. I've always suspected there were and nuclear war heads in one of the Naval bases on the island's east coast and that's why we were being observed. There was also a case where a UFO crashed in El Yunque and the forest was closed to the public for several weeks. Of course, the government never admitted it was a UFO that crashed. That's it, haven't seen anything in a long time, but I'm always looking up just in case. I no longer live in Puerto Rico, I'm now in Dallas, Tx. I have been a firm believer in UFO's and extra terrestial life, & I love what your're doing. Thanks
