{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-06 13:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5471109.json","updb_database_id":5471109}
ONE TRIANGLE FLEW WITH FLUORESCENT GREEN PULSES FOLLOWED BY A DOUGHNUT FLYING WOBBLY WITH GREEN PULSES. 2 EXTREMELY FAST OBJECTS IN OPPOSITE DIRECTION DURING FILMING THESE,

I was watching TV when i noticed a black object in the sky flying left to right out my window. I watched it and it suddenly came clear it was a triangle. I grabbed my phone to start recording and noticed a highly unusual fluorescent green at one of the edges pulsing randomly. I managed to press record on my phone. As i was recording the first object which was flying out of view, i was absolutely shocked to notice a second object lower in the sky flying behind it. The second object was a doughnut shape. It wobbled as it flew. Both objects were black. The second object was much clearer and i could see as it wobbled that there was a hole in the middle. It was shaped exactly like a doughnut. It too had green fluorescent pulses. The second object should have been extremely clear on my camera but when i have watched the footage back, NEITHER object can be seen, HOWEVER, i noticed on the camera footage that there are 2 other objects moving in the OPPOSITE direction at the same height of the first object. These 2 move extremely quickly and are parallel to each other. I did not see these when i was filming.I have sent the footage to a friend who is good with imaging to see if he can pull the objects from the footage. I do not know why they are not apparent in my footage. I have NEVER witnessed anything as incredible as this in my 40 years. This was no standard craft. This was nothing like i believe the military has or anyone else.
