{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5486109.json","updb_database_id":5486109}
{nd} high, flashing light in straight path, sudden hairpin turn

I stepped out on the front porch last night. Sky was fairly clear and many stars were visible. I was drawn to look up because of a flashing. I saw what looked like a very high airplane, but could see it was much higher than the planes I'm accustomed to seeing in the area. I was facing South, and the lights were a bit East of due South.

All in the matter of no more than 4 seconds, I caught a first flash. Then at what would have to be a very fast speed, I saw it flash again at several degrees higher distance than the first flash. That second light also flashed for only a split second, and again, after the same interval of time, I saw it flash a third time. If the first flash was 40 degrees above the horizon, the third flash was about 50 degrees. All of these flashes were in a perfectly straight line.

Instead of blinking out like the two flashes, this third appearance of the light remained on at the same split second that it made a hairpin change of direction, shooting off at approximately a 5 degree angle from its original path. This shooting off was back in the direction it had come, so it was shooting off lower in the sky than from where I saw the first light. The light was steady from the third flash, on through this streaking off on the hairpin turn. This exit was brief, it covered a few degrees in the sky and blinked off.

I stayed on the porch, checking myself about what I'd just seen. I confirmed that it wasn't a plane, since it behaved unlike any seen before in the area. I considered whether I maybe saw two objects, one flashing three times and going off, then with another object, like a meteor, somehow making this hairpin streak from the exact location of the third light. That didn't seem at all likely. It had looked like one, continuous and self-contained, organic event.

I waited for a couple of minutes before going inside again, in case I would catch sight of the light/object again - I saw nothing more, so finally went in and told my wife what I'd seen.

It was all relatively unspectacular, the light(s) being at such a great distance, but the impossibly tight turn, that sudden change of direction obviously makes the behavior of the phenomenon classic.

I do wonder if I'll see a report somewhere of someone else in the area seeing the same thing. I'd very much like to know.

Thanks for reading. Happy to report to MUFON - Not a breathtaking event, but it was, I do believe, a UFO, so wanted to do my bit and report it.
