{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-13 21:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286109","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/109/mufon-5286109.json","updb_database_id":5286109}
Three brownish spheres, close together and arranged in a triangle shape connected by dark metallic (?) struts

At 9:58 PM last night, August 13th 2021, I observed the peculiar object. I was with a group of friends, all of whom were in a garage while I was outside of the garage in an open parking lot looking up at the sky. I had seen unusual objects in the sky in this area previously, and decided to spend more time looking up. I was standing away from the garages and looking up over the garage structure (looking toward the north) when I noticed an unusual object come into my view from over my head. It moved silently and at a steady rate of speed. Three brownish spheres connected together to make a single object, and some struts were also visible protruding from the object. As it was moving steadily overhead, it quickly rotated in a clockwise fashion by 30 to 40 degrees, then partially rotated back to its original orientation. The object looked like it was computer generated (CGI), and yet I witnessed it personally. The metallic surface had some unusual properties, it was dull colored but also had an unusual reflective sheen. The object appeared to be somewhat blurry as well, I had a hard time focusing my eyes on it despite having 20/20 vision. Gauging the size and distance of the object was also quite difficult. At first I thought the UAP was large and flying high above us, but when I shifted my perspective (moved several steps backward) the movement of the object relative to my position indicated that it may have been small and passing very close over our heads. The experience was eerily silent and left me completely speechless despite the fact that I had intended to yell out to my friends if I had seen one (I wanted witnesses and intend to have them if I see something again). The timing of the incident was unusual as well (around 10:00 PM) because it was about the same time that I had seen a peculiar moving light in the sky about 2 months previously in the same location. After the object passed over the garages and I couldn't see it anymore, I became so confused that I waited for approximately 5 minutes thinking it over before I wrote down notes to remember the important details. This morning I drew a sketch of what I saw and then wrote down the notes I took on the same page, which I included a picture of. The area of the sighting is in the geographical center of the Minneapolis - Saint Paul Metro area and we are only a few miles from the MPLS. ST. PAUL international airport, so we have plenty of aircraft that fly over the area, but I have never in my life seen something so unusual and confusing. I will continue to watch over this area and report anything else that I see.
