{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-06 22:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2372,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5519606.json","updb_database_id":5519606}
orange light with randomly appearing orange-red light on top

1. I was heading into work with my boss.

2. My boss noticed it and pointed me to it.

3. I thought it was an asteroid because of its fiery color until my boss told me it was moving upward.

4. It appeared from across the street and seemed to do a slight lateral curve (while heading upward on an incline). As it got closer, its angle of elevation changed to a degree that Ive never seen a plane ascend at. All the while it was making no noise whatsoever (which is a shock because it was pretty close) and was moving far too quickly to be a weather balloon. Seemed too fast to be a helicopter or plane either. The most shocking part was how high it kept going. It continued to ascend and when I looked away for a second, my boss told me it disappeared. We both looked to see if it would come back and it didn't.  

5. At first I was scared because I thought we might be getting pelted with a space rock, but then I was nervous and excited by the prospect of what we were witnessing. Now Im a little frightened by the implications of what I saw and any possible future contacts with any kind of extraterrestrials or those that may be trying to hide them... Ive been pretty public about this because I didn't feel like hiding it.

6. I looked away from the object to see how well my picture of it turned out (not that well...) and my boss just said it was gone. I don't know if it turned its "lights" off or something, but Im reasonably sure that it left the atmosphere do to its continuing ascension and the last altitude I personally saw it at. Ive never seen anything fly that high up (at least that quickly).
