{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5509606.json","updb_database_id":5509606}
I was sleeping. I noticed lights inside my room. I thought they were stars.

The shooting took place in the night of 30th June 2013.Anca waas sleeping at home. Even though the ships seem to be red and they were flashing, in reality their light was very bright and stable.
At first these ships were standing. Then, they started to move slowly in groups of 3 to 4 or maybe more while the others remained in place. They didn't make any sound.
I saw clearly one of the ship which went above my building (i don't know exactly at what distance was the ship, but it was enough to see clearly the ships shape). It was ovoid and had a light color.
UFO Sighting Over Vaslui, Romania, 30 June 2013
Hi,
I belong to the group of translators from Romania and I want to share with you an experience I had on 29th to 30th June 2013 in Vaslui, Romania.
That night I got awake at 2 a.m. with no logical reason and I saw on the wall a glow that seemed to come from a light siren (the curtains were drawn). I got out of my bed and went to the window to see where the light was coming from. There were two ambulances across the street.
Then I looked up to the sky and I saw a lot of bright lights. Too bright to be stars. I thought I wasn1t seeing clearly so I put my distance glasses.
Yes, I was seeing clearly. There were more than 15 bright globes standing next to each other with no precise disposal. Not too far, but no so close either. They surely weren1t stars because their light was too bright comparing to the other stars.
I couldn1t believe it! I had been hoping for so long to see them! I used to walk many nights and look up to the sky, admiring the beauty of the stars and thinking maybe someday I would see one of our galactic brother1s naves. Finally it happened and I saw not just one, but a lot of bright globes!
I took the camera quickly and started to shoot. My hands were shaking. 
At first these naves/spaceships were standing. Then, they started to move slowly in groups of 3 to 4 or maybe more while the others remained in place. They didn1t make any sound. Some of them went in-line with the building I1m living in, others went above it. I noticed that the more they were moving away from the rest of the group, the less they were shining, but it clearly see their shape. Eventually, they disappeared. 
I saw clearly one of the naves/spaceships which went above my building (i don1t know exactly at what distance was the ship, but it was enough to see clearly the ship's shape). It was ovoid and had a light color. 

They were so beautiful, so bright! Unfortunately, the shooting wasn1t very precise because from time to time I was moving my attention from camera to the sky. I lost the notion of time, but I think it all lasted about 15 minutes. 
When I downloaded the movie to my computer I noticed that the naves/spaceships seemed to be red and they were flashing, but in reality their light was very bright and stable. 
That morning I was astonished to find out that my boyfriend (who1s skeptic about this kind of beliefs) had himself an interesting experience. He told me that he had been awakened at 3 a.m. by a powerful whizzing. It didn1t come from any electrical device. He tried to fall asleep but the same whizzing began to sound, this time in his head. In that moment he had a thought telling him that the whizzing was a way for extraterrestrial beings to communicate.
I believe that our experiences weren1t just simple coincidences especially because they happened approximately at the same time. 

Some more details:
I will try to give as many details i remember besides those already said. My view from the balcony is to the north. It was a serene and quiet night with no wind. As i said, at first the spaceships were not moving and their position was approximately west 1 north (in my left side). Then, they started to move slowly in groups of 3 to 4 or maybe more while the others remained in place. I remember that in the end remained only one spaceship. Some of them went east, some south, south 1 east (one of them went right above my block of flats).They didn1t make any sound.
So far i didn1t heard about any other testimony. I shared the video on facebook and to others but nothing for now. I hope to be more witnesses because i really do not think that i was the only one. 

Regarding the ambulances, at some point i looked to the staff ambulances, but they were just doing their work (although i didn1t see any people injured and all was quiet) it didn1t seemed that they saw the spaceships. Actually i don1t know if they could see them because between the spaceships and the staff ambulances was a 4 storey high block. I have a very good view because i live in the top floor (4th floor).
As for my boyfriend, he just heard the whizzing, he didn1t got up from the bed.
Indeed Romania is a blessed country with magnificent mountains and beautiful sea. I just wish people here to realize this more and to be more loving and trusting.
