{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-29 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5460606.json","updb_database_id":5460606}
{tjd} MY wife and I saw 3 white orbs moving around in the sky from our backyard at that time.

It was 2:30pm on a Sunday afternoon on the 29th of May 2016. My wife and I decided to go swimming in our above ground swimming pool in the backyard that afternoon. So, we are in the pool and there was a beautiful blue sky with no clouds. All of the sudden we heard a yellow open cockpit plane fly low over one of the houses to the east of us. We turned our heads to see the plane, but then we noticed something behind the plane. It was round and had a dull white color to it. My wife said "look at that balloon'. We watched it move away from the plane in a straight line to the north of us. At this point, I turned my head to the north and saw two bright white orbs. The first orb moved into position above the two and form a triangle, then there was a flash and all three were lite bright white. My wile and I started wavying our hands at them. I said' hi there how you doing" as I am smiling at them. The first orb responds to our movements and positioned itself a few hundred feet right above us. I am thinking this is not good, these orbs can produce and maintain an electrical charge and we are in water!  So, I was getting a little nervous. I then looked at the other two orbs and observed the right side orb moved up a few feet and then the left orb in an instant moved next to the right orb. I thought to myself It looked like they were playing chicken, but right orb did not fall for it. I knew at this point, in my mind these were living entities! As I focused my attention from the orb above us and back to the other two orbs, a Southwest plane took off and was gaining attitude. One of the other two orbs positioned itself a few hundred feet above the plane. I thought those people on that plane will never know that a white orb was right above them during getoff. As we focused on the orb above us we lost sight of the other two orbs and then the orb above us moved off to the northeast going up into the atmosphere as it moved away. After I lost sight of that orb that was above us, I saw three military fighter jets. Two came from the east go west and the last fighter jet came from the southwest and went into the direction of the orb going northeast. This all took place in a span of about 20 minites.
