{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-08 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63827","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5495606.json","updb_database_id":5495606}
{nd} my wife called me several times describing strange lights in a tree farm field.

I drive a semi. My wife called me several times describing lights in the field across the street from our house. She said that one was orange and on the ground, one was white and was changing shape and hovering, two more came and left a few times like they were helping the one on the ground. She also said there were red lights on some of them. This event took place in rural McHenry county by Hebron IL. 
      As for myself, about 6 years ago I was on my way home from work and I saw a red light in the sky at about the same location. The light was about the size and intensity of a single semi trailer brake light is at about 200 yards. There was only a single light and as I drove nearer towards it I could see that the rise of the light per my distance and speed would have put the light to the West of my house by about 300 yards, and about 400 feet high from the ground. I glanced in my Jeep to see if the light was a reflection from something in the Jeep, there was nothing that would emit a light similar to that in the sky, I looked back up to see the light and it was gone. Total duration of my experience was about 1 minuite. When I went to work the next day, I described my experience with a coworker, then he described the same light in the sky that he saw about 20 years earlier in the same place from a different viewing place. Whatever this (these) lights are, they reappear. 
     McHenry had an earthquake a few years ago and I watched the flashing earthquake lights for about 2 years. The earthquake lights were like seeing the flash from a fire truck light bar from 2 miles and over a hill. These lights started out with just one here and there once and a while and escalated to the point that the whole Southern horizon was constantly flashing every night as well as once in a while I would receive a shock and see a bright flash of light, day or night, eyes open or closed would see these flashes. After the earthquake all the flashes and shocks stopped immediately. What we have seen in the sky "ain't no quake lights"; been there, done that.
