{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5516606.json","updb_database_id":5516606}
(GS) ufo battle. called 911 falling ufos bright light,tentacles,next night seen one by moon and other ufos came from larger one 8 eye witnesses

my husband and i were sitting on the porch smoking a cigg, i noticed this flashing light in the sky ( where stars were) it was blue and red. we both went out to the rd and seen several more. we both lay on top of the car watching and soon some neighbors came to join. there were several hundred ufos shooting at each other, we seen some ufo blow up and fall but don't know where it landed, this continued for 2 hrs. later a huge bright white light like a ball of energy shot up from behind the apartments and dissapeared rather quickly, we called 911 and officer came out and he told us unless it lands right here he cant help us. about an hour later there where several hundred of these balloon like things with tentacles that would light up bluish and they seemed to be taking over the other ufos. my husband went to the backyard and called all of us back there. we llook up and the moon was split in half and next to it you could see something with these lights underneath and it was huge, next noticed like these black dots shoot out from it and then there are flying saucers less than 20ft away. me and 2 other girls took off running, my husband and his friend hid behind the dumpster, my husband says one flew right by him and the air rippled and he could see in it stopped for a moment it was human like shaped. after that my husband wanted to leave and was scared. i refused, i wanted to say and see what was gonna happen. we woke up everyone in the neighborhood to come out and see, and they all admitt that these arent stars or planes or goverment planes. just ufos and weirded out. the following night everyone in the neighborhood was out sitting watching, and these triangle shape things would drop out orbs of lights and they hovered / bounced, zero sound from everything seen. all these lights flashed as if in communication with each other, some red some orange some blue and green. they seemed spiderlike they would drop out 2 lights from themselves and would extend themselves. my husband gets a laser pen and starts flashing it at a green one above our apartment and it flashed back, this went on for 2 hrs and it started coming down lower, and you could see the lights all connected as if string or something but moved with sequence. we ended up getting scared and went to bed. ever sense july 15th 2012 there have been these star like objects and bright lights flying that is no way possible an airplane or helicopter. i am convinced about ufos there were to many events that took place for it to be a hoax, i know what i saw. both nights we were excited to see something and then it got nerve wrecking, now its as if they know they came to close and stay further back in the sky with an occassional one doing what it wants freely. strangely the second night of this when i took my dog out too pee, it felt so strange and weird when icalled him to come inside he came running like normal but when he got 2 ft from me he layed down which never happens ever, and it scared the f**k out of me, because something was pretending to be my dog, and then from the other side of the yard i see my dog. i was freaked out and ran inside.the first nights all the objects descending towards the sun around 6 30 am, and every other onjects just goes out of distance with speed, everynight we still spot stuff in the sky and we kno its not a aircraft. the starlike thing still sit there, someone needs to investigate. i tried filming with my camera the secong night but its not that great and ppl can argue that its anything, but we here in athens tennessee know what we saw. my husband has many more details this is very breif of what happened, we also heard over 15 other 911 phone calls over the scanner about aliens. another weird thing the day this happened the clounds in the sky were perfect and resembled many things of face people animals it was very strange.
