{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-06-01 12:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5466606.json","updb_database_id":5466606}
{cak} Witnessed young girl being abducted by two men dressed in black. They saw that I saw them & they came to my door and told me to open the door telepathicly. They abducted me & took me somewhere & took eggs from my body & put something in my nose .

I was standing behind my screen door in the front of my home. I saw an old car parked next door with two men dressed in black forcing a screaming young girl into their vehicle. The men saw that I was watching & came to my home. When I saw them coming, I quickly shut the door. I thought to myself, had I locked the back door. They spoke to me telepathicly & told me they could get in even if the door was locked and told me to open the front door, which I did. They were around six feet tall, had top hats on and their skin was greyish. I thought they had wrap around sun glasses on because their eyes were almond shaped. I tried to lead them out of the living room because I had an 8 month baby in a car bed there. The next thing I remember was them asking me if I would give them eggs from my body saying that where they came from they needed genetic material from other races because they had reached a point where they were having problems. I told them they could have my eggs but they were to remove my genes from them, that they belonged to my husband. I then felt intense pain in my abdomen and I screamed and thought to myself that maybe the neighbors would hear me and call the police. They told me the neighbors couldn't hear me and I realized that I wasn't in my home. All during this time they didn't let me see their faces. I remember fighting them as they were implanting something in my nose. One of them said to another that he put one in my breast too. The next thing I remember I was in a spaceship and the driver was having problems with the craft and had landed it in Sag Harbour. I could read a sign on a dock that said it was government property and no trespassing. I was told that the government knew all about them. When the craft regained power he took me under the water and showed me an underwater domed city. I asked where were all the people. I could see buildings and street lights but no people. The next thing that happened I was taken to a mountain that opened up and we flew inside it. I was made to walk down a hallway where their were creatures that they kept locked up. I could hear a man screaming like he was being eaten alive. I asked where they got their people and was told transients. Then I was put on a bus where the windows were blocked so I couldn't see out. I was taken to a room where there was an old man standing behind a desk. He informed me that I was going to be seen by a man who would decide what happened to me. I remember being told that if I told anyone about my abduction or what I had seen that they would hurt my children. The next thing I remember I was back home behind the door in my living room and I was bleeding vaginally. I told my husband what had happened and we both kept quiet for years. When I told one of my son's wives, my son had a bad attack of shingles and he was only in his early forties. This is my story.
