{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-09-05 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2880,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5503606.json","updb_database_id":5503606}
Saw the ufo hovering over the trees in my back woods.

I was walking past my window in my kitchen when I noticed something big hovering over the trees in my back woods. I stopped and went over to the window and watched it. I was really scared, so I called my neighbor who lived on the other side of these woods.I asked my neighbor to please look out her back window and look over towards my house and tell me what she saw. When she came back to the phone she said" if I didn't know better, I would think I was looking at a flying saucer." I never told her what I thought it was before I asked her to look out the window. I thanked her and told her, that I was just confirming what I was seeing hovering over our woods.
I got this feeling like something was coming for me outside my house. After the phone call there is a total no recall of anything. I don't know if I saw or imagined a line of small gray people outside of my house coming for me. I awoke on my living room couch and a different neighbor down the street was knocking on my back door. I was so happy to see him and immediately said "K-- there is a flying saucer outside hovering over the woods. K---went to the window and said " there's nothing out there. K---sat down and I went over to the window and looked out there. It wasn't hovering over the trees anymore. I looked higher up and more easterly and there it was. It was lower than any of the stars and very bright. It moved to the right and then to the left. It kept making this M in the sky. 
I was already embarassed at the fact I just blurted out there was a flying saucer, so I didn't point out the fact it was out there making an M in the sky. I was still looking out the window when my husband came home (8:30-9 PM). My neighbor blurted out to my husband as he was coming in the door, that it was a good thing he just got home because (me) was seeing flying saucers. My husband stopped in his tracks and said let me tell you what I just saw. On his way home( on a back road)he stopped to relieve himself. He said he looked up in the sky and there was this bright thing making a continuous M in the sky. Now, I hadn't told my neighbor or even spoke one word to my husband yet. So, he saw it also.
I have been afraid to mention this to anyone, this was in 1977.
