{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485606","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74121","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/606/mufon-5485606.json","updb_database_id":5485606}
{jpg} We saw a hovering, rotating red light illuminating the ground, which twice turned off and then moved, with no sound.

On a warm night in 1984, we were sitting outside in the yard talking at our family farm in Central Texas. I cannot remember the exact date, but it was a pleasant, starlit and moonlit night, perhaps in the early spring or fall. We could see well enough to walk around outside, so there must have been a full moon or a nearly full moon. 

My two dogs suddenly began barking and running off toward a the neighbor's pasture, which is located to the north side of our farm. The property line runs only 30 yards or so from where we were sitting, and a barbed wire fence separates the two farms. The other property was pretty large, perhaps 200 or more acres, with a mix of oak trees, mesquite thickets, and grassy areas scattered with weeds, brush, prickly pear, and brier patches. Nobody lived there except a herd of cows, so the pasture next to the fence was an overgrown tangle of brush at the time. My dogs ran through the fence wires and into the neighbor's pasture, still barking, and I walked over there to see what had caused them to bark. 

These were very vigilant, fiercely protective watchdogs -- the kind of dogs that kept people in their cars until I called the dogs off. They weren't prone to running off barking at rabbits or small animals, but they did chase the neighbor's cows if they got too close to the fence. If a PERSON were to get close to that fence, that would be as far as he would get without getting dog-bit. So when those dogs barked and ran toward the fence, I followed them to see why they were agitated. I fully expected to see them chasing the neighbor's cows, but all I saw was the vague outline of trees, weeds, and bushes in the moonlight, and the two dogs charging back towards me. They shot through the fence and stood beside me, no longer barking but looking toward the neighboring pasture. It was really strange behavior for them. 

At that point I heard a very weird sound, like a baby crying, which was coming from the pasture. The sound lasted only a few seconds and then stopped. The dogs didn't react except to perk their ears a bit. No baby would be in the woods at night, but a rabbit makes a similar sound when it thinks it's about to die, so I thought something must have killed a rabbit. Obviously it was not my dogs that killed it because they were now beside me.

While still wondering about the weird noise, I was startled to see a bright red light suddenly appear, hovering above the ground perhaps 12 to 15 feet, just 50 to 75 feet beyond the fence. It was like an orb that glowed red but had a brighter beam of red light that was slowly rotating. It clearly illuminated the trees and undergrowth below and around the light-object, and when the bright beam rotated in my direction, it was blindingly bright. I could see nothing below or above it to which the light might be connected -- it was just a "light" that just hovered there, silently. It was not in a location where you would expect any people to be at that time of night (or ANY time), and my dogs would have continued to bark if there were people so close to the fence. I do not think a vehicle could be driven to that spot, and there was no sound or noise -- you can hear vehicle sounds long before you SEE the vehicle, at that location.

I went to get the others, and three of my relatives ended up witnessing this, in addition to myself. We watched the revolving red light for 10 to 15 more minutes, excitedly discussing it, wondering what it was. We were too freaked out to think of getting a camera. Nobody went closer because you'd have to climb the barbed wire fence and then walk through a very overgrown, rattlesnake-infested and cactus-laden pasture to get closer to the light, and we could see it very clearly from where we stood. Nobody saw anything to which this light was attached, and it remained about 12 to 15 feet off the ground at all times, steadily rotating its bright red beam. Then suddenly, the light went out.

About 30 seconds later the light re-appeared, but in a new location. In total silence, it had moved to the northeast part of the pasture, which was heavily overgrown with mesquite trees. This was probably 200 to 300 yards further away and the mesquites were so thick it was hard to see the light, yet it still lit up the trees around it as it rotated. We began walking along the fence to get closer, but when we began to close in on it, the light went out again. So we started to go back to the house. Then we saw the light again, now in the northwest part of the pasture, and very far away from its previous position. Once again it had moved in total silence. We walked in that direction for a few steps and the light went out again, and after that we never saw it again.

I don't know what this light or object was. If it was related to human activity, I don't know how they got to that first location or the other locations, one of which was virtually inaccessible, in total silence and in a matter of seconds between locations. Or how any person could be in that first location, so close to the fence, without getting bit by my dogs (one of my dogs was notorious about biting people who she deemed to be "trespassers.") Also why had no humans been seen in the illuminated area created by the hovering light and the moonlight. The light seemed to be an object hovering in space, 12 to 15 feet off the ground. It illuminated the ground and there was nothing under it except trees and brush. Nor could we see anything above it.

Even a 4-wheel-drive vehicle would probably be impossible to drive in that area and would have made a lot of noise. Walking through acres and acres of overgrown property at night would be very strange and foolish. Besides this, it was rare to ever see people on that property. Nobody lived there and people hardly ever ever walked around or drove around on that farm, or hunted or did anything else on that property. Certainly not at night. Besides this, any such activity would have made noise, but there was no noise associated with the hovering light. Our farmhouse was adjacent to that pasture, with windows overlooking it. It had been about 10 years since I personally had seen a person step foot on that part of the neighboring property.

Was this a UFO? I don't know WHAT the heck we saw, just that we saw it. If it was hovering as it seemed to be, then YES it was a UFO. At the time, we had no idea what it was and we still don't. We never reported it. There is actually a history of at least one reported UFO sighting and a cattle mutilation in the area, and a couple of other incidents have happened on the farm, but this incident was witnessed by more people and we had a much closer view of this rotating-red-light object. MUFON can contact me for more info on the other things.
