{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-01 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482550","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3011,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/550/mufon-5482550.json","updb_database_id":5482550}
Watching fireworks over Lake Winnipeg and noticed a bright red starlike object behind and above fireworks.It moved up and down every few minutes and then came closer to the area of the fireworks once they had all been set off.

I left our cottage at 10:40 to watch Canada Day fireworks. The display began at 10:45. It was set off across a bay at the Victoria Beach pier which is about a good half mile away from out viewing area called Redwing Park. About 5 minutes into the display,I noticed a red starlike object behind the fireworks over lake Winnipeg.At first i thought it was part of the show but it was constant. Knowing my planets and stars I thought it looked out of place being so red and about 25 degrees above the lake due west.As I kept observing the object,I noticed that it began moving up and down several degrees.It continued to do this every few minutes until the show ended at 11 pm.
At that moment I called my wife over to witness the object.
Shortly after the display ended,the object began to approach the area where the fireworks were being set off. It then stopped and made a sharp right turn heading north for a short distance(5-10 seconds). It then changed directions again and headed west back over Lake Winnipeg until we could no longer see it due to the trees.As stated I know my planets.Jupiter was just off to the left of the fireworks at about 30 degrees and mars and saturn much further to the south and east.
The altitude of the object was hard to judge but it was lower than the cirrus clouds. I estimate about 5 000 feet.
I was amazed with what I was seeing. It completely took my attention away from the fireworks. The strange thing was that at least 40 other people were there. I felt like saying something but because I didn't know anybody I was hesitant to comment especially since they were enjoying the fireworks. That is why I had to get my wife's attention(she had left before me so she too was standing amongst strangers).
It is unfortunate that as we stayed to observe,everyone had already departed.
That is when things got very weird.I am surprised that nobody else has reported this. There were probably hundreds of people out that night at various locations along the east shores of Lake Winnipeg taking in Canada Day fireworks.
Wonder if it could have been a drone???
ps-I don't own a phone and my wife said it wouldn't have come out looking like much on hers.
