{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-20 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515550","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/550/mufon-5515550.json","updb_database_id":5515550}
{cak} two objects appeared out of nowhere, radiated light then disappeared.

It was exactly 12:00 noon as I was driving home on highway 99 heading South. I was in Mcfarland and it was a bright sunny day, no clouds at all in the sky. This is a drive I had made a hundred times before. Out of the corner of my eye in the top left corner of my windshield I noticed a bright light surrounding a dark object appear, roughly the size of an aspirin in the sky, I leaned forward to center it more in my vision. The object was dark with no noticible details, like it was a blacked out view off the object. It was shaped like this: a smaller spike out the top and a larger spike out of the bottom with the middle being like a small circular body of the aircraft. The light itself was different then anything I have ever seen. It radiated from the aircraft leaving the aircraft perfectly visible, but without shining light onto the aircraft. The light lasted about 3 seconds and then the object and light completely disappeared. There was no trace, trail, etc. The whole first sighting lasted about 4 seconds. After the first sighting I thought maybe I was tripping out and was a little confused about what I saw being it happened so fast. I continued to drive while watching the sky thinking about what just happened and to see if any trace or thing would show up. Five to seven seconds after the first object disappeared another object appeared out of nothing but lower in the sky and closer to me, so about the middle of my windshield and a little to the left, about the size of a penny now. I was looking exaclty where it appeared, this object had the same visual qualities as the 1st, but it was bigger in the sky and tilted slightly to the left and away from me compared to the first object. It was still blacked out to all details with the same super bright light radiated around the whole object. The light was completely different from reflected light, because it left the object complely visible. The light was circular around the object and radiated around 1.5 to 2 times the distance on all sides - compared to the size of the object. The same thing happened, after about 3 seconds it was completely gone. This is a bright sunny day with long visibliity and nothing else in the sky. It appeared and vanished out of thin air. My initial thought after the second sighting was reassured of the first and I know it was something that was amazing. The light around the object seemed to me like the object was drawing energy, like it was invisible until it needed to draw energy to go wherever it was headed, and once it had the energy after the 3 or so seconds it was gone. I continued to drive and watch the sky but nothing else was to be seen. I sent a text message to my wife telling her I just saw a ufo :)
