{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-28 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504550","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/550/mufon-5504550.json","updb_database_id":5504550}
{kt}A series of perhaps 50 amber, glowing orbs rose into the sky one after another with a pulsing sound, then dispersed and disappeared from view.

On the evening of December 28, 2013, at approximately 7pm, I was sitting in my mother's house talking with her and my sister-in-law, when my brother came in from checking the outside water spigots and said something like, "Get ready for the alien invasion." I thought he was talking about the flashing Christmas orb on my mother's enclosed side porch, which my brother would have been able to see through the blinds. We laughed, then he insisted he wasn't kidding, and that we should look outside. We all went to the side porch door and looked out, myself and my sister-in-law stepping out onto the porch steps. My brother pointed to the sky, southwest, at about a 45 degree angle. All of us saw a glowing, amber-colored orb, rising in the sky. We could faintly hear a sort of pulsating hum, which we thought must be some sort of propulsion system. Then we saw that there were more orbs rising from some unknown point, one after another. They seemed to be moving at a fairly slow rate of speed, perhaps like a small plane, but there were no exterior lights or typical airplane engine noise. The orbs themselves glowed, sort of shimmering. I asked for someone to bring my iPhone so I could video the event, which I did for 2 minutes 45 seconds. During the event my sister-in-law and I saw possibly as many as 50 of the orbs ascend from apparently the same place to the southwest, rise one after another into the sky, some moving in a northward direction, but more moving toward the east. As they rose, eventually they disappeared from view, though I could not tell if that was due to clouds, altitude, or if the objects actually got dimmer and dimmer. After I stopped videoing, my sister-in-law and I stayed there and watched for several more minutes; when nothing different happened, we finally went inside, but the objects had not completely stopped appearing when we stopped watching. When I saw the first object, I thought perhaps it was a weather balloon being launched, though why there would be a pulsing hum I could not figure out. But when the objects just kept appearing, probably for about 10 minutes, I could not believe so many weather balloons would be launched from the same place at one time. I did not feel fear or dread, just curiosity, and a bit of amazement. I fully expected to see or hear an explanation of the event on the news the next morning, but I have seen and heard nothing at all to date. Regarding the video I took with my iPhone, sadly I cannot seem to email it to myself so I can save it to my computer hard drive, and cannot get it to publish to YouTube. But I would love to be able to share it so that this event can be fully investigated.
