{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-06-01 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491550","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/550/mufon-5491550.json","updb_database_id":5491550}
{cak} They knew i seen them and zigged zagged off faster then anything ive ever seen.

This happened awhile back, acouple years ago.It has effected my life and everything I believed in . It taught me to believe in myself even when nobody else would.I went fishing one night at this pond in front of this nursing home on a country road where there was a no fishing sign so i was risking getting introuble but still did. So im fishing there and i look up in the sky and there they were . I wasn't scared i was more amazed. They were very close but not close enough where i could get a clear description on what they exactly looked like they were big tho. It was dark but i could still see there shadowy figures almost like they were blending in but not completely . The lights looked like they were in a triangle formation and moved weird. For some reason i feel like someone else was with me but that part is kind of a blur . I just remember telling the person that was with me look at that, holyyy crap , i got excited. When i first seen the ufos they were just hovering without any noise for acouple of minuts maybe only 1 they were watching me i could sense it. Then its like they knew i was looking right at them .They instantly zig zagged back and forth left to right faster then anything i have ever seen with no noise and eventually disappeared . At that point i knew it wasnt man made it seemed impossible. I now believe in the impossible. After that ive only told acouple close people but its like they dont really believe me and or they do but dont really care like i do . Maybe its because they never seen what i saw . I care alot about what i seen and want to do something about it but i dont know what i can do . I feel like i didnt see them on purpose its like they chose me . I have a picture i took acouple days ago you guys might want to check out. I showed one person but that person doesnt seem to care that much or think its anything but i know it is for a fact . I took a picture of myself and beside me you can see a weird figure that looks like a invisible alien just half of its face and its eye slanted almost like a ghost and it kinda looks mad but i dont know . I dont know why i feel like ive been chosen or what for but i feel like they have been with me this whole time as crazy as it sounds . Its hard to explain but im a very honest and straight forward person and i know what im talking about.I know the pictures i took mean something i just dont know what . I hope you guys look into this. This is random but if i could choose one job in this world as a dream job it would be in this feild because im fascinated by what ive seen and it never leaves my my head. I would rather show pics directly of my phone so you dont think its been messed with or any of that i have 2 pics 1 good one, the one. Now im going to look threw and see if i missed anything in any other pics .
