{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517550","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/550/mufon-5517550.json","updb_database_id":5517550}
{ck} Saw 3 unknown craft with red lights on end of (wing) on all the time and white lights in between (about 10-12) that glowed randomly but did not emit any beam of light. One descended toward me and I dont remember what happened after that.

I was at work in a parking lot near the Indian River Inlet near Rehoboth Beach, DE. at about 2am. I looked up toward the Inlet and saw three craft, one behind the other, at about 1500 to 2000 feet AGL (Iam a private pilot so I can judge this pretty closely). They were about 1/2 to 1 mile away from me on an East to West flight path. They were absolutely quiet. The red lights on either end of the vehicle stayed on all the time and the white lights blinked in a seemingly random fashion. The white lights did not send out a beam of light, they just lighted up and went off randomly. While I watched I tried to figure out if the lights were on a straight wing or a swept wing or whatever but I could not see any outline of the craft, just the lights. I thought that since they seemed to be on a flight path that would take them almost directly over me that if I waited until they went overhead I might be able to see a shape. I shined my extra strong flashlight at them to see if I could get either a view of the shape or a response from them. 
Suddenly the second craft in the line seemed to wiggle its wings? and then
dropped down below the first craft and came up next to it for a few minutes and then seemed to start to descend directly toward me. I thought "great, If it comes lower and right over me I should be able to get a good look at the shape of it". As it descended toward me I was waiting for it to pass overhead. 
When I told people about this happening I did not even think about the shape of it was. 
It was about six months later when I started to think about the shape and
why I didn't see it go overhead. I slowly realized that the last thing I
remembered was it descending toward me and then I was driving around my patrol area. 
I don't know what happened! Did I get an emergency call and have to leave
before it descended? If so, I have no recollection of getting the call. Did
I just forget about them being there and leave before it descended and/or
passed overhead? I was excited about seeing the shape, and I do not
remember leaving the parking lot.

Have you heard of any craft that looked like this? What do you think may
have happened about why I remember so little of the event after it started
to descend toward me?
