{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467569","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93095","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2677,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/569/mufon-5467569.json","updb_database_id":5467569}
{dr}I saw three types: cigar-shaped, triangle, and boomerang.

1. It was a school night and I was driving home after class. 
2. I noticed lights in the sky that did not resemble the lights of planes.
3. I thought it was a ufo, so much that as I was driving on the freeway, I literally stuck my head out of the window. 
4. I exited the 60 freeway at the first exit past the 605 freeway the first chance I got. I pulled into a gas station and parked. To the west of me was Rose Hills. Over the hilltop, there was a half moon and I saw at least 2 helicopters. As I face south, towards the residential area, I saw four objects moving quietly towards Rose Hills, 2 triangle shaped objects and 2 boomerang objects. The triangle shaped objects had white lights underneath it; the boomerang objects had 3 white lights and 1 yellow light. I heard nothing, except for the noise of cars moving on the freeway. I pulled out my phone to snap a picture but immediately realized it would show nothing. I called my girlfriend to tell her what I was witnessing but she said I was crazy. There was a man sweeping the lot of the gas station but he appeared to not see what I was witnessing. After they moved over Rose Hills, I got back on the freeway and headed east towards home. Whilst driving home, I saw 3 cigar-shaped objects hovering over the 60 freeway. They were evenly spaced. They had 1 white light, 1 red light that looked like a bar, 3 white lights, 1 red light that looked like a bar, and 1 white light. I then saw more lights out of the south headed north. I got off the freeway, went up a hill and say several more of the triangle shaped objects and boomerang shaped objects. 
5. I immediately drove home and jumped on the internet to see if anyone had reported a ufo sighting. After I found nothing, I went your website to report it but decided against it once I saw this form. 
6. The first set of objects proceeded west over Rose Hills, the stationary set remained where they were as I drove home, and the last set of objects proceeded north until I could no longer see them.
