{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-02 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507569","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2649,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/569/mufon-5507569.json","updb_database_id":5507569}
brisght

A bright circular star shape. it ascended into the upper stratosphere until we could no longer see it. This was done in a spiral flight pattern. If asteroid can behave like this please advise me of this. I have seen a small asteroid break up in the atmosphere over Co. Meath just outside Navan. This was nothing like this. I also saw a small dark grey ball shaped ufo ( about 1m in diameter) pass by a train I was taking from Leixlip to Dublin in 2004. I was not the only person who say this. The man who was sitting in front of me also saw it. He began to freak out and tremble and began to question me about it. It changed direction slightly as it progressed from a east to west direction. I had to say it was a weather balloon just to calm him down. This was between Clonsilla and Westmans Town Golf Club. I also had an incident with a saucer shaped ufo in a GAA football pitch beside Leixlip Amenities across the road from Intel. It made low sounding humming noise that sounded like a fridge. It shone a beam light towards the ground for around 30 seconds. I ran as quick as I could towards the Maynooth Road the craft shot over me and headed towards Dublin. I crossed the road and climbed a construction mound (to where a Intel Fab would be constructed a few years later) to get a view of it flight path. I have been at air shows and have seen super sonic jet fighters such as F4 Phantoms Saab Drakens and F2 Tornados perform super sonic Flight. I have experienced the sound and in the case of the Draken the actaul vibration of air from high speed flight. when this craft shot off there was no noise. Nothing, not a thing. I was told by friends that people reported this to a late night radio chat show on 98fm. I was alone with the saucer UFO. Sorry for such a long report but I have held this in for so long. To talk about such things in public is seen as worse than having a drug addiction. I often wonder about the lad sitting on the train in front of me. Was he freaking out about the UFO or the ridicule he would face if he admitted of seeing such a thing.
