{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-31 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466569","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/569/mufon-5466569.json","updb_database_id":5466569}
{cak} A flat, Nonreflective, dull-black, 2-dimensional circle

1Black Hole1 UFO
Tuesday, 31 July, 2018

I saw something on Tuesday, July 31, 2018 @ 7:30 that was so strange I have no idea what it was. And I have been following UFOs avidly since 1958. Over the years I have seen UFOs a scant few times, each experience different. I am an experienced observer and follower.

I took several photos and several videos of this 1object1 or 1 phenomenon.1

I was sitting in my backyard about 7:30 AM and noticed a very tiny, dull-black, perfectly round, flat 1Thing1 in the sky overhead. (I prefer to call it a Thing than an object.) There were many, low cumulus clouds moving by quickly. As a cloud approached, it looked like it was going to eventually obscure this Thing1but never did. The Thing always remained 1superimposed1 on the sky, and thus on the cloud too. I watched this many times. It always look like a cloud was going to 1win,1 even though I had figured out it never would. 

The Thing appeared to be not 1in1 the sky, but 1on1 the sky. I am a sophisticated observer. By process of elimination, I knew that it was not some 1floater1 in my eye. It was not a bug. It was nothing physical. Also, it did not look like a UFO. It looked like a stationary, flat-black, 2-Dimensional dot.

After about 15 minutes I saw what looked like a quick lightning-like discharge, similar to corona around the sun. 1Backlighting.1 But only around the edges of the Thing. No detail was ever rendered on its face.

A little later I saw what looked like a straight laser beam. Relative to the size of the Thing, this straight-line, lightning-quick beam was about 15-20 times the length of the diameter of the Thing. It appeared in full, out of nowhere. It looked totally unnatural, like a cheap computer graphic.

I was startled and excited to see it. Suddenly this was a very important Thing!

That1s when I started to take photos and videos.

The Thing is so tiny that I am unable to examine it closely on my iPhone. I am new to Florida here and don1t yet have a computer.

For documentation purposes I kept taking pictures and videos. I think I did capture a flash in at least one of the videos.

I observed this Thing for a good hour. I would walk away and come back and it would still be there in the same spot.

But at some point it turned out not to be stationary. It started moving, for just a few seconds, and then it would still return to that same spot on the sky.

1 Sometimes it 1danced1 a little bit.

1 Sometimes it 1danced1 a lot, in a crazy and highly animated way, erratically, like a tiny bug that looks like it1s going crazy.

1 Sometimes1astonishingly1it darted about in straight lines (I estimate 50 to 150 times its diameter), suddenly and frequently changing directions, without straying too far from its initial position. (Nothing in nature moves like this. I1ve never seen anything like it.)

1 Amazingly, it always returned to its called original position1 where I first observed it. (I can1t understand why. Why is the original position 1home base1?)

After a while I had to get on with my day. When I came back hours later, it was gone.

I call this Thing1informally and unscientifically1 1black hole1 UFO. I know it isn1t a black hole though. A more precise definition would be that it looked not like a UFO as much as it did a transcendental visual. It seemed to be 1on1 space rather than 1in the sky1 or in our dimension. The electrical type of activity made it look like it was either deliberately, or by its nature, discharging1 as if it were actually 1doing something.1

It was so small and appeared so 1far away1 but I perceived what appeared to be faint, diffuse rings around it , the way the moon sometimes is surrounded by ethereal rings under rare circumstances.

It was just a dull, black, round Thing all the time that I observed it. It wasn1t shiny, it was flat black and totally lacking in detail. It always remained round. Like the Thing itself, even the flashes and the beams looked 1artificial1 and 1out of this world11albeit very convincing, looking either as if there were an intelligence behind what was happening or else happening via the intrinsic physics of the Thing itself, the way certain astronomical objects (quasars, pulsars, black holes, e.g.) have a theoretical kind of intrinsic 1behavior.1

I say 1Thing,1 but I don1t mean nuts and bolts and I don1t mean an 1object1 per se. Not material. More of a phenomenon. I do not believe an extreme close-up will yield any detail. I1m at a loss of words to aptly describe it, even though I1m a writer by profession, and not withstanding my profound knowledge of UFOs and my lifelong passion for UFOlogy and Astronomy.

I also had a psychological feeling, while I was looking at the Thing: that the Thing was looking at me looking at it. This is the only irrational statement I will make in this report, in case it means anything to anybody. That1s why I call it a 1feeling.1 It felt like a 1benign standoff.1 I attach no self-importance to this feeling. I in no way seek or need any kind of self-grandeur. My parents always told us kids not to show off, and I have eschewed publicity and the limelight all my life. But I did have the feeling that there was a 1personal1 component to this observation that I cannot understand or even invent in fantasy. I1m just honestly reporting as best I can.

I also report that I think, but cannot at all be certain, I saw a second Thing in another part of the sky. As part of my methodical investigation, I searched the sky elsewhere, and believe I did see briefly another perfectly round object. That may have lasted for only a few seconds, so for all intents and purposes, I will say maybe I did and maybe I didn1t see a second Thing.

I have the distinct impression that whatever I saw, it was superimposed over our reality. I don1t think it was physical in any sense of the word. I think it floated surrealistically 1over1 our reality. Superimposed, but not 1floating.1 For example, a projection can be superimposed, but it does not float. (Let me add that I am not suggesting this Thing was a projection. I am clueless.)

I also felt, besides surmising mentally that it was 1not of this world,1 that indeed I was convinced it was not of this world. That is to say: I experienced this Thing rationally and using all of my powers of objective, unbiased, scientific, empirical observation + plus feeling it through intuition and emotion if that is possible + plus just regurgitating to myself what comes to mind before 1I1 can form an opinion based on personal history or preconception.

I saw something very strange and I don1t know what it is. I felt peaceful. It didn1t disturb me. It had a reassuring effect on me. I am clueless as to what it was. I can1t say it was 1spiritual1 and don1t even allude to it, but my gut tells me it wasn1t 1material1 1 and I think we live in a world where if something is not material, then by default we assume it can only be 1spiritual.1 

Maybe I can conclude that I don1t think it was material and its essence is beyond my comprehension. I can1t touch it with my finger or get close to it physically in space. It was just 1there,1 except there is no 1there,1 given whatever cognitive understanding I have of this phenomenon.

By the way, the Thing was in the NNE (North Northeast) sky.

I hope I haven1t confused anybody. I hope I1m not the only person who has ever had this kind of an experience. I hope MUFON can tell me something about it more than what I1ve figured it to be.

Like a real black hole, this Thing to me was not black in 1color1 to me, it was black because nothing could reflect off of it. But unlike black holes, it danced, it darted to and fro, it shot about in straight lines, it emitted flashes of light, it emitted laser-like beams, and no matter what 1show1 it put on, it always reverted to the same position in the sky.

Importantly, everything about it looked like computer graphics more than reality. The 1laser beam1 was like nothing I1ve seen before in that it did not continue on to some infinity point either narrowing or broadening in the process. It just shot out a certain distance and ended. It shot out as a long line and suddenly stopped, even though still illuminated. It didn1t 1grow to full length.1 and within a couple of seconds or longer it just disappeared, without 1retracting.1 This is my memory of the experience.
