{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-13 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468569","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/569/mufon-5468569.json","updb_database_id":5468569}
{cak} Two round white objects seen while sitting in my backyard. They were traveling at an amazing high rate of speed and changed directions.

I was sitting in my backyard relaxing when a moving, round, white object caught my eye while I was looking at the sky. It did not look anything like a plane. This object appeared to be circular and was omitting a solid white light. This object appeared in the night sky from the south east and was moving at a very high rate of speed. After a few seconds of watching I called on my teenage son to hurry and come out and look at it because it looked nothing like a plane or star. After about a minute the object then turned and started heading in a north direction. A few seconds after this object started heading north then another object that looked exactly like this one appeared and did the exact same thing as the first object and appeared to be following the first object. It appeared that there were only two of these flying objects. They looked perfectly round in shape, like two circles of white light and the second object looked like it was following the first object. It was abnormal how these two objects changed directions. I was amazed at what I saw. I enjoy looking at the stars at night and watch aircraft frequently fly near our home, but I have never seen anything like this before. Several years ago we had an event that occurred near my home at night with an object that came down from the sky and hovered near our neighborhood that sparkled like a star. Every since that event we now watch the sky more often. Tonight was interesting being that we have never seen anything like this before and felt that it should be reported.

 After about 5 minutes of seeing these two objects, I then saw about three different aircraft flying in other directions in the sky.
