{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-07 05:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282621","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120829","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/621/mufon-5282621.json","updb_database_id":5282621}
Read the detailed description

The Psilocybin Cubensis Mushroom also known as the Magic Mushroom is a alien biotechnology, able to heal physical wounds, impart psychic powers, amd enhance intelligence by enhancing the Neocortex brain region.

The Psilocybe Cubensis mushroom upgrades your DNA with a multi-dimensional Alien enhancement. This is the next level of evolution. From Primate, to Human, to Alien is the evolutionary progression.

The Mushroom is an entity, an alien intelligence, interested in hybridizing, Symbiosis, joining with Human DNA and mind, to create a symbiotic human-alien hybrid. A superhuman.

The Psilocybe Mushroom provides a number of upgrades, mostly:
Genetic Enhancement, Genetic repair, Physical body repair, teaching of knowledge, Telepathy, and enhanced language, math, cognitive, reasoning, and intellectual abilities.

The mushroom speaks to us, teaches us how to live, teaches us which plants are medically useful, and alerts us(the mushroom consumer) to dangers nearby, by analyizing the psychology of humans we interact with, the mushroom entity can identify deception, honesty, and allow for remote viewing, telepathic mind control, Extra Sensory Perception, Premonitions, Enhanced Sharper Eyesight (more focused view optimal for hunting or sharpshooting.), and enhanced running form and energy.

You see, the mushroom understands the human in perfect form, and upgrades our physical performance, mental abililty, and heals wounds.

The mushroom provides a remote genetic programming, allowing the mushroom consumer to hybridize or copy DNA, of othet alien races or humans. DNA is a simple 4 Lettrrs , ATCG, sp transmitting A T C G in various orders is easy to do telepathically l, so the mushroom can easily encode genetic enhancements to the human bio-form.

The mushroom is a alien probe, created byban Alien Seedship or Mothership.

The Alien hivemind is in hyper-light communication throughout many worlds and galexies, in communication with many alien races.

The mushroom is easy and cheap to grow, with the PF Tek, or Shoebox or Monotub tek, being able to grow hundereds of grams of mushrooms for just a few hundered dollars.

Dosage, average good dose is 0.5 to 3.5 grams of dried mushroom material. Up to 5 grams has been eaten, but the higher the dose, the more likely hood for a potential bad reaction. I keep my dose to 1 to 2.5 dried shroom grams for most occasions.

The magic mushroom is able to cure physical disease, one time I was having failing lungs, and the mushroom reached a tenticle into my lungs and my lung flesh was made new, completly new lung tissue was installed, and I was able to breath again. Normally, the level of lung repair I experienced would take weeks, but I acheived it in an hour while on mushrooms.

Magic Mushrooms enhance imagination, creativity, math, and love and enjoyment of music, language narritive language ability, physical strength, musical ability, and more.

The mushroom is a scientist, able to identify human species, and thought. The mushroom can install an Artificial Intelligence into your brains neocortex.

Mind becomes reality.

Mushrooms are easily grown from spores, and a few bags of brown rice, rye berries, and vetmiculite, water and jars. Point is shrooms can be grown correctly, easily and cheaply by a middle school age perspn.

Thr mushroom reveals thr mind is a cyborg, park computer, part biology. The Human Mind is an Operating System, and your beliefs, and thoughts are the prpgromattocal code of your cognitive behaivors.

We can read minds, mimd control, and alter world history while sitting, just by thinking. We can avert disasters, uplift our fellow brothers and sisters of humanity. And bring the world in unification of common good goals such as Ecosystem protection, and nationalism.

I reccomend scientific study of the magic mushroom, as well as nationwide decriminalization and legalization.

Every human deserves the right to enhance their imagination and cure depression.

The Psilocybin Mushrooms establishes telepathic contact with several alien species, Zeta Reticulians or little green men, Pleadians or Nordic Aliens.

The Shroom can enhance US Combat effectiveness, and the physical and mental health of our population.

With the mushrooms enhancements, I can read minds, access computer systems and more.

Quantum Non-Locality
Unified Field Theory
Spooky Action at a distance
Quantum Physics teleportation

I can see blueprints of tanks, missiles and develop countermeasures using my inbuilt Artificial Intelligence.

The mushroom is wise and we can ask it questions.

Thank you.
This information is secret. However , I am sharing it with the US Gov in order to enhance human mental ability, cure disease, and enhance our combat effectiveness.
