{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504621","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/621/mufon-5504621.json","updb_database_id":5504621}
{kt}4 out of 15 swirling fire balls decend and hover above houses , an orb comes from middle ufo and splits the distance of the observer and ufo ,s ,classical music appears on audio then orb exits very quick to the right of screen

I am not the actual observer to report this. The observer that filmed the ufo,s and shot many photos is in fear to release the report or documentation that it will effect his family and profession. I've taken the info shared with me from the observer upon myself to share with the world to broaden consciousness on this ongoing phenomenon .
On New Year's Eve 2013(12/31/2013) numerous lights(15+) were observed in the night sky(8:30-9:00pm)pst. Miles up the lights made distinct movements and formations that eventually moved closer to the observer. 4 of those ufos descended to about 200 ft to the top of the neighbors house located on a nearby ridge,and approximately 1000ft from the observer.the size of the ufos are similar to the house size in the photos and video. the ufos continued these vertical formation for 10 min. Then begun shifting side to side then forming a horizontal pattern now even closer to the ridge line homes. The observer had been shooting multiple pictures during the decent. Now filming video as well you here his voice tremble with fear ,yelling for his friends and family( neighbors )to get out side and see this.then from one of the ufo s comes a white orb small in size that comes in a half circle path that splits the distance of the observer and the ufo s ,then an audio is picked up faintly on the video of classical type music ,the orb moves a little and then abruptly exits the screen very fast .then the observer stops video and feels as if he is walking on air 3 ft above the ground and sees what appeared to be some kind of " matrix " below him holding him up. 
After zooming in the pictures ,the photos reveal not swirling fireballs as seen with the naked eye but a robotic man with energy sources located at his chest and knees, another revealed three bodies holding hands .also after for investigation on the photos we found what appears to be a hologram of a portal to another dimension , with some disturbing figures in it , a crucifix with a pigs head on top and another of a robotic figure exiting through the light. 
I will try to get the photos and video from the observer to post.
