{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-04-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498621","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/621/mufon-5498621.json","updb_database_id":5498621}
{dr}Abduction

On his deathbed, J, employee of Raython, an electronic engineer, decided to reveal secret material he had read from a computer he was working on at Carswell AFB Fort Worth Texas in the 1960s. The subject of Roswell New Mexico had been discussed many times 1 I, stating that the facts strongly imply the Government/Military are flat out not disclosing the truth of the event. J, would smile and say it was a possibility. On his deathbed, J brought up the subject and said he accidentally came across computer files on the subject during his job at Fort Worth. He claimed that there was a crash of a flying disk of unknown origin, there were bodies of an unknown humanoid creature, that there were other crashes including one in 1963 in which a craft was recovered. He wanted us to know 1 he would be violating the secrets act or whatever top secret status he held by revealing this information but it did not matter now that he would be dead in a day or two. 

	My wife C told stories of the small people who came to 1play1 with her at the swing and slide in her back yard. This was in Fort Worth Texas 1 the same time J, her father, was at the airbase 1 the same time some of the craft were, according to the computer file J read, at the Fort Worth base. C use to readily talk about these strange small people who, by her description, match those of Grey Aliens, reported by abductees. This all changed one night I shall never forget. After that night, C never acknowledged saying any such story 1 claimed UFO and alien contact is bunk, will not examine any evidence and gets emotionally hostile if the subject is brought up. She is derisive of others holding such beliefs and gets angry 1 Her personality underwent a dramatic change, which she denies as well, but from that day forward, she was no longer the woman I married 1 something in her was fundamentally altered.

	The event took place in the mid 1980s, but I have no exact date 1 I was frightened beyond words and felt no one would believe me 1 might even lock me up as insane, so I kept it to myself. As I have read other accounts, I now think I can give a testimony.

	Before I write the account of that night, I wish to state that I can remember two other times I have had potential abduction events 1 both before I was married about age 18 1 both in the same year. The first was at night listening to a real to real tape with headphones in my bedroom 1 the tape was three hours long and I had just started it.  I blinked and the tape was finished and the reel was going around 1 so three or more hours had passed in that blink.
	The other time I woke and creatures were pulling by out of my body and through my bedroom wall 1 this was 1968 and I had never heard of any alien descriptions but the things pulling me through the wall match the alien grey description to a perfect match.

	One other significant piece of information is the continual attempts C and I had to have children, with miscarriage after miscarriage 1 seven in all.

	We went to bed and fell asleep 1 I awoke to my cat growling. The cat was on the bed next to my armpit and she was hunched down, ears back and growling in threat or fear. Her gaze was fixed on the open doorway to our bedroom and as I became instantly alert I glanced at the time 1 one o1clock in the morning. Ruth, the cat, continued to fix her gaze on something I could not see, yet it was light enough in the room to see into the hall and all around the bedroom 1 I saw nothing. Ruth continued to growl and back into my armpit hissing, head lowered, ears back 1 she watched something 1 her head and gaze followed as if something entered the room, moved toward the end of the bed and around it toward my wife's side.  

	When the cats gaze rested on the area next to my wife, about where her head and shoulders are, suddenly, without warning, C sat bolt upright and started screaming at the to of her lungs such as I have never heard her before.  Such terror and such screaming went on and on 1 I was frozen with fear. I don't know if I could not move because I was so scared or if I was paralyzed by something 1 the fact is, I did not move and I was experiencing such fear as I cannot ever remember.

	I do not know how long this went on 1 all I can remember I have now written 1 the next thing I can remember is being awake and looking at the clock 1 I did not fall asleep, it was like blinking my eyes and the time was gone 1 it was suddenly after three. The time loss was the same as the event with the tape recorder 1 blink and hours are gone 1 same position in the room and all but I blink and time is gone.

	My wife changed that night. She will not talk about aliens, abductions, UFOs, and is not open to the possibility of their existence 1 even though she was and had see UFOs and aliens before that night according to her own accounts which she now has no memory of and denies and such things or ever telling such stories. Her basic personality changed that night 1 many things 1 how she thinks of me, how she relates to me, how she is as a person 1 all different. I do not know what happened 1 the event fits certain other peoples experiences who are saying alien abduction but I saw nothing other than what I have related.

I am certain that these are NOT the only times we have been taken, if that is what is happening. I do not feel safe.

What happened to us?
