{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-21 03:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451621","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110024","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/621/mufon-5451621.json","updb_database_id":5451621}
Multiple objects close together in a straight line, lit and unlit by sunlight from horizon

While on an early morning walk, I noticed what I thought was the ISS at first, which I view regularly. The night sky here in Minnesota is absolutely clear. The initial object had the same characteristics of the ISS, moving at a high rate of speed high up in the atmosphere, becoming lit for a short period of time before fading away. Almost immediately after seeing this object, I noticed subsequent objects with the exact same characteristics, following directly in line behind the first object. 

At this time, I assumed that this might be a military plane convoy. As I watched further, I noticed that the objects would be way too high in the atmosphere for normal military planes (such as a C-130), but then I also concluded that, given the aspects of the ISS, it would still be much too high for even most state-of-the-art aircraft, and that should it even be one of these aircraft, it was many aircraft all within one area.

There was no sound at all. Observation was done in a quiet area of the suburbs, from a dark street, with no traffic (air or land) going on whatsoever at this early time. 

I also thought that it could have been an object breaking up in the atmosphere, but none of the objects trailed off in various angles, as they did during the Columbia disaster. The objects were in an absolute straight line, right behind each other, and all moving at the exact same speed, but spaced apart randomly.

The objects came into view as the sun (still descended in the east) lit them, and then faded away as they moved out of range. Again, these objects held the EXACT same characteristics as the ISS (speed, light, movement), but I saw two different viewings of them, counting over 20 in total.

The time between the first sighting and the second one was exactly 20 minutes apart: 3:30am and 3:50am. At both times, all viewing conditions were the same. The first video I took is 34 seconds in length. The second is 1 minute and 26 seconds in length.

For investigative purposes, the video was filmed on an LG K30, which has a 13mp camera.
