{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5476757.json","updb_database_id":5476757}
While on the flt line saw a bright light coming at me from over the horizon and stopped overhead went right and back from where it came from too fast for an air plane

I was on flt. line at Incirlik air base Turkey servicing aircraft with liquid OX in 1963. An AP was on guard at entrance to the flt. line.
 I was looking at the sky thinking of home and in 90 or less days I would be home and out of the AF. I was staring up the run way and it looked like a bright star was getting bigger. Then I noticed it seemed moving strait at me. I called to the AP and asked him if he saw it, he wondered what it was. At first I thought it might be an F100 then realized WAY too FAST. It took about 3 to 5 seconds to get over head, then stopped for about a second it then went right for not even a second and stopped again, it then returned the way it came over the horizon in just a few seconds. 
  The AP and I talked about reporting it. 
I told him I was short (less than 90 days left) so I wouldn't be talking to anyone. I thought they may want to extend me for a longer time to discharge. I don't know if he reported it or not. One of the tower people I new was on duty that night and we spoke about this and the tower had some tape or record but I never saw or herd anything on base about it.
 At first I thought it might be a missile from Russia but it was so fast and could stop instantly and start again in a different direction, we had nothing here that could do that. We had super sonic aircraft here and they would be a snail in comparison to this. I got out of the AF in about 86 days and didn't talk about it, I figured people would think that I was off my rocker.
