{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-05-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5522757.json","updb_database_id":5522757}
Mid morning, went to mates house next door and heard this noise, looked up and something caught my eye, ran around to front of house to see this triangler shapped craft fly low over his house and in the direction of Liverpool airport

Im sorry but this was many years ago and i didn't report it as in my heart of hearts i feel it to be a man made vehicle - the reason? it appeared underside to be made of matt black panels, bolts were clearly visible and the craft made a fairly noticeable rumbling noise as it went overhead - in my mind, if the craft was extraterrestrial, then i highly doubt it would be made of nuts and bolts and i assume alien tech would of done away with such a crude sounding propulsion system.

Anyway i will explain the sequence of events the best i remember.

It was roughly mid morning very good visibility, my mate lived next door bar one house away from mine and i was popping around to his to see what he was up to for the day - he lived with his parents and had his own room downstairs on the side of the house. I went round the side and knocked on his door, a moment passed and he answered, as im talking to him i hear this odd noise - a sort of low pitched rumble - i look up and something black and fairly large flew over - i didn't see the whole object then, but my heart was pounding - i said to my mate, come quick! there1s a f*cking ship flying over your house (sorry for language) , he said wait while i put my boots on...lol i thought, i don't think its going to wait for you to put your boots on... i ran back around to the front of his house to see this fairly large craft appear from the front of his house - i was stunned, i remember it flew very very low indeed - i also remember thinking to myself - try to take in as much detail about the crafts structure as i could, this is why i remember the bolts, the matt black colour of the underside and the lights - there were three circular white/yellow lights - one in each corner of the craft and two small red lights in the middle. There were no markings at all, no numbers, symbols etc - just plain matt black - i also remember thinking that it was a perfect triangle - no cut away at the rear - just as if you had drawn a triangle as is - no flaps, no vents - nothing - as the craft flew away from me (must of been travelling around 20-30mph) i remembered looking at the back trying to identify some sort of engine, but there was nothing visible except a black space - no exhaust was visible either or trail. 

The craft continued to head in the direction i had first seen it and looked like it was heading in the direction of Liverpool airport. 

I also remember that at the time of the event - im not sure if it was after or before, but there had been a flurry of sightings of a similar (if not the same) craft all over Merseyside - in fact there were pictures in the local paper (Southport Visitor) of the ship being sited over Meols Cop School playing field very similar to what i had seen. I will say this, in all my research on this, i cant say ive actually seen anyone see this craft as close as i did 1 the images in the media usually show the craft very high up at night 1 this was very low and in broad daylight.

I don't know what help any of this will be - if any at all, but at least ive told someone.

I suspect this to be some sort of terestial craft.

I can provide a drawing but other than a triangle with lights in each corner and two small red lights in the middle - there's not much to gain.

Let me know if you require it.

Please also note that the date of the event is a total stab in the dark - i cant really remember what month / year it was specifically (i know thats not much help - sorry) all i can say is it was at least spring - maybe summer as it was a clear warm sunny morning.
