{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-11 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90756","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5469757.json","updb_database_id":5469757}
{cak} Wheel-type UFO with pulsating/morphing glowing center in Hayward, Ca.

I was sitting outside an abandoned building on Mission St. near the corner of Industrial Pkwy in Hayward, just chilling with a beer. I was looking down the Parkway towards the west when something caught my eye. It appeared to be at about treetop level, hovering toward Mission St. (eastbound) running parallel to the Parkway. What caught my eye was the unearthly glow of the thing and its straight and even path. I almost dismissed it off as a lost silver balloon until I kept staring at it and realized it wasn't anything man-made. I even shouted to the houses near-by "Hey guys! We've got a UFO here!!!" hoping someone would film this. I even stopped somebody on the sidewalk and asked "What do you think that is?" (witness 2). The UFO was about a football field away or less, about the size of a compact car or slightly bigger. The object appeared to have two distinct features, one is a dull black/green rotating wheel with a broken triangle or arrow pattern tread design that was rotating in the direction of travel and at the same speed. It must have been going around 10-15 MPH up Industrial. The second and more vivid part was the center axis of the wheel which consisted of a glowing morphing mass of supernatural light or energy. As it was moving, the glowing mass would flash pink, silver-white, go dim or disappear and repeat but it was really weird to watch. It seemed to be in a distinct sequence. The glowing mass would also appear to elongate diagonally in a semi-diamond pattern and go back to a morphing mass. I was in total awe, witness 2 didn't seem to be really interested, but admitted it looked very strange after watching for around 30 seconds and left towards the shopping center on the corner of Industrial & Mission where this thing was floating over. It changed course when it got to Mission St. and started to run parallel to it and increased its speed some. 

 I followed it down the sidewalk, it started to ascend and move further away. It kept increasing its distance towards the NW to well over .5 mile. This whole time, it kept changing color sequence until it appeared as a silver star in sky. It ascended and hovered at one point, floated some more and came straight down and followed a path, at well over 2 miles away or greater. It finally took off toward the NW, appearing as a bright star. While it was leaving, I noticed a dim dot (part of it?) glow red and go after it at one point. It finally faded out. Wildest thing I've ever witnessed. As it was leaving, there was a Cessna in the area going to the east and must have seen it (potential witness 3). Also, there was a high-flying "contrail" plane going towards the west who couldn't have missed that bright star outside his window to the north (potential witness 4).
