{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-21 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3837,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5283757.json","updb_database_id":5283757}
Shape changing object sighted, with good visual clarity

About 4pm sept 21, 2020 I was driving east on highway 12 approaching I-5 and saw two indistinct horizontal objects just above treetop level and about 2 to 2 1/2 miles to the east. They appeared to merge and then wings slowly grew out of it and I realized it was a banking floatplane, the merging objects being the float below, and fuselage above appearing to merge as the aircraft banked. It then began to have a very strange shimmering, strobe-like optical quality obscuring it, lost all definition of a floatplane and I realized the shimmering was from looking through the main rotor disc of a helicopter, and it very clearly was a CH47 Chinook. I was driving this whole time and was now about 1 1/2 miles from the object. The shimmering repeated, then I realized it was a not a Chinook, but a Blackhawk helicopter. Very strange, I’d never so badly mis-identified an aircraft, and type, (Fixed wing or helicopter), but as it was still some distance away, not yet too alarming. It flew slowly around almost hovering when I arrived at the red traffic light at the I-5 intersection, with the object now being about a half mile distant, low and still in my line of sight through the windshield. It shimmered again and was now indistinct. A stopped vehicle to my right was rear ended by a pickup and I guessed the truck driver must have seen it too. (It would be interesting to see the accident report on that). As I drove down the road I saw it slowly become a bunch of large (about six to ten foot diameter) balloons, with a rope that slowly lowered from it about 75 feet, then slowly retracted. At this point I was almost abreast of it and less than 1/4 mile away, and could only lean over to the passenger side and glance up at it while driving. Maybe that’s all it wast this whole time after all, I thought, just a bunch of escaped advertising balloons for some local business. There wasn’t any good place to pull over and there was other traffic so I crept driving. My last glance at it was fairly close, but it was no longer a bunch of balloons with a rope under them, but now clearly appeared to be an uneven stack of several approximately six foot slowly hovering boxes.

The whole time all these mis-identified objects appeared to be either black or silhouetted against the overcast sky, with little surface detail.

At the time of this sighting, I was not fatigued or sleepy. I do not drink or do drugs, and have no history of hallucinating. My corrected vision is excellent. I have a background in aviation and usually have no difficulty with accurately identifying several aircraft. This sighting was just over a year ago and I’ve seen nothing so strange since.

I suppose what I saw was technically a ufo, since ultimately I couldn’t identify it. Though it was not what I would have expected one to look like. (I would have expected a flying saucer, if anything). 

While I may have witnessed some kind of US military hardware with malfunctioning active camouflage, it was definitely strange, and very unsettling.

I’m very curious if there have ever been any other reports of this type, of a shape changing ufo. A Google search was mostly unproductive.
