{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5290757.json","updb_database_id":5290757}
Reminded me of the

I was riding in the backseat of my buddy's car and we were headed to Treasure Island Casino just north of Red Wing, MN. We were on Country Road 6 about one mile north of the County Road 6 and County Road 1 intersection. The road kind of winds its way up a hill and back down through a valley, so it is difficult to maintain sight of these objects without stopping. I wish we would have stopped because it was unlike anything I've ever seen in the sky. I have in the past witnessed strange lights in the sky in and around this general area. I go to the casino often, sometimes every night, and these lights are not there all the time. This night was unique because I wasn't driving, I was with two other people and there was approximately 10 lights, as opposed to only one or two.

The lights were slowly moving east, northeasterly and reminded of the "Phoenix Lights" event from the 90's. New lights would suddenly pop into existence in between two of the already visible lights, while others would suddenly disappear. I was lucky enough to see an airplane flying at the same time in the same part of the sky. I know it was an airplane because of the flashing lights that every commercial airplane has on it. The airplane was moving much much faster than these lights and was also much dimmer in comparison to these lights.

I wish I had been driving because I would stopped and observed the lights for as long as they stayed in the sky. The only thing that I can think of that it could have been is a long line of airplanes lined up and ready to land at the Minneapolis airport. However, the lights were not flashing, like all other aircraft that I have seen. Also, how were they popping in and out of existence?

I hope the above paints a picture of what i experienced.
