{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-12-28 19:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5547757.json","updb_database_id":5547757}
Observed incredibly bright object in N.West sky for about one hour. It dimmed and changed color and dropped untill it was out of my sight.

At 7:04pm on 12/28/08 I walked outside w/ my infant child and his mother to go to her car. I noticed an incredibally bright white object in the north west sky at approximately 40 degrees above the horizon. I pointed this out to her, and I said what is that.I commented to her that I knew that a few weeks back three planets were alligned w/ the moon, but I thought that was in the eastern sky. She left and I contnued to watch the object untill 7:15, when I called a friend to see if he could see it. He could not get outside. I went inside, called 411 and called Vandenburg AFB. They had no info. I called Edwards AFB but was unable to reach anyone. I called 411 again and called KABC channel 7 news. They said they had no info. I returned outside, approximately 7:30 and the object was in the same place and was still the same level of intense brightness. At this point I remembered that I had some binoculars in my vehicle, and thinking that they would help, I retrieved them. I remember thinking this whole time that there must be some rational easy explanation for this thing I was seeing in the sky. A helicopter, or blimp, or planet. At this point,7:40, I was talking to a friend in New Mexico on the cell phone, and he's telling me it's a weather ballon reflecting the sun.When I looked thru the binoculars I knew 2 things. It wasn't a planet, it was too close, and I could not identify what it was. It was still stationary, realative to the power lines across the street. It was so bright that it appeared to light up the sky underneath it. It was hard to discern it's actual shape. It was oval to the naked eye, but thru the binoculars it appeared to be tear dropped shape and oval, and bullet shaped. I think this was because it was so bright, I could not really see the object that was producing the light. At this point I thought it hasn't moved for 45 minutes, it's not going anywhere. I went inside to use the restroom and returned about 4 minutes later. I was shocked when it was not there. I walked west toward the street and saw that it had dropped untill it was about 30 degrees above the hozizon. I could not believe that I had missed its movement. At this point, to the naked eye the object was less bright and slighty orangeish, but still the brightest thing in the sky. Thru the binoculars it was still to bright to clearly make out what it was. Although I could not notice it's movement, probably because I was watching mostly thru the binoculars, the object continued it's descent. Briefly I climed atop a retaining wall in the alley, to give me more height but at 8:11 pm I could no longer see it because it had descended too low. At this point it still looked white thru the binoculars, but it appeared more orangeish to the naked eye.
