{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5499757.json","updb_database_id":5499757}
{jd} Sonic boom shook house followed by glowing lights rising above treeline

There was a large boom that shook the whole house. When we went out to see what it was we observed a very large object that was pulsing multiple colors of light. It seemed to climb then descend very rapidly as well as moving back and forth in quick bursts. After each series of movements it seemed to hold its position in the sky. After about 15 minutes we noticed a shooting star streak across the sky. Less than 30 seconds afterwords another smaller object started to rise above the treeline pulsating different colors just like the first. It was much smaller but made the same type of movements as the first. The large object started to climb and remained in a fixed position as we noticed more shooting stars and objects begin to appear about 15-20 minutes apart. The other objects were spread from NE across the east to the southern sky. They seemed to reach certain positions in the sky and stay there. After a while the colored lights seemed to stop and became like stars in the sky the largest object was the first to do this and the others followed suit in the next hour. The positions that they seemingly disappeared at were in line with stars in the sky. The last object stopped changing colors and disappeared around 4 am. The strangest part of the sighting was the lack of planes in the sky. Only one plane crossed about halfway through the event. It seemed to change course when it got closer to the objects and move away from them. The area we live in usually has a large amount of commercial air traffic and there are usually 3-4 planes in the sky at any given time. This sighting was the longest I have ever witnessed and by far the strangest sending chills down my spine.
