{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5491757.json","updb_database_id":5491757}
{dr}Alone with my pellet gun walking south in woooded area, saw football sized and shapped object, shot it and it immediately went 45 degree angel up and to the left.

MUFON Report: Football sized and shaped UFO

When: October 1968, daytime (This is the best guess based on when I remember telling a certain individual about it. This could have happened one month later or even one year before.)

Where: Farmers Branch, Texas (suburb of Dallas) in a wooded area near a creek located at approximately 4/10 of a mile west and approximately 2/10 of a mile north of the intersection of Marsh Lane and Valley View Lane. Zip: 75234. This area was an abandoned private property estate and is now a developed neighborhood.

Description of the event: I was walking in a southerly direction in a semi-wooded area with my pellet gun with the intent to plink things or shoot birds when I suddenly noticed a reflective silvery metallic football sized and shaped object about 100 feet directly ahead resting on the ground. I was alone. My first impression was that this was an unusual object and I had no idea what it was. I wasn't even thinking that this could be a UFO. I really didn't know what to think but for some reason, my first instinct was to shoot at it. I heard the pellet strike the object, then in an instant this object very rapidly sped away from the ground at about an up 451 angle and to the left. Assuming I was looking at this object due south from my location, it headed off in a north easterly direction. This small craft just instantly vanished at what seemed to be light speed.

It was only after that happened that I began to think about the possibility that this thing may have been some sort of UFO. I was a senior in high school at the time this happened. This impacted me very much as I was into science fiction and a big follower of the Star Trek original TV series so I very much understood the possibility that what I saw was likely a UFO and may have been extraterrestrial. I was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time and never had engaged in these activities. I was also not prone to hallucinating.

Although I wanted to tell the whole world about this, I ended up telling this to very few people. Most thought that I was probably hallucinating, which made me think that perhaps what I had witnessed was not real, so I decided to keep quiet about it until now.

This is not the only UFO experience that I've had. In December of 2010, at night, on the parking lot of a Church in Garland, Texas, after a Bible study, I witnessed a UFO event of the first kind. The UFO event I first experienced in the 60s, I believe, would be known as an encounter of the second kind. A friend was aiming his infrared video camera up into the night sky and saw something that he wanted me to also witness. What I saw through the viewfinder was a small dot of whitish light moving very rapidly then suddenly, without slowing down; it made a right angle turn and kept going. Others in the group also witness this. Upon telling someone in the group about my 60s experience and also mentioning to her that it may have been a hallucination, she replied that my experience was most likely real. This was the start of me believing that my 60s encounter was a legitimate one.

Last year, I watched season one of "Hangar 1: The UFO Files" on the History Channel. Although I did not see any similar stories to my 60s UFO encounter, this series did help reinforce my belief that what I had witnessed was probably real.

This year, in season two, I did see three different episodes, which aired on May 8, May 22 and June 26, in which each one contained elements of my experience. From "Star People" MUFON case file # 23660, Navajo Reservation, Arizona, June 2010, a big UFO in the sky was shot with a high powered rifle and the craft immediately sped to the left just like my encounter. In "UFOs over Texas" MUFON case file: The Levelland Landings, Levelland, Texas -- November, 1957, and egg shaped UFO was spotted by several people and was reported to be as wide as a highway. This was the first time I've seen an episode in which the UFO was a similar shape to a football, but I had yet to see an episode dealing with a small sized UFO like the one I saw.

Most recently in "UFO Superpowers" MUFON case file number 40667, UFO Home Invasion, Miami, Florida, March 31, 2012, a small UFO was reported and described to be about the size of a basketball and was inside someone's house. It is interesting how this episode made use of a sports type ball to describe the size of it.

The above three cases having similarities to my 60s UFO experience is what has finally prompted me to give this report. Seeing those episodes, I believe, was a sign for me to go ahead and report my experience. Maybe what I saw is part of a bigger picture within the MUFON file cases or will resurface in future sightings or reports.
