{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494757","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/757/mufon-5494757.json","updb_database_id":5494757}
{cak} Low-flying flat diamond shaped solid white light the flashed green red and blue

Me and my brother were heading northbound on the My brother called my attention and said, "What is that flying so low" So i replied, "ahh it's probably a chopper" What happens next gives me the chills just talking about it. My brother said, " If thats a chopper why did all the lights turn off?" I barely caught a glimpse as it passed over and a seen a light or two, but when he asked why did all the lights turn off thats when i payed close attention; knowing that i could possibly be viewing something other-worldly. I stared with all my focus because my bro could not look as we were on the freeway. 
When i observed the craft all i seen was a white light moving slowly to the west of our position at about 100 feet elevation. I kept watching the white light hoping to see it zip off like most ufos will do. But it did not. It went from solid white to a series of strobes: red, green, blue, and some other colors i could not perceive. Once it started flashing it did something strange: the ship which must have been a flat diamond or a rectangle stood up as if pointing straight up and began glowing the same colors that were flashing. The ship was glowing because there were some sort of engravings that resemble veins that illuminated the same colors that were flashing which was an extraordinary sight! At this time i was so excited to be seeing this craft and expecting it to zip away i chose not to try and record this ufo, observing such an otherworldly craft was payment enough for me :) as we progressed on the freeway we were losing sight of the ufo from obstructions but as i looked back at what i just observed i can still see the strobing green red blue lights from about a mile away as the ship continued on its way west. This is not my first encounter with a ufo in my city during my first incident about 8 years ago i only seen the craft as it zipped away leaving a trail of solid and strobed lights in its path. Im guessing this could be the same craft i witnessed the first time. I believe in aliens and UFOs i now understand the feeling of being looked at crazy when talking about UFOs. For me i dont expect a gov excuse or explanation for what i saw. What i saw was real.
