Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2222                        03/21/2026                          03/23/2026
                                      Report:                     Resolution:

   Location:             Iquique         Region:       Tarapacá       Classification:        Closed


                 Reported what was described as a suspended sphere in the air, white in color,
Summary:        approximately "5 meters tall," seen for about 20 seconds.
City of Iquique, Region of Tarapacá.

Testimony (sic): "At that time (2021), I lived in an apartment on a high enough floor to see most of the city, and one day around 1:00 or 2:00 AM, I saw through my window that there was a police helicopter flying overhead and illuminating with its spotlight or flashlight an area not too far from where I was (south direction), which I found strange because it wasn't usual."
It is common to see carabiner helicopters on a daily basis. Nevertheless, I stayed up quite late as during the pandemic I used to be on my computer until the early hours of the morning.

After about 10-15 minutes of seeing the helicopter, I glanced out my window (I was playing on my PC) and noticed that both the hill and the sky were lit up in a way that seemed to be daytime (without any clouds).
(exaggeration), I quickly went to the window to see what had happened and right at the
location where the helicopter was shining, there was some kind of "sphere or dome" of very
pure white color (but not blinding), the size of 2 or 3 cars stacked one on top of the other
(about five meters), that sphere illuminated absolutely everything on the hill and the sky, it
lasted for about 6-7 seconds and then...
That same sphere as if it "retracted itself" (in 3-4 seconds, from the sky to its location, like some kind of force field or push) until it faded away, after that, I was very puzzled by what I had seen, I recorded for another 2 hours with my cell phone, but nothing else happened, the helicopter flew away, there was no power cut (in that area), no noise, and
No local media covered this, until today I don't exactly know what it was,
I don't have photos, but I could make an AI interpretation from a real photo of the area,
I attach them here, I know it's not so accurate and I shouldn't attach them,
but it serves to have a positional approximation of what happened (since it's quite faithful
to my memory, only that both the sphere and the helicopter were
"Further south, that is, further back."

Along with the report, two images were included in the files "unnamed.png" and 
"Screenshot_1.png". The content of the first file is presented in Figure 1. The second 
file corresponded to the user's location.

Figure 1. Content of the "unnamed.png" file

Figure 2. Complete metadata of the "unnamed.png" image

Figure 2 displays the complete metadata of the image received as support.
The reported and generated with Artificial Intelligence. The dates enclosed in blue only correspond to the moment when the information was extracted and have no relation with its content.

The case only had the testified, the user indicated not having original images of what occurred.

Georeferenced the user's location with the image "Screenshot_1" provided by the user (Figure 3).

In his report, the user noted "not having a photo, but I could make an interpretation"
"Using AI from a real photo of the area, I attach them here." Therefore, there is no original audiovisual material of what happened.

Figure 3

Due to the lack of audiovisual means to study, the investigation file was closed according to numeral 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instructions.

Conclusion:
Procedure, Investigation Timelines, Reception, Report Processing, and SEFAA Report Archiving. Case classified as a Report.
