Date                         Date
  Case No.:             1520                        04/16/2021                       05/20/2026
                                      Report:                     Resolution:
                   San Pedro de
   Location:                             Region:     Antofagasta      Classification:    Closed
                     Atacama

                 Reported what was described as “ufos” of small size, with a shape of
Summary:

Triangles or prisms, white in color and showing a lot of movement. This

was seen by 4 people, for 5 minutes, at a distance estimated as

"far."
They did not indicate where they appeared and they did disappear in direction XXX, in San Pedro de Atacama on March 07, 2021 at 01:00 hours.
Description by user:
Testimony (sic): "There were 4 people sharing on the terrace and these UFOs"
"They appeared"

Georeferenced the user's location (Figure 1).

Investigation:

Figure 1
On April 16, 2021, an email was sent to the user with the original files requested, as shown below. The same day, the lady replied, stating that these images had been sent to her via WhatsApp and that she would try to obtain them.
To obtain the originals, as she was not an eyewitness.

Madam, along with greeting and thanking you for entering your observation on the CEFAA platform, we write to inquire if you have any type of image of what you report, which would allow us to study your report with greater accuracy. If you do, you can send the original file or files via the institutional email or using the service provided by WeTransfer.
(https://wetransfer.com). To maintain the best quality of information, we ask that you attach them using email mechanisms and not paste them directly or transfer them through an application like WhatsApp, as they are altered. If you do not have any audiovisual testimony, you can also send us a drawing of what you reported. In this case, that information can be compared with situations that may have parallels with
We will acknowledge receipt once the material is in our possession, preserving the necessary confidentiality and maintaining this communication channel.

Dear,
I just sent the material via wetransfer since they are videos, these came to me through whatsapp and I could try to obtain the original. These UFOs were seen on the terrace.
From the hostel that I own, for 4 people, not for me, but I asked one of them if
I could send them the material since upon seeing the UFOs that the Pentagon confirmed yesterday, they seemed very similar to the ones I was informed about on March 7, 2021.

Regards
Sincerely attentive to any inquiry

At the conclusion of this investigation, the requested videos have not been received.


Given the lack of audiovisual resources and the lack of precision in the location and
Orientation for studying, the investigation folder was closed according to numeral 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Research Times, Reception, Processing of Executive Report and Archiving of Reports SEFAA. Case classified as Report.
