{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-10-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509720","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48696","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/720/mufon-5509720.json","updb_database_id":5509720}
{dr}A round white light, changed speed and color, release a smaller object and went back the way it came.

I was 20 y.o. at Lackland AFB, Texas in October 1967. I was walking down the street at about 9pm. I was looking up at the stars, they are so bright there and at that time it was very dark on the street. I saw a round white light speed across the sky from the Northwest. I grabbed someone on the street and got him to locate the object and say that he too saw it. As the object got overhead, it began to slow and as it slowed it went through a series of color changes, from white to blue to red-orange to yellow orange. It seemed to pulsate as it did this. Then it stopped. It was almost directly overhead. A smaller round white light came out of the larger object. It seemed to drift away from the larger object. It was slow and a little zig zagging like a random drift away. Then it suddenly shot away (East or Southeast?)at an incredible speed. The larger object began to pulsate again and made a slow wide turn. It was white again and it also shot off at an amazing speed in the same direction it had come from. I cannot be sure but the whole thing probably only lasted a few minutes. 
  I did not have much of a reaction. I grabbed this guy because I wanted verification of what I was seeing. I guess right away I knew it was something strange. My main reaction was curiosity. The whole thing seemed strange to me and I could not think of anything to explain it. 
  Later, I told people about it. Most of them were interested. One A.F. guy tried to explain it away. He said it could have been a missile test and I was seeing a missile stage being jettisoned. Then he said it could be a fighter plane shooting a missile. He said that the atmosphere can cause color changes. He said a lot of other possibilities but his point was that there must be a logical explanation and just because I didn't know what it was didn't mean I was seeing something strange or a UFO. 
  My reaction to this was that nothing he mentioned rang true in the least. He could be right about my not understanding something "normal" (for the Air Force), but it seemed pretty strange to me.  
  Since then, I have seen satellites in the sky. They have a constant speed and a constant direction. Unless there is cloud cover, they do not change any visible characteristics. I have seen the Hale-Bopp Comet and I have also seen many "shooting stars" and most recently I saw part of the Leonid Meteor Shower (An AMAZING experience). None of these things seem anything like what I saw in 1967.
