{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-19 22:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518720","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/720/mufon-5518720.json","updb_database_id":5518720}
3 pulsating, orange-lit globe-shaped craft headed slowly in a northeast direction, one in front and two more flying close together following it.

I was walking up the hill to the parking lot entrance of the Fred Meyer store on on NE 67th Avenue, three blocks from my house. When I got to the top I noticed a blinking/pulsating orange light approaching from the south/ southwest and I watched it thinking at first it was an airplane. I then saw that it was large, bright, globe-shaped, and pulsating slowly rather than blinking. The globe was at least 500 ft. elevation, possibly as much as 2000 ft., it was hard to tell how large the craft was. It appeared to my vision as basketball sized or a little larger at the elevation it was flying. I watched it as it flew over my head, heading northeast. When it was directly over my head the craft ascended slowly up through the cloud cover disappearing to my view. As soon as that one ascended I saw two others, identical to the first flying close together along the same exact path, they also ascended slowly as they reached the same zenith. I was observing this alone. There was some activity closer to the store entrance, a clerk collecting shopping carts and a couple of people parking their cars, but no one in my immediate vicinity. I sent out a mental communication asking who the operators of the craft were and did not receive a reply, telepathically or otherwise. 

At the same time as my sighting a small airplane flew over heading due east. I thought that they would have also been able to see the pulsating globular craft if they looked down. I looked that airplane up on the Webtrak database that is used by the Noise Management Office of the Port of Portland and got the identity: Flight ID: N214LM Tail number: N214LM Aircraft Type: PA 44 Altitude: 6,198 ft. Origin: HIO According to the database the plane had departed for the Hillsboro airport. The plane made the usual airplane noise not too loud at the elevation it was flying. In contrast to the plane, the orange pulsating globes were completely silent.

My feelings and reaction: I was very surprised to be seeing this in the middle of a well lit area in the city. The previous times I have sighted such craft I was out in the country where there were no street lights. These other sightings were in the late 1970s and early 1980s in Marin County California and Southampton, New York. Those times the craft were much further away and hovered before racing away on a diagonal. This time they were so much closer, but there were still no exterior characteristics or details visible on the craft, just the pulsating light. I have been studying a lot of books with translations from ancient Sumerian tablets and texts so I wanted to know if these are Annunaki, Pleiadians, or other visitors and was disappointed not to have gotten any communication. I was too busy observing to want to get out my cellphone to try to take pictures. After the sighting I continued up to the store, couldnt find what I wanted, got a rain check, did not speak to the clerk about what Id seen, and walked home. On my way home I called a close friend who said something about ball lightening. I knew that wasnt it, especially when I watched some videos of ball lightening which is erratic and random. These craft were on a trajectory and moving slowly, pulsating rhythmically. I also called two other friends, one of whom said he had also been getting calls about sightings from friends in Ohio and Arizona.
