{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506720","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52035","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3733,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/720/mufon-5506720.json","updb_database_id":5506720}
Object slowly crossed a shallow valley, followed by thick fog

I was about 15 years old, travelling with my 25 year old cousin and his friends. We were staying in a farm house located in a shallow valley in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil. I do not recall what the name of the small town near it was. At the time I lived in Rio de Janeiro.

Some people left for that small town (a 1/2 hour drive) and I plus another 6 people remained behind. 4 of us were outside, by a fire pit, while 2 others were inside the house listening to music.

It was a moonless, very clear night. I was laying down on chairs, looking up at the stars and the very visible Milky Way.

The farm house was between 2 low hills, approximately 1/2 mile apart and the valley (and hills) were covered by small trees and bushes. The road went towards the left hill.

From my right (do not know the cardinal points involved) a circular flying object seemed to just barely clear the hill:
  1 It was about 25" in circumference.
  1 Think of a yo-yo on its side and how it is segmented; the object had a dark segmentation in the middle. I could not see how deep that depression went.
     o Both edges (top of the segment and bottom of segment) had rounded edges.
     o The top had a flattened dome that covered about 80% of its circumference. It was illuminated white. The light did not seem to illuminate the object, it just created a clear contrast against the dark sky background.
     o The lower segment had had a round depression on the bottom, also about 80% of the total circumference. I do not recall if the edges of the depression were rounded or angular.
     o Inside this depression there were 3 half globes arranged in a triangle, glowing red. The red glow barely illuminated the 1depression1 feature they were in.
  1 The starlight gave its surface an appearance of brushed metal. It did not look silvery or highly reflective.

The object flew from my right all the way to my left, over the next hill.
  1 It did not spin, wobble, blink, change altitude or direction, affect the electricity (music was still playing from inside the house), or make any noise.
  1 The closest distance from me was about two football field lengths at about halfway through its flight path.
  1 The flight path was about 1/2 mile at the most. It took approximately 5 minutes from the moment I saw it come across the right hand-side hill until it went over the left-hand side hill.
From the moment I saw it I started screaming for it to come down and waved my hands. It did not react to that.

Once it went over the other hill, I ran inside the house and grabbed a big 6V flashlight. Maybe a minute later, when I came outside, there was a very -very- thick fog rolling into the valley from the hill where the object had first appeared. I started running down the road with the flashlight and, in less than 5 minutes, the fog completely surrounded me and the flashlight was projecting very defined beams. I could not see the house lights or the fire light from about 20 meters away. I ran all the way down the road, towards the direction of the object, but nothing else happened.
