{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283720","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119713","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/720/mufon-5283720.json","updb_database_id":5283720}
Saw three different spheres changes directions, were different colors in the span of 1 hour and 20 minutes

My sister and I went outside to walk around outside our apartments. Immediately she saw a shooting star. And then another one.

I saw one then saw a blinking red light. We knew it was a plane. 

And then after we saw a reddish yellow pulsating orb. It looked large, just above the corner of my building. It was steady, as in the lights didn't completely go off. 

However we could tell it pulsed. As the constant light got brighter and dimmer. It moved to our left, first slowly then fast. Then the pulsing light became slower. It moved at a curve, become smaller and dimmer before completely disappearing. 

Then, not seconds later a bright white blue flashing light appeared above a different building. The light was large and steady. Flashing quickly.  It appeared to have a constant red light, and flashing white light. The light then changed from bright to dim. Changing in frequency. (Bright white. Dim red. Bright white. Dim red. Dim white. Dim red. Bright white quick. Dim red steady. Etc...) constantly changing. Before getting smaller and smaller appearing then, as a star before the lights going out.

And by now, we've seen two more shooting stars. 

Until we saw the big shooting star. I gasped and a yellow orb shot long across the sky at a curve toward the trees. 

We saw another shooting star. And our final blinking light orb. It was slow and Dim. And also moved left in an extremely slow curve before looking like a star then disappearing.
 
We then went inside because we were cold.
