{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-11 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522720","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33304","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/720/mufon-5522720.json","updb_database_id":5522720}
From morning to past noon countless small metallic orbs hover, fly, dart, and flash under the low clouds in the Raintree area. A faster,darker object is caught on film.

After witnessing the same white objects the previous night, we awoke and went outside in the dawn hours and were flabergasted at the number of pinprick (small star size) objects within our viewing area. They were small but seemed to leave a brighter tail when they darted short distances and some brightened when hovering. We watched for awhile before I convinced my dad (,whom I was visting,) to go get his Nikon Coolpix 775 camera. This camera only takes 15sec of film at a time and I found the videos easier to see when only doubled from its original size (I even slowed it to half speed.) I took several at dawn and throughout the rising sun and into the afternoon. The sky filled with big puffy clouds and small patches of blue sky, and as the sun rose the multitude of objects not only became more noticable but were obviously manuvuering underneath these clouds and weren't as large or far away as the previous night. With the clouds as backdrop they were clearly defined orbs with definte edges and had a metalic surface almost like dull cast aluminum. When they moved they seemed to have a bluish or grey undefined tail about 3X thier length. We also noticed they would slow, hover, and then occasionly flash. We noticed that at times several orbs would then steadily move toward the first, and sometimes all would manuevering together in formations of as many as 7, or , especialy toward noon, other orbs would flash back, and still other times orbs would drift toward the flash orb who would dart (North/Northeast mostly) very quickly out of view or vision with blue tails. Though these objects were penciltip in size most of the time, there were so many with such erratic flight patterns, there has to be more witnesses. 
The final aspect, is my father asked several times if they weren't turning off or going dark when they performed these bullet darts out of our sight. I didn't notice any and he shrugged the split second glimpses. However, in one video (the one included) toward the last 4 seconds a larger, darker cigar shape zooms from the top middle of the screen to the bottom right. Frame by frame shows what appears to be an erratic flight pattern as well. Also visable is 9 or more of the little orbs (one of the best is to the right of the house's roofpoint about 1/3 the screen across). Sorry for the poor quality, I found running at 1/2 speed and only double size seemed to work best. Loop and look for others and the variety of flight patterns.
