{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484720","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/720/mufon-5484720.json","updb_database_id":5484720}
Human like entity, made mainly of light. was very bright, warm and radiant. Telepathic entity

1st contact/ 1st ever encounter. I honestly did not expect it, it actually happened within my own household, minding my own business. Watching TV with my dad, you know...being an average 15/14 year old. It was around 10pm, getting a bit late for me at that age, so I then I decided to head off into my room, placed my laptop there, plugged it into charge, I then had an urge to go to the toilet, so yeah', from what I can remember when I came back to my room, I was shocked! I didn't scream. I could not move for a bit. I saw a humanoid figure, Very bright white light gleaming from this '' light being'' at the time that's the only thing I could remember calling it straight after the experience. At the time, obviously for a teenager at that age, would be terrified. At the time I was very quick to just dismiss it as an hallucination but I never had history when it comes to hallucinations. Anyway, there' was more to it than that. Soon as I saw this ''light being'' for some reason, my vision ZOOMED into a specific region of her body, such as her head and shoulder, tried to quickly see if I can identify who this ''thing'' was. I couldn't, I was scared to stay in the room any longer, I felt a VERY strong presence in the room, it was the most strangest thing I have ever experienced. I ran out of my room quickly, shut the door and the weirdest part of that moment is that the woman spoke to me telepathically, sounding very gentle and sending ''positive'' emotions to me, I did start to feel calm but I was too cautious to let my guard down. I felt like I was under threat, It then became clear to be that I had my first or one of the first contact experience I have had with a ''light being'' but I really wanted this woman to just leave, I couldn't see her face, it was too bright and honestly, the presence also felt warm...I was freaked out as you could tell. When I asked her to leave, IN MY MIND. I spoke to her, telepathically. YES I did communicate to her telepathically, it was very strange and I don't know how I did that, it is strange and I felt crazy at the time, when she went, I felt really upset, trapped and also asked why me, why did this occur, what was that, what did she want? but at the same time I felt excited and relieved simply because I have possibly encountered E.T/Inter dimensional beings and that is the greatest discovery that any man or human
