{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-22 20:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3125,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5517038.json","updb_database_id":5517038}
Bright light for 5 seconds

I'm a college exchange student from the U.S. studying Japanese in Kyushu, Japan. I've been here for 7 weeks now, and most nights are overcast. Tonight was especially clear, now that the rainy season is over. The moon could be clearly seen in the west, the direction my window looks. I live on the 5th floor of a dorm all the way at the end of a hall closest to the bay. My view consists of many mountains and a bit of forest, the bay isn't visible at all. At the time of the event, the moon had already gone below the horizon (the mountains for me), and I was looking at all the stars in the sky that I haven't seen in weeks. I noticed a plane go by, flying southeast towards Oita airport. It went by, I still gazed at the sky. I blocked the bright lights from some buildings down below to the left with my hands. I thought to myself the usual thoughts I have when stargazing, that I wonder if there are any UFOs up there. Then I noticed another plane, and figured I was watching the incoming planes from Honshu. I was watching it blink the usual lights I see on planes, when suddenly another light to the left of it in the sky that I had dismissed as a star suddenly lit up VERY bright. It didn't move, it was stationary. It was a bright white light, that was sort of a flat diamond. I could do nothing but stare right at it in wonder, a bit in disbelief at what I was seeing . It stayed lit for about 5 seconds, and faded back into the night sky. I stared for a moment longer, but I couldn't see it. Immediately, I tucked back into my window (I had it open all the way, no screen) and sent a quick IM to a friend about what I had just seen.Planes continued to fly as normal in the same area of sky they usually appear in.
To touch on my feelings after the sighting, I was immediately a bit frightened because I had no explanation for what I had seen. After looking out of the window a bit more, that feeling faded. I felt kind of strange, because I had been thinking about UFOs when it suddenly appeared. I even thought to myself that it was responding to me, which sounded extremely crazy. I shook off the feeling a little bit and here I am.
20 minutes after the UFO had lit up, I saw search lights from the mountains. I'm not sure what their purpose was, but I do know that I have never seen them before since I've been here. Part of me wonders if the UFO was caught on radar. 
I was told by my teacher a few weeks ago that there is a base for the defense force near us, and he said it was in that direction.
