{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-06-20 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5522038.json","updb_database_id":5522038}
Multiple discs fly over and take different paths

Ojects/lights had been appearing in the distant sky for a couple of weeks. This particular night, they were much closer. We lived on a hill very near 2 water towers. We and other neighbors were on our front porches watching for the lights to appear. Out of no where appeared 1 very large white light. It zipped across the sky at amazing speed, making no noise and moving faster than any plane or jet. It stopped suddenly hovered for a few minutes. 

3 disc shaped objects appeared from behind the white light. 2 moved together and disappeared over a hill. The other traveled from east to west away from the large bright light. The large bright light just disappeared. We all watched the smaller object move across the sky at amazing speed, stopping, ascending at even higher speeds then reappearing in a different part of the sky and then zigzagging back and forth rapidly. The larger object eventually reappeared a bit closer to our house. The small disc moved to the larger object and hovered nearby. The other 2 discs appeared flying over the water towers, probably clearing them by no more then 50 feet. One was slightly in front of the other as in a formation. Both were domed disc shaped objects, approximately 75 - 100 ft. in diameter, with what appeared to be windows but we couldn't see in them. Both also had lights circling the bottom of the discs that alternated in a red to green pattern. 

There was no noise as they glided past us and toward the bright white object. I ran toward their flight path. My mother was yelling at me to get back to the porch. I just wanted to see them up close and was hoping they would actually land and make contact. As they approached the bright white object, they, along with the third disc, begin flying in patterns circling around the white object. They seemed to somehow join with the white object which then began glowing even brighter. Suddenly, it shot straight up with such speed it quickly became a small dot like the stars in the sky and then disappeared.

There was no doubt these were not any sort of plane or jet or anything made on this earth. I was around 8 years old at the time. All the adults were excited about what had just happened. We didn't see the lights anymore that summer but did in following years.
