{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-15 10:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67514","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5492038.json","updb_database_id":5492038}
{jpg} Hat shaped silver disc, hovering for 30 minutes. Cloaked in cloud, brightened and not seen again.

I was on the phone with either the IRS or Social Security, and couldn't hang up the phone, so I was observing while talking to the person on the phone. It was difficult to keep focused on my phone conversation, because I wanted to run inside and get my husband (who was sleeping), or get my camera, but I wasn't able to think straight about what to do while on the phone. 

I was in the office, on the driveway side of our house, when I saw the object hovering a few blocks away. It was at the same level that a helicopter would fly. I went outside, still holding the phone to take a better look. I walked down the driveway to the end, and made a note that the saucer was probably just three or so blocks away, hovering. I made mention to the person on the phone, but they didn't seem that interested and kept discussing my reason for calling them. 

I kept my eyes on it from the office window, after I went back inside. After I hung up the phone, I went outside to look at it, again, but it now had begun surrounding itself with a cloud. Very quickly, it was disappearing from my view, and now I realized that I should've gotten my camera or woke my husband to come look. 

As the cloud completely surrounded the disc, the cloud began to glow brightly from within the cloud, and then the glow was gone. The cloud was there for a little while, and then I lost interest and went in the house. 

I honestly cannot give an exact date of when this happened. It was likely in early 2010. I know the year was 2010, and since I was discussing things with the IRS, it would've likely been before April, but I have no recollection of even the month, at this point. Sorry for that. 

One of the things that was disturbing about this is that it would've been hovering over and near a very busy road, (Dixie Highway), between 10:15 AM and 10:45 AM. Also, this was only blocks from the Pompano Beach Airport, where they house the Goodyear Blimp. I wondered if anyone else was seeing this craft? I guess I'll never know. It was not on the news. I watched the news hoping someone else saw it. 

I felt a need to share this. I have another report to make of a craft I saw in Connecticut, circa 1976. I suppose I should report that on another website? It feels good to get these stories off my chest! Thank you!
