{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-21 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5289038.json","updb_database_id":5289038}
The object was more disc shape with a thin dim copper light. With a pulsating gold light going around the object. The top of the object had a aura.

So I was walking out of work on March 21st. I noticed a bright goldish light over interstate 70 about NW. I thought it was just a planet that was bright that night. When I got into my car I was replying to a few text and then set some bags into my back seat. I could seebout of the back door window that light was closer and moving. I get out of my car and stare at this light for 30 or 40 seconds. I was trying to see any evidence of a aircraft but I saw no flashing light, red light, or green light. No visible sign of wings and no helicopter sounds. No sound whatsoever. Once the object was closer to the store I could clearly see a dim thing light along the object giving it a disc shape with a pulsing like moving around the object. I went to get my phone out of the car to get a video of it. The object was over the store by the time I got my phone. I could see what i could describe as a blueish green aura but the light seemed warped. Like how black holes are described to distort and warp light that is how it looked liked. I immediately started to record some of the event to get evidence so people would believe me. Shortly after my video the object disappeared NE behind the tree line. Either it was to far out or it descended behind the trees. This isn't the only kind of experience from the area. For years now locals and tourist have described a gold, orange or cooper like lights in the area. Flashing lights from the woods like lightning have been reported with out a single storm or cloud that night. I am glad I caught some evidence of what we have been seeing for years off and on.
