{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5497038.json","updb_database_id":5497038}
{dr}there was a blue sparkly thing above trees across the road from my daughters house. there was also a bright gold ball, a smaller blue sparkly thing, 5 differently colored transparent house shaped things and a black, flat, very fast craft with a huge f

August 4th, 2005
             6:30 - 7:00 pm
   
   It was a thursday, my ex husband "S" birthday so after work we had driven to fayetteville from fort smith arkansas in order to celebrate with our daughter and her family. we were going to go shoot a few games of pool, not much as we had 16.00 on us this day before payday.       we pulled off the interstate at fayetteville and stopped at local convenience store. As we got out i noticed the setting sun and 2 bright lights flying low inside the suns bright rays. One was bigger than the other. I pointed them out to "S" and i noticed several patrons had also noticed them. we all looked in mild awe and then we went on about our buisness.I had forgotten about these lights until the day after the sighting. I dont know that they are related to the event or not, is just one of several oddities to take place before the actual sighting. From there we went to our friend "D"s house to say hi. oddly enough, while there we had a discussion about ufos. I had no opinion as Ive only seen weird lights on occasion. THe talk is the 2nd oddity before the sighting. At 8:15 we left for "M"s house on old missouri rd. 
    "M" and "C" had decided not to go after all so i borrowed a shirt from "M", told them we would be only a few hours as we were low on funds and we left. We went to a pub in town and we each had 2 draft beers between 8:30 and 10:30. we ran into friends so we stayed until 12:00 am. We made it to "M"s at 12:30 or so. the house was dark so we were very quiet. I stretched out on the couch and "S" went out to the front porch to have a smoke before turning in. He was gone for 3 minutes or so when he quietly came back in and asked me to come outside with him, he wanted to show me something. it was a dark starry night. the porch light was off so it was very dark. He pointed up above a tree across the road and ask me "what is that"? hovering just above the tree tops was a brilliant,chrystal or teardrop shaped thing. It was beautiful. Like a blue, spinning chrystal. It reflected light as well as had blue flashing lights all over it and it appeared to maybe be spinning. It was big. Then he pointed to the south just a block away was another one only smaller. It was 100 feet in the air above our local social security office located a few blocks south on Joyce st. then he pointed way up in the sky from north to west to south was 5 transparent things shaped like a childs drawing of a house with the square topped by a triangle. Each one was a different color. I remember green, red, Yellow, blue and red. They were evenly spaced across the heavens. I thought of sentrys when I saw them. So in a circle of all around above was something. we were the first witnesses. I tried to have a cool head so I decided that since we had had a small amount of alcohol that we needed more witnesses so I ran to "M"s room and woke her and "C" up.... thru their grumbleing i managed to get them outside. I pointed it all out to them and their mouths fell open. now i noticed 2 neighbors from the house next door due north from "M"s place had come outside and were awestruck. "M" and "C" said they didnt know what they were but they were going back into their house and going back to bed because they didnt want any part of whatever this was.Next I called my mom, its about 1:15 am by this time.i was surprised that she actually answered the phone. I breathlessly told her what was up. She beleived me, ask me what they looked like? then she said to pay attention and she would call me early in the morning when she woke up. She told me to be careful.She then suggested calling the police maybe? Hmmmmmm.... I then gave "D" a call. He was freaking out because of our talk that very evening about a topic that we had never mentioned to each other in the 15 years that we had been friends. I told him that they were sooo bright that maybe , from 3 miles awy, if he looked to the eastern night sky he might see blue light or to look way up to try and find the colored sentries. I began to notice a gold star that was way up between the two blue things. I thought it might be mars and i marveled at how much light it was still manageing to project in light of the brightness of these things. They were Dazzleing. You just couldnt help but to look at them, in awe, as many questions about life elsewhere was being answered in our hearts and minds. I noticed a neighbor man on the south side had come out in his pajamas i think. awe and wonder had all of us talking in hushed tones, no one had their porch light on, offering at least the illusion of antonimity while gazeing from the shadows. 
    We didnt speak to any of the others, we all just stared bravely at a miracle. Of course it had occurred to me that they were parked just above a private mountain and pasture for cows. They like steak just like we do I think. So I hoped they were just haveing dinner. Nothing that beautiful could have bad in tentions. But WHAT were their ultimate intentions for the whole of the neighborhood. At 1:30 or 2:00 am I turned off the gps on my cell phone and then i placed an anonymouse call to the fayetteville police department. The female dispatcher sounded like an older lady. I told her what we were looking at and maybe an officer should come by soon and see for himself. She immediately said "Ma am? what is your location?" I told her that my location wasnt important here, that if an officer went to the social security office on Joyce street and looked up that he would see what is up with no help from anyone. I hung up on her and thats when the first chill went up my spine. What were they really hanging out for so long? Their continued presence began to be unnerveing as abduction finally creeped along my thoughts, I had seen a tv show about abduction. I thought about that they say that you dont remember anything after they are done with you soooo... thats a bonus i guess. They bright star suddenly began to grow bigger as it descended from its hideing in plane site position to slowly descend directly down to shine its light on us. It literally shined like a big flash light. I again was amazed and frozen. My instincts kicked in and I wanted the sheltered anonimoty of the dark porch but it was too late. They gold ball seemed to possibly have blinked and it stopped and LOOKED at me... It noticed me and I realized that the night was slipping away, that their agenda was to be carried out in the cover of darkness. There was only a few hours of dark left so if we refused to go to sleep so they could violate us and erase our memories. easy peasy that way. But perhaps they were getting impatient and i had heard that they could grab you up in a beam of light, that the beam of light hurt and that you might remember THAT! so I backed awy and ddashed into the house to fall asleep quick, I would cooperate. I looked in on my grand daughter asleep in her room and she was fine. The house was totally dark except for the back porch lightshineing into the liveing room thru the glass door, I noticed that the dogs were very quiet out back there. I heard a buzzing and I watched from the couch as the porch light flashed on and off going dim and then bright. I forced my eyes shut. My husband took a place on the floor about10 feet across the room and in front f the fire place.He was positioned with his head faceing west and his feet the east.I was scared.
     one more thing that I need to explain is the very fast, black, flat air craft or ufo that circled the sky right under neath of these things and i had began to notice planes come in from the east flying west. One about every 5 minutes for hours. the flat black thing had a very large, bright red flashing light on top of it. I felt it was issueing a warning of some kind...It paid particular attention to the sentries whom actually climbed in altitude to appear smaller and way, way up there, in the blink of an eye.So I had the impression that our military out in fort chaffee arkansas just 45 miles away had been alerted. But none of the planes paid any attention to the crafts, only the black thing buzzing around with a red light paid any attention.
      So I fell asleep immediately after i watched the buzzing and flashing on and off, dim to bright. I wasnt afraid, I was even curiouse. I awoke from the sensation of being dropped, dropped from a ways up and I landed in a deep crouch right in the middle of "S"s chest where i straddled him and pummeled him awake screaming ""S"! wake up!!! we have to kill them! we have to kill them". I remeber feeling releived when I noticed that the sun was comeing up, the night was finally over. "S" was in a completely different position and place on the flooor than when we had passed out. He was 5 feet closer to me than before. No, Im not a drama queen. I promise that this is true to the best of my knowledge. The next evening the neighbors all had their chairs outside watching the lights approach from the west just as the night before. I scanned the sky for anymore objects and found nothing. We got in our car and high tailed it back to fort smith arkansas and tried to put it behind us. we aerent harrassed by men in black but we began to get pulled over alot after that.
     We moved into our new apartment in springdale in October 2005. Hurricane katrina had just devestated New orleans and another catagory 5 storm called rita was bearing down on my home town Freeport Texas and galveston Texas. Katrina hit exactly 14 days or 2 weeks exactly after the event. I have watched many shows about ufos to try and find anyone else with a similar experience with the blue sparkly thing. This is also how I knew that this was big, in comparison to many other sightings mine is phenominal. Most sightings are fleeting. The fact that there was so many different types of craft lends to importance i would think. The first week in my new apartment a small blue light parked itself in the southern sky right outside my door. I have sence had 3 other terrorifying ,weird and frightening experiences in the middle of the night. In one experience I wake up , I sit up and look across my bed, across roberts sleeping form at 3little hispanic men. Very short. The one in the middle had like a flashlight effect under his chin and his eyes were animal eyes. Again I screamed and pummeled roberts unwakeing body, I pummeled his chest in my terror. They were only 3 feet tall.That happened here in my apartment. Another time I came too in my liveing room, I was in only panties and i was stumbleing around because my body wouldnt work. My arms and legs were flying around all crazy all on their own and i was paniced and I developed nausea after I got my body tucked into my bed. To this day Im terrorfied when I wake up at 3 am or so and I wonder if there is creepy things in the bathroom because i sure need to pee. 
     Our family had been targeted along with people across the road by huge, bright lights and creepers around the house. When I was growing up we would watch lights out over the texas prairie grow larger, then smaller. They moved around sometimes too. Once me and my brother were listening to the radio in moms car in the evcening time, it was dark and starry. we watched an large triangle shaped craft fly slowly over our house. It was black and It had lights on it. Looking back i beleive that we may have seen the then mythical war creature called th Stealth Bomber. Houston is right up my road after all. Nasa and all that stuff. My boyfriend has been keeping his eye on a light that seems to sit up on the hill. It moves around a little bit too.
  Thank you for letting me air this out in my mind and heart. There is also many witnesses, Oh yea, about the time the gold ball was noticeing me, 2 hours after i called them, a fayetteville police car came creeping aby at 5 miles an hour with his light off. He was right beneath them for a while. His head was trying to sink all the way down in his seat and coast by. There was real possibilty of an attack so a cop with a fire arm would have been welcome, very welcome. I could feel his fear as he went by. He didnt notice or bother anyone standing outside. also this is a long duration sighting. i did develope mrsa a few weeks later.i lost 17 pounds and almost died. My mother did some research on the internet and she called me and said that the blue sparkly thing had been seen over the line in oklahoma. said that it was seen more often when we come our closest to mars ev ery five years. We are also within 60 miles of a rumored underground base and possible ufo crash in Spiro Oklahoma. Thats also the site of some native american mounds, ancient things.My phone number is [Phone number removed/cms/tg]. I wish to speak with someone, Please.
