{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-11 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5511038.json","updb_database_id":5511038}
{cak} rectangular structure like a vertical box kite with bright lighted surface and small flickering light points.

It was around 1:05 a.m. and had been on FaceBook. I poked my head out the patio door to listen to the Mockingbird that was singing. I was taken aback by this very bright rectangular light in the distance. I live on the golf course tee and it looked to be at about the putting hole. 

My first thought was, "Whats THAT doing THERE?". It was a large, vertical, rectangular object that was brightly lit as if with LED lights. It seemed to have the structure of a box kite. There were some secondary lights on the edges (or coming from within) that looked a little reddish/bluish and projected off of it... kind of starry and flickery. Like if you were squinting at a LED yard light. But this was up in the air about 100 to 500 feet. 

It appeared to travel closer and looked about the size of a semi truck trailer when it stopped a few hundred feet from me. I had turned off the patio light and walked into the yard to observe it at different angles. When it got closer I realized it was not something normal and I wanted to take a picture. By the time I got my cell phone and came back out (15 seconds)it was gone. It didn't appear to have passed by my house as I looked in other directions.

It made no noise and my two dogs and the noisy Mockingbird were totally unaware. I never felt threatened just dumbstruck over what seemed to be hovering in front of me. It made no more sense to me than if I had seen a large billboard "floating" over the golf course in the middle of the day!

This is my first time to see something like this. I do believe in the possibility of UFOs but never expected this to happen to me. This morning I am trying to find an explanation or dismiss it as a trick of the eye. But I just cant get over how strong its presence was. Big, bright and so quiet!
