{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-25 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3657,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5482038.json","updb_database_id":5482038}
{jpg} I saw the lights out the driver side of the car. There were three lights in triangle form. One disappeared then one big bright light just came flashing on with a green bluish color. It hovered for a few minutes, then it disappeared.

My son and his friend were in the area. They saw the lights while they were on there way back home. He came home and told me about them. I asked him if he could show me. We arrived at the area at first there was nothing. We were on our way back we caught sight of the lights. First there was the triangle. The shape was triangle form but long. When the light flashed on it was a bluish green color around it then the bright white light. They were very close so we knew they weren't stars. One of the lights disappeared. It didn't light up the sky. It was stationary. The other two lights were not as bright as the one that came out of nowhere. When I saw it I was very excited so was my son, not a happy excited. We tried to take a video of it but we couldn't catch it. You can hear us very well in the recording of what was happening. After the lights were gone, flares were being dropped three always three. We were almost out of the area and the lights came back. From where we were they were behind the trees. We turned to go get a better look from where we were then they were gone. They dropped three more flares. When I say they it was the military. This was happening over the military base. You can see the difference between flares and these lights. The flares left traces of smokes, the lights didn't. The flares lit up the area where they were dropped the lights didn't. There was no sound or smell of anything. There were helicopters flying around that area. We stayed there for a little while to see if the lights would come back, they didn't. We decided to go to the lake, it's a few miles from the base but close to the area where we came from. What happened next made me think the military was watching us. We were at the lake outside the car all of a sudden a helicopter came from that area and flew over us. Before we got to the lake I mentioned to my son that if the police comes out here then something is up. After the helicopter flew over us not five minutes did the police show up. While he was there the helicopter flew back over us from the same direction it came before. They flew very low over us both times. We left and went back to the area but everything was quiet. My son was very shaken after this and during. He and his friend were so shaken when they saw it themselves they were both crying. He said their chest started to hurt while they were seeing the lights. When I went back with my son for him to show me I developed a throbbing headache. He also mentioned there was something running in the woods beside their car as they were driving. My son said it looked grey and about the height of the car door from the bottom of the window to the ground. The night sky was very clear.
