{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-15 16:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520038","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/038/mufon-5520038.json","updb_database_id":5520038}
Rectangular, black/gray, a little fuzzy at edges, reddish stripes or lights, moving quite fast, first east, disappearing, reappearing and moving west toward where a storm and a tornado were building, then disappearing again, possibly behind clouds.

I was walking into Ann Arbor, MI, to pick up supplies at food coop. Thunderhead clouds had begun showing to the west, and there was a faint rumbling from beyond them, but the storm did not seem close yet. I felt Id better be fairly quick, though. 

I was on a high bridge over the river, from which, ahead, some rather hilly terrain is visible where the central city and university campus are. I saw something floating/flying eastward, as if to overlook the campus area. At first I thought it might be a Blimp, the one that often flies over to photograph games and other events deemed newsworthy. But it was not really shaped like that. It was rectangular, gray-black, possibly a bit fuzzy around the edges. It appeared fairly solid, though maybe a little cloud-like as well, though not transparent. Quite soon it disappeared. 

A moment later, as I was thinking strongly of it, there it was again, almost straight ahead, and now moving west, as if heading for the building storm. Again, I thought maybe it was something being used to observe the storm (and I still think it could have been). This time I watched it as well as I could: still rectangular, still gray-black, and now I noticed what might be red stripes or stripe-like red lights on it. 

Quite soon it disappeared again, maybe behind some cloud cover. Im not sure if it made any noise. It might have rumbled a bit, but there are so often helicopters from the hospital in the area that Im not certain if I might have been hearing one of those or not (and this was not one of them). 

My feelings: Curious, mainly. Open to both ordinary and extraordinary possibilities. I have a sense that it was somehow connected to the storm, either way.   

Aftermath: The storm, to the west where this flying object seemed to end up heading, was a tornado that made national news. In Ann Arbor itself, it was a big thunderstorm with hail.

The next day I tried looking for any more input on the "flying thing". Ive seen and heard no references to it anywhere so far, but did find that the tornado it was heading in the direction of apparently destroyed the house where a famous UFO sighting had occurred 46 years before almost to the day (Frank Manor house?)
