{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5497870.json","updb_database_id":5497870}
{cak} 3 very large crafts and more than 30 little ones

we first observed orb like lights taking off from the tree line in the northwest and shooting up into the only cloud in the sky where they were all congregating. Shortly after several launches, there was a craft that was solid red probably about 20 miles away in the West. The craft was heading east and remained solid red until it was about 50 yards outside of our bedroom window and did a quick directional change and turned solid blue and then immediately solid green. While it was changing colors, it also changed shape. It emitted a very strange buzzing noise and went from a triangular shape to almost a bug like shape and then sped off and turned solid white. The craft was probably a hundred feet long or so. It appeared to be chasing the small red orbs. After this large craft was out of sight, all of the orbs came out of the single cloud and started going every direction. They would randomly change altitude and go from north to south and east to west in the blink of an eye. Another large craft was witnessed coming over the hills to the east and it was maybe 500 feet or so off the ground. It was red white and green and it made no sound at all. All of these events were witnessed by myself, my wife, my 22 year old son, and my 14 year old daughter. This event lasted for over 2 hours. The weirdest thing was when one craft looked like it had a force field around it went about a hundred feet over my house again making no noise at all, went out to the middle of our field and then disappeared at the speed of light. This was also witnessed by all of us. Every animal was howling and making as much ruckus as possible. Once all of the activities stopped in the sky, all animals went silent. This event ended shortly before 2 o'clock in the morning. All of this took place in Enumclaw Washington on November 13th 2014. we were unable to get video of the craft while it was close to our house because none of our cell phones would work. My daughter was able to get a video at a distance the third time the triangular shaped craft was making the rounds again.
