{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-15 05:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5453870.json","updb_database_id":5453870}
{cak} 20-30 bright lights suddenly appeared seemingly from nowhere, one at a time, and flew southward at a speed faster than any commercial aircraft.

I was walking my 3 small dogs around 5:25 am on Tuesday 4-14-2020 and had turned on a portable EMF meter that directionally detects and measures electric field radiation and magnetic field emission, and I carried it pointing upward in a packet, which I often do on walks.. 

At the address given, an Episcopal church, the EMF meter went suddenly from zero detection to medium-high level of magnetic field detection and the sound clicked rapidly. There is nothing in the vicinity to cause this.

The sky was dark...the sun had not yet risen.

I looked up in the direction the detector was pointing and saw a series of lights suddenly appear seemingly from nowhere and fly off to the south, spaced from the preceding one by several seconds. 

The lights flew at much greater speed than any aircraft, covering the distance from the appearance point to out of sight within 5-10 seconds. I would guess that they were going about 5 times faster than commercial aircraft on a landing flight path typical in our area.

 The EMF meter registered high magnetic activity detection throughout the appearance and departure of some 20-30 "lights". beeping rapidly and constantly. When I pointed the meter away from the sky, the detection stopped completely and it went to zero. Upon pointing it back at the sky, the medium/high readings returned.

When the last "light" appeared "out of nowhere" and flew out of visual range to the south, the EMF activity meter returned to zero readings, as it had before the episode.

I did not see anything resembling a "mother ship" from which these "lights" emerged. I would guess the distance was well over a mile, but this is just a guess.. They simply "materialized" at the same spot, one after another, and flew off southbound at the same speed, separated by several seconds from the previous.

There was no more EMF meter activity for the rest of the walk with the dogs after this activity stopped.. The dogs seemed very nervous at the end of the sightings and agitated and wanted to return home, which I did. This location is about one block from my home.

The EMF meter I used was manufactured by Cambridge Labs and is model CL-360.
