{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-23 12:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2625,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5488870.json","updb_database_id":5488870}
looked out vehicle window saw commerical aircraft leaving dbl contrail then saw much smaller object to right of trail

I pulled into a parking spot at Zehr's in Orillia, ON earlier today (Sept 23/15). It was roughly 12noon. I was looking at the sky out the windshield when I saw a commercial aircraft that looked to be at full altitude leaving a short dbl contrail behind it heading from an easterly direction to the west. Just behind the commercial craft was a smaller object appearing sphere like also leaving a contrail much shorter, a single trail and much thinner than the commercial craft. At first the object was roughly 3-4 of the commercial craft length behind and to the right of the contrail. It seemed to slow allowing the gap to become larger (6-8 commercial craft lengths),although it maintained the same flight path. I got out of my vehicle and continued to watch. It almost looked as if it had momentarily stopped. Suddenly it sped up and shot forward toward the plane back to 3-4 commercial craft lengths and it darted from the right side on the contrail through it and to the left side seemingly sideways to get there so quickly . The object became much brighter several times during the sighting - perhaps sun glare?
I looked down for a fraction of a second and then back but it was gone. The commercial aircraft continued on its course but the object had completely vanished. Not even a trace of contrail from it. Sighting lasted roughly 4 minutes I believe. I was a little stunned to be honest. Was it a jet fighter or a chaser jet? I wondered if that could be it so I did a little reading upon my return home. From that reading I learned that safety regulations prevent chaser jets from flying too close to larger aircraft or flying directly in its emissions wake.....so what was it?
Thank you for your time.
Sherri Collins
p.s. I do not own a cell phone I would have taken a million pictures!
There may have been other witnesses that saw it because I was standing in the parking lot looking up to the sky at it.
