{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-26 08:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52967","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2527,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5505870.json","updb_database_id":5505870}
{nd} Witnessed odd reflective object in the sky

I was driving south on the way to work along Highway 14 and was about an eighth of a mile north of the road that leads to the Santa Fe County Adult Correctional Facility. I noticed something bright in the corner of the windshield and focused on it. It was a hovering reflective or otherwise bright thing hanging in the air at least 600 feet above the ground at least a half mile directly south of the Correctional Facility.
My initial impression was that it was an airplane. But it was not moving at any noticeable difference with respect to the ground. Plus, there were no contrails behind it, and it would have been flying too low for a commercial jet. My next thought was that it was a star. But it was clearly daytime, no other stars were apparent.
As these thoughts were occurring, the object remained hanging in the air, and I kept driving, hopefully to get a better look. My internal monologue was a plea to the craft to let me know it better, but to no avail. After approximately 10 seconds, it vanished without movement in the span of 3 seconds. No objects obscured it, as I had been driving down the same straight stretch of highway the entire time. The only possible explanation for the fading of the object was either it moving directly away from me or it somehow cloaked or otherwise became invisible. It might be some distant supernova, but after this testimony I will see if anything like that has happened while being visible in daylight.
Afterwards I thought was that it was a reflection from dirt on my windshield. But as my car regularly shook and bounced the light remained steady, plus I was focusing through my windshield at the object.
I felt happy that I could witness such a bizarre event, but sad that I did not have a camera ready to witness the event. Considering the object was just some extremely reflective, distant point in the sky, it isnt a huge loss.
