{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5498870.json","updb_database_id":5498870}
{cak} 3 bright white lights in diagnol line

I was inside and one of my neighbors ran over to get me to come out and look. 

I and four of my neighbors in my apartment complex saw three white lights--they appeared like solid objects either glowing or reflecting the sunlight--first they hovered for around a half hour, then headed south-west very, very slowly. It all happened towards the south east of the valley. They were in a line like this : * *  * only tipped to the right at almost a 45 degree angle. As they slowly moved off, they began to tip towards horizontal, though not quite, and the last one, the one furthest apart, moved farther apart. No civilian planes flew during this time, only military jets (I don't know much about military planes, but the ones that leave the trails). They kept flying past the lights without coming in close, usually west of the lights, but after they left our view, another one came along flying to the east of where they had been. The planes were all, to the best of my knowledge, flying from north to south.

During the event, the sun was right on top of them, making them tricky to spot, but clear once they were pointed out. That also meant that getting anything like a clear shot of them was impossible on cell phones, which is all anyone had. It looked to me like they were reflecting the sunlight, though another neighbor said "if you concentrate real hard, you can see the glow." (I'm not sure of the exact wording, but that was the basic gist)

My reactions? I was excited and a bit confused as to why I wasn't freaking out. I was trying to remember as much detail as I could. For a while, maybe 5-10 minutes, I would try to do a search with the words "UFO Salt Lake Valley Oct. 2, 2014" and I couldn't get the search results to stay for more than maybe 10-30 seconds. I clicked a couple links and the same thing happened--I was taken back to a blank Google search page. One other neighbor experienced something similar at the same time, but everything started working fine again shortly.

How they left our sight: There was a line of trees and a building that blocked our view once they moved far enough to the south west.
