{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25638","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2206,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5529870.json","updb_database_id":5529870}
3 glowing coloured star like objects

I was camping out in the blue mountains west of Sydney N.S.W with my two brothers. We were lying in our sleeping bags looking up at the stars , when i noticed something strange. Very high up in the sky , looking like one of the stars was a red glowing circular object . At first it was stationary , but then all of a sudden it took off across the sky at an unbelievable speed and just stopped instantly . At first i said nothing to my brothers just incase i was imagining things , but the object just kept zipping around the sky so i pointed out what i was witnessing . First jeff noticed then anthony , we could not believe what we were seeing with our eyes . This red light was moving so fast that it was , at times hard to keep up with it. Within 5 mins of watching. another two glowing objects , one glowing green and one glowing a kind of yellow appeared out of nowhere and began to dart around the sky around the first red light . The entire event lasted up to 20 mins , but the last two lights were only visible for the last 5 minutes or so . The strange thing was that they seemed to be trying to chase or scare away the red light and it worked because all 3 lights just simply took off at a crazy speed and were all instantly gone , just like that . To this day whenever we all catch up , that event always comes up in conversation and still amazes and confuses us to this day . How could anything travel that fast , come to a complete stop with no inertia at all , then take off at a completely different angle at a phenomenal speed without being held to the laws of our physics ?
