{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5484870.json","updb_database_id":5484870}
sighting in the middle of the night by me and 5 other people

This is the 3rd time I am reporting this, it would be nice to get some kind of response in person other then just an e-mail response.

Hello there, as for directios well they came in mostly from the north, then there where two of them that
also came in from the northwest and fell in line with the first four and then at the same time as the one's
coming fro the northwest there where also two coming in aswell from the north east and them aswell 
aslo fell into line with the rest of them. they all seem to be going south east towards Ft. Chip which is in
Alberta, Canada. At the same ttime just before I started to vidio tape the orbs or ufo's I called my friend
to go out side and look. she also has on her phone two coming off from the north east which in that 
direction of the river that runs alone the town of Ft Smith. All this took place at around 12:30 am .
when I started to vidio tape the ufo's I parked in the fields store parking lots and got out of my taxi cab. 
I also told my passengers to get out look up and watch. There where 5 passengers that I had at the time.

I also found that these orbs or ufo's where spotted flying over thet town around 10:30 earlier that night and 
at the time I seen then they where also spotted around 4:00 to 4:30 am. 

Now I also found out that they where also seen out on Highway 3 going sought and the they where spotted through most of the northern communitties through out the Northwset territorries. I also had it on the cbc
Norhtbeat news cast while that was on some lady tried to say that they where just chinies balloons set off at her birthday but at the same her husband said on face book that they did not do that for her birthday. so the next day I tried to go back into northbeat to see t5he vidio i came them and it was gone. If you want I can send you another copy of that night for I HAVE IT STILL. I also made copies of it. this is something that I will never forget. and i work mostl at night. I am 45 years of age and i am not crazy. I know wath i saw and so does the 5 passengers aI had in my taxi cab. I also have there names aswell. I thank you for your time and hope to here from you again. right know I am trying to find a huge tv so I can enlarge the vidio.
