{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-27 04:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5285870.json","updb_database_id":5285870}
Wiitnessed very bright light that changed direction then instantly accelerated and stopped three times covering 2 miles in .25 seconds 3-4000mph

I am a retired tech engineer and was a commercial pilot in my younger days. Every morning my dog and I walk along Galveston bay around 4:30 or 5:00 am. The night was clear, calm, and the bay was smooth as a pond. Very still. Very quiet. 
As I turned around at (Removed Location to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) to head back home I noticed what at first appeared to be very bright landing lights from an aircraft departing Hobby or Ellington. What initially caught my attention was the absence of any aircraft identification lights. In addition, the craft was not climbing and following any departure path but drifting slowly East - crossing over the bay in the Seabrook/Laporte area. It began to make a gentle arc to the right. Absolute silence. (That time of the night you will hear any aircraft including the "red-eye flights" at altitude ). 

The light remained bright and began to drift perpendicular to me. My first thought was, "why does this guy have his nav lights, beacon, and strobes turned off?" Still no sound whatsoever. I glanced down at my dog and when I did I thought I saw the light jump forward. When I looked back at the light it was still drifting getting closer as it went by me. I chuckled thinking my eyes were playing tricks on me. I then stopped and focused my attention on the light. It drifted a few more seconds then instantaneously accelerated covering about two miles in a quarter of a second then instantly stopped and started slowing gliding again. Absolute quiet. Then it shot forward in the same manner twice again. During each jump, the light was bright clear, and undistorted. If it had been any faster my eyes probably would not have been able to follow it. Each jump seemed to be about two miles.  The light continued to drift east and then abruptly turned off. 
Being a long-time resident I subsequentially plotted the flight path then applied a little navigational trigonometry. Estimating the range from me, It covered about one and a half to two miles in .25 seconds or less. Allowing for a wide fudge factor that would be anywhere from 12000mph to 20000+mph. Maybe more.
As someone who has spent his entire life in aviation and technology, I was completely dumbfounded and I'm still trying to understand it. The physics behind this would have to be thousands of years ahead of us. 
One other thing, when plotting the course is sawed that it had obviously flowed over the Johnson Space center. The corporation I retired from was a government contractor and I had spent much time there over my career. I once asked one of the senior directors there if there were aliens. She said no while nodding her head yes. 
I NOW HAVE PROOF FOR MYSELF THAT EXTRATERRESTRIAL TECHNOLOGY IS ON THIS PLANET.  The energy that has to be expended to perform these maneuvers is astronomical and far beyond anything that can be conjured up by the human mind. 
THERE IS NO MISTAKING WHAT I SAW! IT WAS CLOSE, CLEAR, AND I WATCHED IT FOR 5-7 MINUTES.
There are several houses and the restaurant Noah's Ark there. I going to see if anyone has HD security cameras that cover the bay. If so, I guantee the video will go viral.
