{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-24 05:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5546870.json","updb_database_id":5546870}
Pulsing flashing lights

We are writing this after seeing that another individual wrote in to UFO Stalker for what MUST be the same object that myself and two close friends watched for close to two hours. We were in the area of 27th Avenue just west of US1 and it was very early in the morning. The sky was beginning to get light. We actually had the amazing luck to all be looking up and I was asking my two friends if they knew what a particular constellation was (Orion's Belt) when one of the brightest meteors I've ever seen went directly over head. I have a place in upstate NY and have long been a fan of watching for shooting stars. It is so dark and clear up there that you can see satellites track across the sky all night long. I know the difference between meteors and satellites, stars vs. planets, I have a telescope and have take classes on astronomy when I was younger. 

I was really amazed at the brightness of the meteor... it really had lit up the sky all around it, despite the light pollution of the city all around us. Not to mention that I've never really seen any that bright, and it was incredibly fortunate that all three of us had just happened to be looking in the right direction at the right time. Needless to say, we all started skygazing at that point, and even saw two or three more shooting stars. We were on the top balcony on the 6th floor, and the balcony faces west and has a north/south orientation. While looking around and trying to figure out what some of the other brighter objects we could see were, we noticed a brightly flickering object high in the sky south and slightly east of our position. The more we looked at it, the more it became undeniable that it was stationary, and that it was changing colors and the light coming off of it was really bright. The owner of the apartment had gone to bed, but he keeps a really nice set of binoculars in the living room which we all began taking turns looking thru.

There was NO DOUBT that the object was within the our atmosphere and not a celestial body. You could see the lights changing colors with the naked eye, but with the binoculars it was amazing. We all knew right away the person writing the other report for Miami early in the morning of the 24th was seeing the same thing. We saw planes come and go, saw another two or three fainter shooting stars... but that object sat hovering in the same spot for close to two hours. It looked like it was at high altitude, somewhere over the keys. It was hard to gauge the distance, but it looked like it was maybe 10,000 feet up, and maybe 10 miles to the south. We watched it until we simply couldn't stay awake any longer.

I am writing this report at the same apartment, came back to watch the Dolphins game, and thats when they told me they found the other report. Hence, I felt compelled to write this. I've seen three other strange objects in my life, and even wrote in about one we saw in Brazil back in 2004 I believe. If I can stick around late enough tonight, I plan to establish that that same light is not still there, thus establishing that it indeed was an object hovering there and not just a star or planet we were seeing. 

I wish we'd had any idea of who we could call when that was happening, would have been nice to get the news with a better camera catching it on video. 

JK
