{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-05-15 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5526870.json","updb_database_id":5526870}
UFO sighting in the sky of Brasila City

Well, it happened in 1974 and I was 12 years old. My mother used to pick me and my sister at school at bout 16:30. On that day we gave a ride to two girls who lived in the same block we lived. My mother stoped the car in fornt of these two grils1 house and as thier mother was standing at the porch, waiting for her two daughters to arrive. When we got there everybody went out of the car but me. I was sitting in the front seat when I saw something moving. At first I thought it was a kind of a bug and then I ran my finger all over the windshield from the inside of the car in order to scare that 1bug1 but the 1bug1 continued moving erratically. After a couple of minutes I decided to get out of the car to remove that 1bug1 from the windshield. To my surpreise, there was nothing on the windshield and then I realized that it was not a bug but something in the Sky. It was a sphere shaped object. It1s color was silver. There were no clouds in the Sky at that time. The Sky was perfectly clear and with a very good visibility. I called the rest of the people, I mean, my mother, my sister, the two other girls and their parents who were talking at their house1s porch and I pointed my finger to the Sky so they could see the same thing I was seeing. Then, the object made some impossible zigzag movements and went straight up in the sky disappearing in a strange black circle that formed around it. The bolck I mentioned above was located far from Brasilia downtown and only four stars Generals, the Brazilian Army Minister and fourteen Captains and their families lived there. As a matter of fact, this event was nothing compared to what my sister, my father, my mother and a soldier saw at dawn some weeks later. This later event made my father ask two fighter pilots from the Brazilian Air Force to come to our home. Up to that sighting my father used to make jokes about UFOs but what these two pilots revealed made him change his opinion about it once and for all.
