{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-21 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476870","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3293,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/870/mufon-5476870.json","updb_database_id":5476870}
{jpg} A pulsating extremely white light that did not move in 30 minutes against a clear blue sky

On Friday, April 21, 2017 while fishing on increase Lake East of Beverly, WA and south of Highway 90 by approximately 10 miles an extremely white light caught my attention. This extremely bright light was at or near at 60 degrees above the horizon, That horizon was a desert ridge with no houses or other structures that stretches east to west north of vertical Lake.

This light remained stationary in a clear blue sky for the entire thirty minutes I was able to see it. It would diminish in intensity then increase in intensity, vaguely appearing as a vertical. rectangle. When diminished it appeared that the area immediately around the light vibrated...then the light would again increase in intensity once more.

When it was at full intensity its "whiteness" was greater that the whitest of nearby clouds.

At one point it was obscured by the cloud but with the passage of the small cloud it remained in the original location.

One small plane passed nearby flying west to east at what appeared to be a lower altitude. Two commercial jets flying east from the Seattle area fly over at what appeared to be a high altitude cruising height.

There were various large and small birds during the sighting. 

This is an area also used for military air training but NO military planes were visible during this sighting.

OF NOTE....I COULD ONLY SEE THE LIGHT THROUGH MY POLAROID GLASSES. 

WHEN I REMOVED MY GLASSES I COULD SEE THE AIRPLANES AND THE BIRDS AND EVEN FLYING INSECTS BUT I COULD NOT SEE THE LIGHT. REPLACING MY GLASSES ALLOWED ME ONCE MORE TO SPOT THE LIGHT.

I spend a lot of time outdoors and I have excellent sight. I watch the sky all the time. 

I was careful to observe fixed items in the near to middle ground that I could use to triangulate the location of the light. And, I can say with reasonable confidence that it did not move in 30 minutes while clouds blew by, planes flew over, birds passed by...

I took photos and after an extensive search of those photos using a professional photography app [Lightroom] I was able to locate against the sky a white point of light however I could not capture the pulsated brightness to dimness of the sighting nor could I see the "zone" of wavy lines just around/in front of the light.
