{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-09-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/614/mufon-5286614.json","updb_database_id":5286614}
Descending hovering craft that came very close to our location in 1974

My brother and I were at a boarding school (Native Missionary ran by a family by the name of [name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] outside the town of Hartshorne, Oklahoma in the fall of 1974. There were at least 12+ people that were there to witness this account. This absolutely happened and I am finally willing to retell his event. I don't care if anyone calls me crazy anymore. I know what I saw.
The school was off the main road by at least a mile and was in kind of a remote wooded and hilly section of Oklahoma.
I was only 9 years old at the time but many aspects of this account, I feel it happened just yesterday. I know what I saw, and even knew then, even though I was quite young at the time. I have never seen anything like it since.
A number of children were playing outside of the main house in a sandbox while it was still quite light outside (5pm?, 6pm?). We noticed a craft of some kind way high in the sky (1,000+ feet?) that was not moving like an airplane or any other craft we were familiar with. The craft was hovering and moving very, very slowly. We didn't pay much attention to it as we were playing. However, the craft was still in the sky many minutes later. I assume that one of the children, not me, notified the adults in the house. The craft made an incredibly slow decent on our location. In my young mind, I'd have to say it hovered and descended over a time period of at least an hour. All I remember was that it was daytime and light out when we first saw it and dark when the incident was over.
As the craft was continuing the slow descent it began to attract everyone's attention at the school. There were at least 8 to 10 school-aged children including my brother and myself and at least 2 adults. Most of the witnesses were from the [name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] family.
As the craft got closer, we could see more details. It was definitely disc-shaped and had lights all the way around the middle rim. My memory tells me that the lights were colored. The craft was, as best as I can guess, 30-45 feet in length. I also remember not hearing a sound at all, although my brother states from his memory that he remembers it emanating sound.
It was most definitely dark outside at the end of the episode and this thing had everyone's attention. We were all outside the main house as this craft was nearing the ground. It was hovering above a tree line that was about 50 yards away from the house where we were all standing and watching. I remember, in my young mind, recalling that the craft's descent reaching "two tree lengths" away from the ground. Now as an adult, the distance from the ground was approximately 60 feet from the ground surface. This thing was incredibly close to us.
At that point I remember one of the girls (abut my age) in the school screamed and the oldest [name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] boy (older teen) racing into the house to get a long gun (rifle?, shotgun?). As soon as the boy came out with the gun the craft took off like a shot in a southerly direction never to be seen again. I do not remember any sound at that time either but my brother stated he remembered it putting off a sound.
And just like that the incident was over. There was no time lapse unaccounted for like I hear from other accounts, there were no abductions, there were no sightings of beings/creatures. I feel fortunate that nothing else happened. This was no known craft at the time and even though I was young, I knew this was something otherworldly.
That is my recollection of the event and I have not seen anything like this since. My brother and I talk about this once in awhile but I am glad to share this if this will help someone and/or our country understand these things a little better.
