{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-11 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2778,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/614/mufon-5486614.json","updb_database_id":5486614}
{nd} Three dim and orangeish objects flying high speed and altitude flying east south east in a triangular formation.

After dinner I was out walking my poodle on our back road. Unusually clear I was looking upward in hopes of catching a early Geminid Meteor. I had just observed a satellite on a near polar orbit, but slightly more westerly then usual. I lost sight of it over my northern horizon. I swung my eyesight to the west when I noticed three dim and orange like objects traveling at high speed toward slightly south of my zenith in a east south east direction estimated 110 to 120 degrees. They were traveling very fast from horizon to horizon in close to 5 seconds. Their color appeared orangeish to me as if their speed colliding with atoms in the atmosphere produced some glow but the craft themselves appeared cool, and silent. Most noticeably was that no sonic boom was generated. That is a little spooky.
They seemed to really slice through our atmosphere. All though they were in a triangle formation, the southerly craft was wavering slightly from the others. Very slightly as if it was a routine flight, if piloted the controller was feeling the stick a little. This was my thought, all though I am still tingling a little knowing some things about physics and these craft were defying the laws of nature with their high speed silent travel. I so hope somebody else saw them. In 2008, I reported a perfectly rectangular green glowing object descending slowly and to the west on hwy 97 south of Toppenish Washington where I was returning home. That experience has really stuck with me being such a mystery. Being an astronomer I've always believed that if there was an advanced type of beings that we accidently see for what ever reason from time to time near and around us that they've been right here all along. Advanced and multidimensional, but still it's just to far to travel from star to star. Stuck here like we are, but very advanced. Or those were military objects in my sky tonight. Much too fast. They were as real as anything. I don't understand. I hope someone saw them. I will never forget this experience, and the 2008 experience. Both now very heavy on my mind.
