{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/614/mufon-5496614.json","updb_database_id":5496614}
{rjl} Two objects with lights hovering and moving around above a field and trees.

So first off understand that I have nothing to do with this as a witness to this incident, or anything to do with the people involved, but I am only reporting this as I would like to know more about it myself, and the fact that possibly it was never reported or thoroughly investigated. Perhaps it was, and MUFON has already investigated this, I don't know that, but just putting this out there in case it was not.

Several years back I saw a video online of what was showing two mysterious objects hovering and floating around above a field and trees. Originally, to my recollection the video was unedited, and had several portions of the video where the objects were no longer visible from sight. The video was nearly 12-15 minutes long in its entirety. The comments on the video were of the most part negative, claiming the objects to merely be tractors. I agree with the fact the arrangement of lighting does look like that of a tractor. But the way the objects float and seemingly dance around definitely gives one the impression that these objects are not on the ground, but hovering through the air.

It was probably days, perhaps weeks later, when I had went back to view the video to find the original replaced with a shorter, edited video, showing a brief analysis of the video, which showed to prove that the objects were actually hovering in the sky as opposed to driving on the ground.

I know the above states to not include a URL link, but I am doing so to show the video it is that I am referring to. Again please note, I do not know the parties involved with this video! I am sending this report to you, because I myself would like to know more about it, and the fact that there are no other UFO videos out there, that truly give me the goosebumps more than this video itself.

I myself really believe the video and objects to be genuine. What they are? I have no clue, but it honestly scares the crap out of me, and most the folks I show it to are generally creeped out as well.

The video can be seen here: [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

Thanks for taking the time to review my concern of this topic. I really appreciate it, and look forward to hearing back from you in the near future.

Thank you so much!
