{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-25 19:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/614/mufon-5481614.json","updb_database_id":5481614}
{dr}Star like object that stayed on a straight path that had a variable bright orange/yellow glow that traveled slow.

I was standing in my back yard observing distant storm clouds in the east around 1925 on July 25th 2016.
At this time, I caught a gimps of a bright object just beyond the trees to my east and at first I thought it may be a bright satellite which would have been impressive for that time of the day.
We also live within a flight path so I thought it could be a plane.
As it cleared the biggest tree and came into view, I could tell that it was not a plane, was to low to be a satellite and to slow as well.It looked to be within 5 miles away and from my prospective,just above the trees as the pictures will show.
I continued to watch as it traveled in a straight line from approx. the North East to the South and eventually lost sight when it was obscured by more trees in my line of sight.
The reason I report now is because I had forgotten that I did take some pictures and hope that at a minimum, someone may be able to enhance them enough to make out what this may be.
I wish I had a better story to tell but that is about it. I know what satellites look like, planes, helicopters, stars, Chinese lanterns and drones. I can honestly say that I am baffled by this and "thankfully"
I had the sense enough to take a series of pictures.
The first photo is of the area of the observation.
Photos 2-4 are in order and show the object and path.
I have geo. location and time date stamp on the photos.

About 2.5 years ago I witnessed a similar object with the same characteristics while on the roof at work in the city of Syracuse.
The same distance away, the same height in the sky the same speed, it was on a East to west path at approx. 2100 hours in September or October.
Unfortunately I did not have the sense of mind to take pictures, I was just surprised and mesmerized and thought no one would believe this and forgot about until now.
If this turns out to be something of this earth, then I am sorry to waist your time. Thank you for looking into this..
