{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-03 08:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/614/mufon-5483614.json","updb_database_id":5483614}
{cak} was photographing local buzzards and didn't even realize I had photographed such an object. Sky was clear, no clouds, no air traffic. Just the bird and a beautiful blue sky that morning.

On Tuesday May 3rd at 8:50am, I was outside of my house photographing one our local groups of buzzards as they flew past my home. After I snapped off a few images of one particular bird, they flew off. After they were out of sight I decided to take a quick peek at the panel on my camera (Canon Rebel T3i) to do a quick edit (ie... delete obvious blurry pics before post processing) ;)
When I opened the viewer on my camera and after examining a couple images, I came across this one. 
Facts are this, there was not a single cloud in the sky that morning or any air traffic that I could see or, find any record of. There was no wind that I remember and no debris flying around. The bird itself was not carrying anything as I tracked the same bird for a few minutes and never noticed anything other than the bird and a blue beautiful sky. No sound, nothing, just incredibly calm. The sun was at my back as I was photographing in a west to North West direction. All other frames have nothing in them but the bird I was photographing. I took a total of 8 images and all but this one are a bird and a blue sky. 
I am a very seasoned wildlife/landscape photographer and am very good about cleaning my lenses before each use. TBQH, after 16 years behind the lens, I am just really stunned at this object in the frame as I did not see anything other than the bird and a beautiful blue sky in the background. 
I have run this image through a series of filters; a standard light monochrome, blue and green filters. Separately, each has revealed a great portion of the detail in that object. The object in a monochrome tone reveals a disc like object moving at what seems an incredible speed. I merely say this as my camera shutter was set at 1/250 and I was tracking the bird with my camera, meaning I was following the movement of the bird with my body and camera and there is still a slight streak coming off the side of the object in a direction that indicates it was still traveling faster than my shot. The bird however does not show much sign of streaking which again validates, for me, the two objects, the bird and UFO, are traveling at very different speeds,different dof and directions all together.The only digital manipulation was tone and conversion from raw/to jpeg.
There are many more things I would love to say about this experience but the highlight would be this. I use to be fairly skeptical around this issue but for the love of life I can't debunk this as a normal object. What makes me a tad nervous is the object was there and gone without a sound. No sonic boom, no wind gushing as it is headed in my direction; Just nothing but this elusive image of something that is definitely out of the norm and was not there when I took the picture. Even after showing this to as many credible people in fields that pertain to this image and the elements within, leave me and many, stumped.
Until somebody tells me otherwise and can make a very good case of it, I have no choice but to believe what I see. This image has left me a little frustrated and has definitely changed my life in a few areas. This experience has ultimately left me with one conclusion; the equal sign is still empty on the right side and oddly enough, I can't stop looking up when I go outside.
