{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458614","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2668,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/614/mufon-5458614.json","updb_database_id":5458614}
{tjd} 3 Bright lights hovering and then disappearing in Nevada

While staying at a hotel near the Hoover Damn in Nevada, my husband and I came outside just after midnight. I sat in a chair in front of the room as he went to get something out of his truck. I looked up in the sky facing NW and saw 3 bright lights in a row and sitting at about a 45 degree angle. I am used to seeing planes fly through these skies all night long, but these 3 lights were especially bright and the light in the middle appeared to flash or burn like when looking at a star. I staired at the lights and noticed tiny little plane lights off in every direction, but they were all moving at a flying pace and were needle like sizes in comparison to the lights I saw. The lights continued to hover over the building as if it were flying straight toward me, but then without changing size or shape, the lights began to drift to my left. They drifted left, they dipped down a hair, came back up, drifted further left, began to head downward, then to the right. As they drifted back to the right the lights became smaller as it disappeared in the distance behind a palm tree and at that time I was already walking towards it to get behind the palm tree and building as fast as I could. A few seconds later when I reached the back of the building, the lights were nowhere in sight for as far as I could see. My husband yelled for me and asked what I was doing and I told him I was looking for 3 strange lights that I had just seen in the sky. He came to where I was and we watched the sky for a few minutes as I explained to him what I saw, and neither of us saw them again. As I looked at all the other planes or stars in the sky, I couldnt explain why the lights were so much larger than anything else in the sky and they faced me the entire time until they disappeared. All I could think of was that if it were a tilted plane flying toward me, it would still be there, or would have even flown over me by then.
