{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65020","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5494454.json","updb_database_id":5494454}
{dr}Walking to the car, clear night, out of nowhere streaks across sky, ten minutes later helicopter fly in same direction

I am writing this on April 27 2015, starting time 6:30pm.........

So after a night of TV shows on the Dvr, my sister and I had to go the gas station for cigarettes. This is like 12:50am, im pretty sure of the time and you'll see why. We exited the door, now my house sits up pretty high. There are 16 steps to walk down b4 u reach the sidewalk so my view of the sky is pretty good on a clear night. So we walk to the car that's across the street. The car is parked so that the passenger side is on the other side walk. Ok, my sister's the driver. So we're walking to the car, backs to the house, I go to open the door and see it streaking above my house for just about 3 seconds. I ask to my sister, "Did you see that" she didn't because her back is towards the house and she's opening the door.  The best way I can describe is that it looked like a upside down trident, but more crescent moon like. It had a small tail to it. I lost site of it because it went behind my house. So we drive to the gas station, and on our way back stop pass a friends house. She goes in, I'm sitting in the car with no music so I can hear and see anyone maybe creeping up to the car tryna carjack us being the neighborhood I live in. I started to hear propellers in the distance coming so I looked at the clock and it was 1:03am. Then I turned around in my seat bcuz now I can really hear it now. Look out the back window and see the helicopter lights fly by. Bout 2 minutes after my sister comes out, get in the car and we go back home. I tell my sister "why when u was in the house a helicopter was riding this way" and I pointed in the direction it was going. We get back to the house, I tell my brother what happened. About 15 minutes total, from us coming back in the door, all of a sudden we all heard like 2 helicopters flying by. I said " See y'all, I told u I seen a helicopter when we left", we all jus listened to them fly by. So I asked my brother is there some way I can find out if someone reported seeing anyanything. He gave me this website and here I am.
