{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5472454.json","updb_database_id":5472454}
{cak} got up at 11:50pm when checked the clock 3:38am Missing time. This was the 4th time in 7 months. Morning round scabe on head with dried blood to nape of neck. 4 different events of missing time.

In the kitchen at 11:50pm making sleep tea. Looked out the window in the back door and saw a deer like animal about 10 feet from the door. It's body was barrel shaped, post set on legs, body to long for normal deer, to tall and head moved up and down, left and right. No movement to the ears. Have watch a doe with her fawn for past 6 wks eating plants in my flower garden. This night the doe and fawn went flying in full panic mode between the swing set and this other deer. This animal just watched it fly by and looked back at me. Normal deer would followed these two and not have just stood there. I have jumped deer walking and watched them flee. This doe and fawn were just a flash.

Would like you to know that I have selected sires for a dairy herd for over 20 years and know how to judge an animals appearance.  We have had up to eight deer outside the house during the winter months. This one was not normal in any regard. 

The next thing I see are two black eyes in front of my face, turned to leave the door and felt cold air on my back. Did not fully make the turn, was still bring by left foot forward when the eyes were in front of me again. I could not move and did not want it in my house. Could feel heat on top of my head that grew more intense along with the feeling of complete and total peace. Tranquility, but did not want it there, but it felt so good I was no longer able to stop it from happening. Next thing I know I'm standing about 5ft from the door with my house coat tied all bunched up at my waist feeling disoriented and like something is wrong, not right. When I check the time it was 3:38am the next morning.

In the morning woke up with a small round scab on top my head with dry, totally dehydrated blood to the nape of my neck and a small lump on my head. By night there were small welts on my lower legs. These went away with in 12 hrs and new ones would come, this went on for two to two a half week and itched like crazy. Used all kind of lotions, nothing total took the itching away.
