{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73253","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5486454.json","updb_database_id":5486454}
{rjl} Ball or sphere of bright white light

PLACE: On Lake Mead, Lake Mead Rec Area Nevada
WHAT WAS TAKING PLACE: Fishing from boat on Lake Mead at night
(2100-2130)
WHY NOTICED: I was fishing on the stern of the boat facing towards the Black Mtns, south of my position; my friend was fishing in the bow of the boat facing to the east or west. There were no other boats that I could see or hear. At that location, and late at night, you can see and hear at very far distances. It is very dark, as there were only a few lights at the marina, about a 1/2 to 1 mile from our location. While just looking to the south, waiting for a fish to bite, all at once this very bright orb of light came out of the water about 500 ft to a mile directly in front of me. I yelled at my friend to look towards me, and he only had to turn a short ways in his swivel chair to see the object. He said what the heck was that? I said, "I don't believe it, was that a UFO that just came out of the water?" My friend said "Yea right, next we'll be seeing aliens swimming around our boat". From the moment I saw it, and I was looking exactly to where the object came out of the water, until it was out of sight, was no more than 3 seconds. In other words, there was basically no hesitation from when the object broke the surface, until it flew straight up into the sky. I would say it's angle of attack was about 40-45 degrees. I felt that at the estimated distance from our boat, the object was of some major size, not just an object the size of a basketball or the like. It was so bright, the actual size and characteristics of the object could not be determined by my naked eyes.
FEELINGS: It has been about 10-11 years since this event happened, and have not told more than 2 people about it. I've been meaning to send this event to MUFON for some years, and today while watching Hanger 1: UFO Files, about USO's, I felt I just had to finally get this off my chest. I must say that I have seen some other programs on USO's, and I am a firm believer in them. I saw three UFO's in formation in the Colorado mountains when I was about 10, and I also experienced UFO's in Vietnam in 1966. So seeing this object come out of the water didn't scare me, but did highten my interest in them.
