{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-13 06:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5505454.json","updb_database_id":5505454}
{cak} two white lights moving across sky-one changes direction goes back and then stops

I came outside this morning to smoke a cigarette around 6:15AM . It was still dark out. My back yard faces due North and as I was by the pool I caught two lights traveling across the sky from the north east heading in a southwest direction around 6:20AM. They were high up in the sky around 70 degrees off the horizon. The second light was on the same exact path as the first but following at a separation of about 5 seconds. I watched them for about a minute thinking they were satellites but then the second one stopped and reversed course for about 10 seconds and then just stopped. Prior to the second one reversing course there was a quick red flash behind him but I couldnt see what did the flash. The second light had reversed course and went back to the area of the red flash and then just became stationary.This would have been at a heading of around 270 The first light continued on for about 10 seconds then it also stopped and became stationary. I watched for a few minutes but nothing else happened. I went in to the house to make sure my son was getting ready for school. After that I went to the west side of my house to take the garbage can out and when I went to go back in my side gate I caught a light moving from the same direction the first one had stopped. This light had now continued on but had changed its course to a East to south east heading and came almost directly overhead of me. As it was moving a quick white flash occurred in front of it about 2 seconds distance of the object. It was almost like a camera flash. I have a small camcorder I keep in my jacket pocket so I flipped it back on and recorded this object moving. When I went to review my video this morning it didn't record anything accept the last few seconds as I lowered it to turn it off. It was like it was never running until the last few seconds but I know it was because my red recording light was going plus I have two seconds of recording on it. Very weird and this is a new camera. So nothing I filmed on this object including the white flash which I knew I captured is on my recording. I should have had at least 20 seconds of video not 2 seconds. I cant say for sure this object was the same object as the first one but when I looked at the area that it had stopped at I no longer could see it so I am pretty sure it was the same one. Had the second object not stopped and reversed course I would have been sure they were satellites.
