{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-24 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5290454.json","updb_database_id":5290454}
At 11:30 approximately, I stepped out into the back yard and observed a light coming in low on the horizon far away. We videoed i as it passed over.

At approximately 11:30 pm December 24, 2020 I observed a bright orange light approaching from the North East.  The rate at which it grew in size alarmed me, thinking I may be witnessing an incoming meteor. I called to my wife to come see this.  She came running with her phone, and began to record.  At the point of the recording we have landmarks which can be used to determine out precise position and landmarks in the video to determine the exact elevation.  Since it was dark, the IPhone is not the best for capturing what is being seen with your eyes.  so the focus would blur in and out.  In the video when the object appears to be a defined oval shape that most accurately represents what we saw..  The object passed at about a 40 degree angle, and we lost it due to the house and neighbors house.  So my wife and I ran to the Front yard.  Picked it back up and watch it fly to the horizon and vanish due to distance and haze.  This was an object.  Defined shape that moved completely silent.  I am former Air Force and I can affirm this was not any Military jet that I am familiar with.  Not quiet.... Silent.  No contrail despite its speed.  Within the glow of the surface which my initial thoughts where a forcefield bubble.  It was like a strong orange glow that the impression within was of an Angelic shape.  Like looking through a curved Oval Orange Orb.  I would not describe it as a tic tac. it was not prolonged. It was more lick a squashed sphere. I have video which I do not consent to giving you along with this report, put will instead post it publicly myself.  I do not consent to any ownership or grant MUFON any rights to anything other than my account of this sighting.  The attached images are screenshots taken from the video we recorded at time slots 00:001 second,  00:14 seconds, and 00:35 seconds.  these best show what we both saw. though much is lost.
