{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5497454.json","updb_database_id":5497454}
{nd} the object landed in our back hay field . what appeared to be short people got out by way of a ramp . they walked round the object and then got bavk in and the object took off .

I was about 6 or 7 years old at the time . I woke up from sleep and heard my parents haveing a loud conversation . I went in to our kitchen and asked what was up ?? my father said you need to go back to bed , my mother said she thought i ought to see what was happening . my mother and i walked out to the out side steps and she told me to look at the back hay field . what i saw has stayed with me every day following this ! i still see the haze in the air around the object and the very little people walking around the object . there was no real defind shape other than it looked to be sort of oval and sort of big . the next day when i got home from school i did my chores and the went and asked my mom where my dad was . She told me he had been in the back hay field all day . I went out to the field and found my dad paceing the field from one spot to another to another . when i asked what he was looking at he pointed at the ground and i saw that there was a bare spot there . My father showed me two other bare spots in the field . i knew that there were no bare spots in the field because i had walked the field with my father the day before ! in the years following this these bare spots never grew in . my father tried every the he could think of to get something to grow in those spots . there was a picture of the object in the Dexter news paper the following day of the even . I was the one who said the picture in the paper was from behind our barn . My father and mother both said it was . I knew it was from behind our barn because there was a tree in the picture in the frame with the edge of a small pond by it . then a fence and then the field with the object in it setting on the ground .
