{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-09-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511454","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/454/mufon-5511454.json","updb_database_id":5511454}
{nd} Fat brightly glowing pinkish-yellow-gray football shaped disc with light racing around the outside edge parallel to the ground.

My parents and I had spent the afternoon walking in the Mianus River Park in Greenwich, CT one Sunday afternoon in 1979. As we started down Cognewaugh Rd. toward Stanwich Rd., I noticed a bright white light in the Northwest sky. It caught my attention because of its brightness and size and also because it seemed too early for a star to be out. It was nearing dusk but the sun had not set yet. I continued to watch the light out the back window of the car as we made our way down Stanwich Rd. toward town. The light appeared to be getting brighter and larger. At some point I described what I was seeing to my mother, who was riding in the front passenger seat. She didn't have any trouble spotting it and became equally, if not more curious than I was. After a few miles, we turned right on a winding road that took us to North Street. Dont remember the name of the road. Anyway, this road connecting Stanwich Rd and North Street had a lot of ups and down and sharp turns, yet we were able to continue tracking object. It almost seemed like it was following us. While travelling 3 or 4 miles down North St., we lost sight of the object a couple times, but whenever we picked it back up it was clearly getting larger, brighter and closer. It was about this time that we began to get a little excited because it did not appear to be a helicopter or plane with lights on it; instead, it was looking like a solid mass of very bright light. At the end of North St, we turned left onto Maple Ave and went about 1/4 mile or so to our driveway. My father had been concentrating on driving, hadnt looked up or been interested in seeing what we were seeing, despite our increasing excitement. As soon as we pulled into the driveway, my mother and I hopped out of the car and immediately looked back in the direction of North Street. Thats when the craft -- a large glowing pinkish yellow-gray football shaped disc with a light rotating around it very fast -- came gliding slowly and silently right over the trees across the street from us (about an 80 degree angle), over the Greenwich Womens Club and South in the direction of the Boston Post Road. Having just seen an actual spaceship at close-range, my mother and I jumped in the car and took off in the direction of the craft was going. At the end of our street, we took a left on the Boston Post Road and sped about 1 mile to the top of Puts Hill, where we spotted the craft just above the treeline. My mother pulled into the parking lot of the Shalom Temple, where we got out and looked up in absolute amazement. We walked out to the sidewalk and watched as the craft slowly glided out from over the Millbrook neighborhood, over the Post Road we were standing on and over the Greenwich High football field. The ship was quite large, about twice the size of a C-17 perhaps. The whole ship was glowing but an even brighter light was rotating around it counterclockwise. As it crossed the Post Road it seemed to wobble just a bit. Again, it was completely silent, which was just astonishing because of its size and how close we were to it. After passing over the football field, the ship shot straight up and out of sight in a split second. AMAZING. It was so fast that it was almost comparable to simply disappearing. There was just the faintest trace left behind of it going straight up. The sun had dropped over the horizon somewhere back on North Street before we pulled into the driveway, so the ship disappeared about 15 minutes post sun set. Still plenty of light out. It was the kind of light, for example, that would have been enough to finish up a baseball game on a field without artificial lights. The umpire would be speeding things up with an ever-widening strike zone perhaps, but it was your textbook dusk lighting when the whole thing was over. After it disappeared, we rushed home and my mother called the Greenwich Police, who said their phones were ringing off the hook with sightings. They said several of their most senior officers had called to report seeing the craft up close and that they were just as awestruck as we were. That was that. Never saw anything in the newspaper or on television. Didnt hear anything at school. Maybe a week later my mother had heard that shed heard a local restaurant/hotel called the Showboat was advertising something with a plane that had lights on it, possibly the same night. But we, of course, knew what wed seen up close and while it was still light out. It was a solid object that seemed to be solid steel glowing yellowish pink with the light revolving around it -- nothing remotely like a plane or any other earthly aircraft. it was silent, enormous and disappeared vertically in a half-second right in front of us. My mother and I have brought it up to each other every once in a blue moon just to remember and shake our heads in astonishment again, but we both know that theres no point in trying to convince anybody that we saw what we saw. Neither do either of us feel like we have a need to do so. I know I didn't talk about it to classmates because I was 13 years old and right in the middle of that awkward period in junior high school where youre trying to figure out where you fit in, etc. and was not about to announce to anyone that Id seen an actual UFO. Well, not really a UFO -- it was a spaceship from another plant, no question about it.
