{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-01-12 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95627","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5465163.json","updb_database_id":5465163}
{rjl} Was on airplane returning to NY. We flew over NASA. A few minutes later, over water I noticed an orange orb. It kept pace with the plane for some time and got closer to us.

I was flying to NY from Ft.Lauderdale. It was 1996 and my original flight was delayed by days due to a blizzard on the East Coast.
Not long into the flight the flight attendant made an announcement that we would be flying over NASA and the Space Shuttle could be seen on the launchpad as it was scheduled to take off early the following morning. We were directed to look below, to the right.
Fortunately we were seated on the right and treated to a pristine view of the Shuttle. All of NASA was bright and busy. The view lasted a few minutes and people returned to their seats. 
We were now flying over water. The people in front of and behind me pulled down their window shades. I was flying with a child and we continued looking outside. Within a minute or two we noticed an orb. It was perfectly round and orange. It either got bigger and bigger or closer and closer or both. It looked as though there was a belt across the center that had fluid movement to it like lava flowing counter clockwise. Directly above and below this band didn1t seem to be affected by its movement except I could see slight heat distortion like looking at a roaring fireplace. If there was any sound emitted, it wasn1t louder than the Delta plane noise.
I got the attention of the flight attendant. When she came over I very discretely asked her if she knew what that was. She had to bend down to my level to see it. She watched for several 
seconds before she turned to me and said,1I have no idea. I1m going to ask the pilot!1
She returned about ten minutes later and said,1The pilot said he has no idea what it is either.1
At which time the child asked me if he could pull down the window shade. I gave him permission to and the rest of the flight was uneventful save for a knowing nod and nervous smile from the flight attendant.
