{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-17 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59981","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5499163.json","updb_database_id":5499163}
{rjl} Massive sized triangle over Gulf Shore, Alabama

My family and I were vacationing in Gulf Shores, Alabama, the week of September 13 through the 20th. On the evening of September 17, 2014, we had been fishing on the docks behind our condo unit. Shortly after 9 P.M., I returned to the condo to prepare for bed. My family continued to fish. After showering, I walked onto the balcony, picked up the binoculars and scanned the sky. There had been a heavy cloud cover most of the day and was still present that night. The cloud cover was so thick I could observe no stars or planets. As I turned to my right, which would be a SW directions, I saw 3 finger tipped sized yellow lights in a triangular pattern with a large expanse between them. I cleaned the binocular lens to be sure I was not picking up reflection from dust or moisture. As I watched the objects hovering just below the dense dark clouds, it became obvious it had a huge dark dense mass and triangular form. It appeared to be hovering perhaps a half mile from my location with one light over highway 59 west, one over water but close to the beach shore area and one light probably 300 to 400 feet out into the gulf, but it was so dark with cloud coverage it was difficult to judge distance. It appeared to hover, but slowly pivoted to change to a more southern direction. I watched for about ten minutes and went inside to get a drink of water. When I returned to the balcony a minute or two later, it was gone. The distance between lights and the dark density of the mass made me think of the Phoenix sighting several years ago. I have observed several UFO's over the years, but nothing this size before. I make an effort to eliminate other possibilities before stating an object is a UFO. I do not react with fear of them but just silently observe them when I have seen them. I will add that the object could not be seen at all with the naked eye but only with my binoculars, yet, no stars at all could be seen. I do not have video or photos of the sighting.
