{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5486163.json","updb_database_id":5486163}
Bright orange ball flew in sky left to right, stopped & flew back the way it came.

I was leaving my parent's place with my son & daughter this evening. As we walked down the driveway, my daughter exclaimed 'What's that?!' I looked up and saw an orange light in the sky flying from left to right, on a steady path. It was closer than a satellite would be, so I said it was probably an airplane. We watched it for a few minutes and got into the truck. Then I kept watching it, because an airplane doesn't look so bright, nor does it look orange. At least, none that I've ever seen. I tried taping it with my cell phone. Of course it looks a bazillion times smaller on my cell than it did with us just looking directly at it. As it flew by initially, it seemed higher in the sky. But as time went by, it seemed to be larger in appearance. Like it was getting closer to the ground? Even though it was still quite high in the sky. Then suddenly it looked as though a flame was coming off of it, or under it. Or a reflection of light was coming off of it? I can't explain it the way I saw it... and unfortunately my video doesn't do it justice. Not one bit. I have no idea what it was. Anyway, all of a sudden it stopped and just kinda sat motionless in the sky. Then it started backtracking its 'flight path'. I thought that was kinda weird. It was too bright to be a helicopter. And planes don't do that. We don't have a military base nearby or anything weird like that around. It was a bit unsettling so I kinda grabbed my kids and we ran back into my parents home. Kinda silly. I know. We stayed in there for a minute or so and went back outside and it was nowhere in sight. So we took off towards home (which would be in the 'left' direction from their place. As we left the neighbourhood and got onto the main road, my daughter claims she saw it on my side of the vehicle, tree-height, maybe 5 houses length away from the main road. My parents live in a fairly wooded area on the slight outskirts of town. Now, I can't confirm that sighting since I didn't see it myself. I dunno if I'm wasting anyone's time with this, but someone told me to report this to MUFON and see if someone could enhance my video and picture, to see if they can see anything of value. I'm not sure it's possible, but it can't hurt- right?? Anyway thanks for your time! (Again, I'm super sorry that the picture and video is so crappy, and I turned off my video real quick because I thought I was wasting my time, and kinda freaked out lol but I don't know what kind of technology you folks have, so hopefully you can decipher this for me. I'm really interested in knowing what it might've been).
