{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2189,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5527163.json","updb_database_id":5527163}
Two UFO sighting in Southington Ct. The first sighting looked like a Sphere and the second looked like a star.

I have had two UFO sightings. The first sighting was about 10 years ago. I was leaving a friend1s house at 11 pm driving north, I saw a very large round object, and I would say it was as larger as a football field and round. I was about a half mile with no large trees to blocking this object when I first spotted it. It was very close to tree top level and going west across the road I was driving on. I did not here any noise coming from it. It had lights under and on the circumference. The object looked black. The object went over the road and from there I could not see it anymore because of the trees. I could not continue to follow this object because the road was North .
 
The second UFO sighting really scared me. About three years ago, I was sitting on my outside deck watching the night sky. Sometimes I follow what I think is a satellite and see how long it takes to travel a certain distance. I was watching this object in the sky what looked like a star traveling for around ten minutes. This object stopped and for the next ten to fifteen minutes, many more objects joined the one I was watching. There must have been twenty or so, they formed a Vee formation with the first object I was watching in the lead. The objects in this formation then started traveling at a high speed across the sky until they was gone. 
My question is: Has anybody seen anything like this before. I though we were going to be invaded. I know this sounds crazy but this is what I saw that night.
