{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-28 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5495163.json","updb_database_id":5495163}
{dr}Two metallic orbs moving in tandem across sky then disappeared suddenly

My husband and I were strolling the boardwalks along Morro Bay at a slow relaxed pace. It was mid-late afternoon but the sun was still brightly shining. When I turned away from the bay and looked up, I noticed the moon in the sky although it was still pretty sunny. I pointed this out to my husband saying "wow, you can see the moon already, I guess its getting late" but since daylight savings time went into effect a couple of weeks ago, it's been hard to calculate the time recently. It was then that my husband questioningly asked "Is that..are those...birds?" But then he immediately said "oh my gosh, look! Do u see that?" He paused a few seconds and then said "that's not a bird or an airplane, oh my gosh, look!" It was then that I too saw the two objects moving across the sky like the speed of an airplane but the two objects seemed much closer to us than an airplane. There were two extremely bright, metallic orbs in the sky and they moved in tandem, at a steady pace, as if connected possibly because they were so in sync with each other. As they moved across the sky away from us, they seemed farther away then when we first saw them.  When we first noticed them, they seemed so close to us because of how well we could see them and their detail. We were stunned and our sight fixed on the objects quite in disbelief. Then they suddenly disappeared. My husband didn't see them again, but I thought I saw them for a moment again, and then they vanished like turning off a light switch. They didn't fade away or zoom off out of our sight, they just popped off. That's the best way to describe it. We were bewildered after this happened and immediately looked around to see if anyone else was seeing what we saw, but folks aren't looking up at the sky in the opposite direction of Morro Bay or the rock. Most folks were either in restaurants, on the water in canoes/boats or on the boardwalk observing nature, not the sky. I looked around a lot to find someone else also looking up as I desperately wanted someone else to say "did you see that?" as we were both feeling uneasy and in need for some affirmation outside of ourselves. It may seem wierd, but we just kept walking along and continued to enjoy the afternoon, not really talking about it as I think we were both in disbelief, but as the night came we talked about it a little more wishing we had a camera or binoculars to affirm what we saw. We decided to make this report in hopes that someone else saw this also in Morro Bay today or in the surrounding area. Thanks for hearing our story. [Names removed/cms/tg]
