{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-01 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78865","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5481163.json","updb_database_id":5481163}
The object(s) were in a V-shaped formation. Nine star-sized lights in total were witnessed.

1. I was outside my apartment having a cigarette with my neighbor and her friend when the event took place. It was a very peaceful evening, quiet, good weather, scattered clouds. which made it an ideal day for looking at stars.
2. after while of stargazing I caught a fast moving object out of the corner of my eye.
3. Originally I thought this object was a low satellite or some military aircraft, as NATO is doing aircraft training exercises in the area.
4. The object(s) in question composed of a V-shaped formation, several(9-1) orbs or star-like balls of light. It was moving at speeds I have never seen before. At an estimated Mach 5-10, depending on altitude (which I estimate at 50,000 - 100,000 feet) This formation had a solid V-shape, however, two other objects orbited around the solid formation in a very unnatural manner. The main formation moved in a straight line of flight, with the orbiting objects following it the entire way. I observed NO sound from this object. 
5. My feelings during this event were sheer disbelieve and amazement. I pointed up and asked if my neighbor or her friend saw the object. Unfortunately, by the time they looked up and I pointed them in the right direction, the object was gone. I felt a very odd sensation after seeing the object, almost like the hairs on the back of my neck were standing up. However I have had no negative feelings about the object. It interested and fascinated me. 
6. I lost sight of the object when it went behind the clouds, it was only visible for about 5-8 seconds total. 

-I want to thank whoever has taken the time out of their day to read and review my report. This object I have observed is NOT the first I have seen Since I have moved to Denmark. I have observed six (not including this event) other instances of UFOs in my area. I am certain this last event will not be the last. Due to the speed and unpredictability of said objects, I have not been able to get much photo or video records. However I will make steps to further investigate on my own time and collect proper evidence. Which I will send to MUFON directly. I would very much like to work together with MUFON and solve this as a team. Any and all feedback or contact from MUFON would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your time and your work.
