{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-09 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2939,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5473163.json","updb_database_id":5473163}
Series of small orbs flashed sequentially over sky, then large disc shape flashed lights sequentially over road (low cloud cover). Then, all lights went in all directions and disappeared.

Ottawa, Ontario, Canada at 9:20 pm. Driving towards downtown on Bronson Avenue near Carleton University. Overcast skies, low clouds. I noticed in the sky directly in front of me a large number of small lights (about 20-30 lights) flashing in the sky just above clouds in sequential pattern format (like choreography - travelling in a light pattern. At first, I thought it was a light show of some sort, but then realized that the light show was directly over the 6 lanes of road, so the light show idea could not make sense at all. Then, noticed a larger series of lights in the form of a disc quite low behind the clouds, just over the road ahead of me. The lights flashed in a sequential format - a few white lights at a time, rotating around in a circle format (from this format, I could tell it was a disc shape object, by the way the lights were forming a perfect circle). Then, as I continued driving closer to downtown, I looked out the car window again and saw the lights take off in all different directions and then vanish in the night sky. 

Since I was driving, I was not able to take photos. I quickly turned around and watched the sky to the south direction on the same road, but saw nothing. 

I wonder if anyone else noticed as it was quite a spectacle in the sky for just a few (5) minutes, but clearly something other than an airplane (round, no sound, hovering low in the sky just behind the clouds, sequential flashing lights). And, when the lights took off in all directions, again no sound, just ultra fast dispersement and then nothing. No one can convince me that this light display was fireworks, a low-flying plane, a weather balloon, etc. This was clearly something beyond comprehension. It would be interesting to see other reports from Ottawa tonight - all seeing the same thing as we saw.

It was quite thrilling to see something of this size. It was HUGE. And the smaller lights with it - about 20 or 30 all travelling together. WOW.

And, no - I was not drinking or taking any drugs. I had a clear head, good vision, and sound mind. My husband was with me in the car and he saw the exact same things that I saw. Two witnesses.
