{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5511163.json","updb_database_id":5511163}
{cak} Me and my friend both saw this flying V, looked darker than the night sky, but no noise, then cloaks right above us.

Me and a girl friend of mine just pulled up to my Moms house in West Tawakoni. I remember the night because it was The Perseid Meteor Shower on Saturday, August 11th, 2012. As we step outside of her van i pick up on a magnetic feeling, like the one where even if you have your eyes closed you can FEEL a TV turn on. I said "LOOK!" And as we looked up, coming over the treeline heading due south, a couple of acres south of Lake Tawakoni, probably 50- 100ft up, flew a dark flying V. The color of the metallic bottom was like a dark blue that was a shade darker than the night sky. There were light lining the outside edges of each "wing" of the V. The lights were white/ yellow. The aircraft made no noise and appeared to not travel all that fast. Maybe 60 - 100mph. I must stress that the most eerie part aside than its exit was its absolute silence. We told each other later that we could "Feel" that it knew of our witnessing. I felt like for a moment that I was making "mental eye contact" Its exit from our sight is hard to describe: Imagine an invisible line that as the ship passed through it, those parts in front of the line were invisible, and as it drove into the line it seemed to either "cloak from the nose down" or possibly entered a wormhole, which is crazy to think there could be such a wormhole above my mothers house. This isnt my only UFO encounter but it was the most intimate, and ever since, I have been constantly keep having premonitions, before the Boston Bombing, I was telling everbody April 15th would be something worse than a North Korean Missile Launch. And I even told a few friends back in Texas ( i moved to wisconsin) that Ill send them a cooler summer, and having grown up in Texas its obvious that they are having a strangely cool spring. A notable thing to mention is that in 2006 they found a massive spider web with thousands of spiders working together that has since puzzled scientists, and that spider web was less than one mile from my encounter. I was prompted to post this to MUFON because recently people eerywhere have been reporting a craft similar to the one I saw, and what I really want to know is, have any of you been affected, or given a "gift"?

Thank you for your time, and with all sincerity, C.B.
