{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-10 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5463163.json","updb_database_id":5463163}
Observed 1 craft and suddenly another appeared behind the first following the first crafts course and speed.

914 Firehall Creek rd. I was at this address (my home). I just happened to look out my from window and saw a yellowy but just slightly more orange object in the sky. Looked to be just below the clouds, but I thought perhaps the light was distorted by the clouds, and that maybe it was a plane or helicopter. Just then another appeared behind the first and was on the same course and speed. I thought perhaps it was our new chinook helicopter as I have seen these fly over our area. So I immediately went outside because the chinooks are so loud I could put it to rest and have a better view. From my driveway as soon as I looked at them I could hear nothing I believe if it were Helicopters I should hear them from that distance. Also they appeared to me to be round and on fire much like the sun except not that bright but were a yellow but just slightly into the orange. I was instantly extremely excited and raced into the house to get my wife up from her bed, I was pulling her arm and was telling her come come quick you got to see this and we raced out to the driveway and I pointed to the craft, the first one was gone and by my estimation of the course and speed it should have still been visible. My wife said what is it. I said I don't know. She told me to go get my camera so as I turned and was now racing for my cell phone I was thinking why bother these pictures never look good. But I got it and was getting the camera app open when I returned to my wife's side it was gone and she was staring at where she last saw it. I said what happened and she said it just blinked out and I said what do you mean?  She said it was like a light that suddenly ran out of batteries and the light collapsed from the outside to the centre and blinked out. I did not get a picture and was disappointed that I missed the blink out. From where she was looking and pointing to me that looked like about where the position of the first craft should have been when I originally got her to the driveway. I am in the military and have observed many helicopters and fighter jets I can say this was neither but definitely a craft, and of unknown origin. I would say the sighting was probably under 2 minutes. My wife doesn't share my interest of such things but needless to say she was at a loss. I cannot draw but I was reminded of a craft that had been previously reported so I re-watched the Allagash abduction story and am certain by the images they supplied It was the same object(s). This is my third sighting of UFO. I did not report the others but have been bothered by this one enough that I wanted to put it out there see if there would be any corroboration. My time of 9:50 is about. When we got back in and were discussing it I immediately noted the time of 9:54. Interestingly I observed what I thought to be round but my wife says what she saw was a sphere.
