{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286163","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/163/mufon-5286163.json","updb_database_id":5286163}
Encounter with a Alien and his technology

I hike and do my exercise in a wooded area behind my house. I was in the Thicket Hill Village area. The back of this development was a summer camping and trailer park. This happened in and about the end Feb 2021. This happened in the pool, playground and swing area, specifically playground swing area. It occurred in the winter and the trees were without leaves. I have frequently walked, rode my mountain bike all over the village ( trailer park) for twenty years and the surrounding woods. I spend a lot of time in the woods. About 1/8 mile from the encounter is a concentration of one high voltage (360,000 volts) transmission lines and three lesser lines of maybe 12,000 and maybe 8000 volts. The shuttered Vermont Yankee nuclear plant is about a mile and a half from the encounter. I worked there as a licenced operator for 13 years. I shut them down for being not safe.
As I was walking to the end of a tree line, the pool and playground area became visible. This whole area is shutdown for the winter season and there is usually no one around. I could see a man wildly swinging on a swing. He was standing on the seat and his hands were on the chains. This guy seemed to be swinging passed the horizontal line on the top cross bar where the chain was attached too. That seemed unbelievable to me. I found it very hard later to even stand on the swing seat like this man did.
In hindsight, from this point on, I seemed to be in some kind of energy field or something. I felt compelled to get closer and my perceptions were distorted somewhat. I was about 120 feet from the being. At points in this there were two beings and others just one male being. When he was on the swing he seemed like 6 feet tall and later on he was maybe 4 feet to less than five feet. Between me and him it was sparsely treed. When this began it was just at the beginning of twilight and as I was leaving for the last time it was at the end stage of twilight, almost dark. It doesn't feel like to me I was missing huge amounts of time. I spent maybe 45 minutes in sight of the being. 
So this guy, one guy, was wildly and unnaturally swinging. In hindsight, it was amazing attention seeking behavior. The whole event was tremindus attention seeking behavior.  Was he targeting me on purpose or did I just come upon this by accident? Was he somehow stealing power from our electric system or using our grid system as a antenna of some kind. I gotta say there is blank spots in my memory of this encounter and there are bits of memory in my head that are in isolation of the memory time line in all of this encounter.
What does a playground, pool or swing area mean to you. It is a unbelievably soothing and family area for me. I think of me growing up, there are so many happy experiences in the playground. I mean, how many times did I take my children too playgrounds and all the times I can see their happy and gleeful faces in there. I spent many summers at boys camps and this whole area reminds of those happy days. Was the choice of a camping grounds, pool and playground/swing area chosen for me to make me comfortable. Of course it is common to most of us. 
So now I am at about 50 feet from the being. I am not directly walking towards the being. I got a pool fence and the pool directly in front of the being. So I am walking towards the pool fence gate. Some trees are obscuring my vision as I walk to the gate, but as I get clear of this tree trunk, a large humanoid looking figure is directly above the swinging man in the air above him. Maybe 50 feet high. It looked like a used car lot balloon man. He had long arms without fingers. He had long legs. His feet were ugly on backwards. It was like a stick like balloon man. The humanoid didn't have a head on. It was brightly lit with a energy I never seen before. It wasn't like lightning or a florescent light. The whole light being seemed like he was blowing on the wind. But there was no wind. At this point, he had elbows and knees flexing around like it was alive. It was frightening as hell as this was so out of my experience. I served on a experimental nuclear fast attack submarine for four years from 1976 to 1980. Man, I seen and did things way outside my experience while on the submarine. You know, what I could conceive at my age. What I seen on that evening at 68 years old was way outside my experience. I have always kept up on the UFO issue, but it was nothing like I ever read or seen in the media. Honestly, I still don't know what this was. I was frightened like never before.Really really really frightened. I can see the light of this being bouncing off all the top of the tree branches in the area. I was wondering if somebody was going to call the police the light was so bright. 
So I get a hold of myself...I think I got to eye this very carefully. I have a new I phone in my pocket but I was so upset I never thought of using it. So I begin to look this humanoid over very very carefully. The man on swing just disappeared. The light humanoid grew into maybe a 75 feet tall size. On the ground now aside the swing is a small being. He is playing or trying to hide from me a black box looking instrument. It had black tubing or I think thick wiring. He seems to be ridiculously trying to hide the box and wiring now like a child. This little guy and box just showed up. Now I am thinking is it a inter-dimensional being or regular alien thing. 
So now I intend to get even closer. I walk into the fenced in pool area and move towards the fence area closest to the beings, maybe within 20 feet. I am mesmerized by the size of the lighting being. It is at this point I blackout. 
I wake up walking away from the shower, cloths washing building. I have no idea how I got where I was. I am heading home as fast as I can. I take a few steps, think there might be a child in that swing area. That 4 foot being with the box. I won't leave him behind. So I walk on the far side of the swing area. I see a little boy sitting in the dirt directly under the swing. The kids swing kick out the dirt directly under the swing, so it is a hollowed out area. It is a rather large and shallow hole. I walk directly towards the boy. He flips around in the dirt face down and cowards in fear of me I am thinking, before I can see his face. I am utterly terrified. I walk past alien for about 20 feet and then turn around and walk past him again without saying a word. This move is me trying to calm myself. I get within five feet of the little boy. There is a fence between me and him. I intended the fence to be between us.  I am wondering if he is trying to hide his black box and tubes. I know the hole is not deep enough. I am just puzzled by this and the whole event. Not a thing makes any sense. On the final pass, I am about 10 feet from the alien, I turn around and say to him, "are you good". Eye him right in his face. He says back perfectly in good English "I'm good". It is the typical lingo of my 25 year son and 35 year old daughter. But not my generation. It is a perfect human face, it looks like a young man.
