{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-28 22:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474008","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/008/mufon-5474008.json","updb_database_id":5474008}
{jpg} Bright white light in sky

The sky was totally clear, as it usually is here. I was lying in bed, listening to music and trying to go to sleep. I don't know what made me notice it- one moment I was just lying there, the next my gaze was glued to the object. It was rather far away from me, and high in the sky- but big. Around two or three times the size of what Venus looks like in the night sky. It moved in a steady and somewhat fast line, going down towards the horizon. It looked just like a normal star, but huge and moving. The oddest part, though, was the emotional response it elicited from me. I tend to be a very emotionally reserved person- I hardly ever cry or express any other extremes. However, at the sight of this white light in the sky I felt both awe and panic. I even teared up- I have no idea why. My mind was frozen for a moment in panic as it moved down to the horizon, but once it was nearly gone I started racing through thoughts, trying to figure out what it was.
I know it wasn't just a trick of light on the window- there were no lights on in my room, and at one point a large tree blocked the view of it. I considered airplane and missile as well, though there was no impact and the light wasn't blinking- I mention impact because it looked like it would hit the earth eventually with its trajectory, though I have no way to confirm this. It couldn't have been a meteor, either- it had no tail, and was much too big and slow to be a shooting star, not to mention there's too much light pollution in my area to even see a shooting star. It wasn't exceptionally fast or slow- though it was faster than it was slower. I don't believe it was a satellite either, as it wasn't a sudden flash but a steady, consistent light.
After getting over the initial shock, a new feeling dawned on me- I was scared. I had this feeling that I wasn't supposed to see that. I texted my friends about it, and something I repeated over and over in my attempt to articulate how it made me feel was, "it was wrong. It was very very wrong. I wasn't supposed to see that. Whatever that was, it was wrong." I stared at the spot I'd seen it go in hopes of it reappearing, but it never did as far as I know.
The photo attached is from earlier in the year, but of the same location and shows the path it took.
