{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-12 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478008","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82137","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3566,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/008/mufon-5478008.json","updb_database_id":5478008}
{cak} Multi color ufo approached hovered then Entity was seen 12 ft away

have been seeing "UFO's" since 2012, on this night me and my best friend were in a small wooded area behind my house trying to film a music video. My friend and I both have been seeing these "UFO's" since 2012, we became obsessed with going out late night early mornings to observe the night sky and always encounter some sort of orbs or actual craft. We had been seeing them every night prier in clusters, on this night it was like every other night so it became normal for us to see them. It was as if they where spying on us. so we went down the street behind my house to a small wooded area to shoot a music video being independent musicians. As we got to the wooded are we had noticed a craft with multi color lights on the underside of the object that seemed to pulsate, we got big into studying anything to do with "UFO's" and or Extraterrestrials and one thing we learned and actually performed was telepathically speaking to the craft, for instance we would say we see you move or come toward us and the would. Anyways this night we were just about to start filming the music video but this one craft distracted us so we watch and did the telepathic communication saying come closer, it did and kept getting closer until it was almost over the top of us. We then heard what sound like movement in the grass. I told my friend its probably A deer but he responded it sounds like to feet moving not four witch I also heard but blew it off. The phone with the music on it stop working as well as the camera so we decided to give up. As my friend started walking out of the tree line I was fixated on the craft. Next thing I hear what sounds like something lightly landing in the grass to the left as I turn and looked A approximately 4 foot pail grey entity with A large head and huge black eyes was staring directly into my eyes. It then made a hissing nose that I cannot describe. I was frozen my legs would not move I could not scream or blink. I eventually Fell back by using every amount of strength in my legs and was able to get up and begin running out of the wooded area to catch up with my friend. He seen me running and I was able to yell at this point in which he started running with me. We got about 200 feet away from the tree line I was shaking and crying I hand to kneel down he asked what I saw I told him. He then told me he also heard the hissing sound as well before I was able to run out of the woods. Ive dealt with paranormal experiences before, negative energy and positive but the feeling I had from this encounter was the most scary, threatening feeling I have ever felt. We then made it back to my house I was still shaking and crying, I could not even talk. It has dramatically changed my life. I want answers, what did I see? Why did I see it? I dont know who to talk to the only person that believes me is my friend that was there when the encounter happened.
