{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-07 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486008","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/008/mufon-5486008.json","updb_database_id":5486008}
Fighter jets tailed orangish blue object through sky then circled it and bugged out. UFO lingered awhile after

I was in my bedroom on the second floor listening to music when I looked out my window to stare off like I usually do when I am bored. I stared awhile when I saw a star that appeared "off" I went outside and lost sight of it. A few hours later I looked back out my window and saw it again moving (seemed low) across the sky followed by a jet.(I tried to get it on my iPhone but the camera was unable to see them) The UFO stopped and turned then the jet circled it three times but on the third time it flew away. The object stayed stationary and something confusing happened. As the jet vanished so did the UFO but it left behind a smaller object which stayed hovering. It was still for half an hour at least until it pulsed a blue light and you could see the reflection of said light on the small layer of clouds passing over. It stayed still for a long time more until it ejected a small blue light the flew across the sky like a bullet. 10 or so minutes later a second plane headed toward it. The plane was on a direct path when it suddenly banked and headed off away from it. Lost the plane really quick but then the UFO started circling a small part of the sky. It did this until it inevitably vanished at around 3:04. I was mostly in awe watching it and was really disappointed that I did not have a camera to record it.
Some interesting things that I should mention:
The fighter was really low and so was the UFO at first. 
I was with my friend who also saw it all. I called her over when I saw it both times.
The small blue light looked artificial and flew faster then anything I have ever seen.
A third plane that looked different then any I ever saw passed by the UFO at one point but seemed unphased so i didn't mention it above.
