{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-09 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493008","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66513","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/008/mufon-5493008.json","updb_database_id":5493008}
{cak}. Two round objects in McCarran Intl Airport Airspace Above US 95

Around 9:30 am on June 9, 2015 I was headed southbound on US 95, after getting on the freeway at Flamingo Dr. in Las Vegas. I was headed towards westbound 215 in Henderson. Somewhere around Tropicana, which is the next major street south of Flamingo, I was looking into the sky above the horizon. Right around that approximate area is where what I believe the airspace is for McCarran International Airport would exist, for planes to approach for a landing from the east. This is one of the busiest airports in the world, and there is a lot of air traffic. I tend to see planes fly in for a landing maybe 15 - 30 seconds apart all day long. They follow the same basic flight path. 

I was driving alone on the freeway headed to go to a business meeting. But I am always looking at airplanes flying in the distance or overhead. I love to watch the planes so I usually look at them. There is more than one flight path, but this particular flight path where I usually see a lot of planes is in the general direction just east of the airport, sort of between Tropicana on the north and Sunset on the south.  I had nothing else to focus my attention on but having my eyes on the road and look into the sky above the horizon. The traffic was light. There were no clouds at all in the sky, as typical for Las Vegas. 

Then I noticed two small round or circular objects in the sky. One was completely motionless or hovering. The other one was moving horizontally to the west, away from the stationary object and towards the airport. I thought that was rather odd because I never saw anything in that airspace during the daytime except airplanes. They had no wings or other visible features. 

I sometimes see other airplanes flying much higher in the sky, usually from west to east, and they usually appear to be the same small size as these strange objects, but I can always recognize an airplane by its motion, size, and I think I can always see wings and a tail to recognize the shape of an airplane. These objects were round, or possibly disc-shaped, and had no wings. Also, anything staying completely still in the air would not stay up in the air very long. Or so I thought to myself. 

So I first thought these might be airplanes, but as I continued to stare at them it occurred to me that they were not airplanes at all. The one that was motionless did not change size, so it was not perhaps flying towards me or away from me. Both remained the same size and shape all the while I watched them. But the one on the right was the only one moving, although not very fast from my perspective.

They had the same color. Sort of metallic color. I couldn't tell how high they were because I could not determine the size. I needed one of those two variables to judge either size or distance, or even speed.

I kept thinking how odd this was. And having 2 objects the same size so close together instead of just one was even stranger. I also thought that nothing should be within the airspace of McCarran. I did think perhaps these might be small drones, the kind that hobbyists might use to mount a camera on to do photography, but even with that, I would doubt they would be allowed that close to a major airport. 

I am not sure how I lost sight of them, either I drove past and underneath where the objects were in the sky, putting me south of them, or they just disappeared from view, as fast as in the blink of an eye. But since I had to keep my eyes on the road I am not sure how they disappeared.

They did not return, although I kept looking for more nor did I see these again. I did not hear any sounds because I had my car windows rolled up and I was playing my car radio. I did not see any lights or anything else strange about them.

The only things that were strange was their proximity to the airport, the fact there were 2 of them because airplanes do not travel in pairs, the way they had no wings, and one was stationery in the sky while the other one was moving in a path. I think it was moving in a straight line, but I am not really sure because I kept trying to figure out what I was looking at, and steer the car at the same time.

Sorry I don't have any sketches or photos or videos. I would have had to pull off the road in order to get out a camera from my purse. My camera probably would not have captured images of something that small either against the cloudless sky.
