{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-09 18:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475176","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/176/mufon-5475176.json","updb_database_id":5475176}
Reviewing photographs on 17th July 2017 found unexpected object in several photos taken over a short period.

While reviewing photographs on 17th July 2017 I found an unexpected object in several photos taken over a short period of a few minutes on 9th July 2017. I had no idea that I might find an object of UFO interest. 

I was photographing the sky at the coast trying to capture early evening sky colour transitions. I was not interested in the compositional elements.

I found a brown egg shaped fuzzy object in a photo. At first I assumed it must be an out of focus cormorant or a bug on the lens. I checked the EXIF data and found it was taken at 1000th of a second. This would not have given me a blurred image of a bird. I also noted that the foreground and distance was in focus.

I then checked the photos taken before and after and found two small objects and one much larger that all resembled the original object. They were all placed differently in the sky. Which ruled out anything having stuck to the lens.

I have made a zip file of the relevant photos and have provided parallel copies marked up to show the object in a larger form. I am assuming there was just one object making rapid positional changes. 

I also have included a photo taken immediately prior to the incident that shows an aircraft at a great distance to help you assess the camera and the conditions.

There are military installations in this region that carry out training exercises. This object does not resemble anything I have witnessed in relation to training exercises, helicopter activity, or troop transportation.
