{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-15 03:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523176","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32800","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/176/mufon-5523176.json","updb_database_id":5523176}
Large Aircraft without normal flight lights

I deliver auto parts to customers in the Kawartha lakes area in Ontario each weekly night. My normal route takes me into cottage country which is very remote in places. On early Saturday morning Oct 15th 2011 at approx 03.00hrs I was driving East North East along hwy 7/12 between the villages of Manilla and Oakwood heading for the town of Lindsay. The sky was clear with a full moon a few clouds to the west of my position. I observed to my front left (North East) white lights moving towards me (South West).

I assumed it was an Aircraft heading for Pearson Int airport due to it's low altitude 3-5 thousand feet, however it struck me there were no red and green navigation lights showing and it appeared it's landing lights were on. I wanted to observe the aircraft properly so I pulled my truck over onto the soft shoulder and climbed out of my cab onto the fuel tank step. From my position I watched the aircraft approach me and noticed red flashing light from below the landing lights.

The aircraft came closer and changed direction from south west to west south west, at this moment I observed what I thought to be landing lights were actually lights from under the aircraft. The aircraft passed me at approx 70 degree angle just north of me. This allowed me to observe there were four white lights under the aircraft, one at the front and rear and one at each wing tip ( I assumed these were where they were located) two flashing red lights were located under the aircraft together in it's center. As it passed I remarked to myself it's a perfect diamond. Even though it was a full moon and the sky was clear with stars I was unable to observe the aircraft's shape or hear any engine sounds. No other lights were seen. No strobes or cabin lights which I see from other aircraft. 

The aircraft remained on it's west south west course until it entered the cloud formation to my west. As it did so the clouds lit up dull white and dimmed as it passed through them. I climbed back into my cab and carried on with my route.

The only reason I send this email is because what I observed was unusual. No marker navigation lights, strobes or normal recognition lights. I assumed it was a military aircraft or commercial aircraft that had lost lighting control. Living near Person Int Airport I'm in constant sight of Commercial Aircraft operating at night. This Aircraft was vastly different from those I normally observe.
Thanks.
