{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-05 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549176","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5179,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/176/mufon-5549176.json","updb_database_id":5549176}
My wife and I saw a U.F.O. hovering over a park. We watched it for about 2 min trying to figure out what it was. It moved toward the airport at about 40-50 mph with no sound

My wife and I were on our way home from the grocery store at about 10:25. As we turned off of Oklahoma Avenue and on to Howell ave (heading North), I noticed what I thought was an airplane on approach to the airport (we live about 3-4 miles due north of General Mitchell International Airport). What I thought was a plane was over Humbolt Park. I said to my wife that It was really bright and low, which I thought was a little odd. I originally thought it was a airliner because I could see 3 large lights from where we turned and I assumed that it was the headlights for the plane. I kept watching the object because of how low it was (I wondered if it was having engine trouble or something like that). As we traveled north along the west end of humbolt park I realized that the "plane" wasn't moving. I said "what the hell is that?" at this point and my wife pulled over to see what I was now watching very closely. We sat on the west edge of the park trying to figure out what it was for about 2 minutes. During this time, my wife was saying that she thought it was a bunch of light poles. I said that I didn't think it was because it was too big. Futrhermore, I could very faintly see the outline of the object. It had three large white lights along the bottom. On what I would soon realize was the backside of the object there were 2 smaller yellow lights. Near the top and back of what looked like a low pyramid was a small white blinking light. The shape was, as far as I could tell from the faint outline, a low pyramid, but the object was definately triangular from a bottom view (I could tell this because when it moved it looked triangular from below and behind). We were roughly 150-200 yards away from the object. I would guess that it was about 100-200 feet in the air. The object appeared to be about the size of a small commercial airliner. I was at this point still unsure of what I was looking at because it simply didn't seem possible that I was looking at a UFO. I would consider myself something of a skeptic about most UFO reports, so I didn't actually think I could be looking at a legitimate UFO. I can honestly say that I was shocked by what happened next, not because it was so spectacular, but because it was so unnatural based upon everything that I had ever seen fly. At this point, I was still thinking that the object must be a baloon or something stationary having to do with something in the park. The object made NO noise, however, it moved south toward the airport. The amazing part was how it moved. It did not accellerate. It just moved about 40-50 mph instantaneously and silently.  I at this point said "Holy S#&@!!!! Did you see that?!?!?" My wife replied "Yeah" much more calmly than I had asked. I was stunned and I still couldn't believe what I saw, so I told my wife (who was driving) to follow it so I could get another look at it; however, the object was already out of sight at this point. We tried to follow it anyway. We drove through the park and then south on Howell Ave. all the way to the airport. We never again saw the object. I am sure that the airport had to have seen the object, but I do not know who to contact to find out if my wife and I are the only people who saw it. Additionally, this all happened inside of the city of Milwaukee, in a very heavily populated area; therefore, I am sure that someone else had to have seen this object. I have always liked aviation, so I have at least a basic knowledge or aeronautics. There is not a single aircraft that I am aware of that can hover and move silently. Furthermore, I am not aware of any aircraft that can move without having to accellerate in order to get up to speed. It was not a helicopter because first of all it was silent, and second, it was way too big. So assuming that it was not a helicopter, I don't think that it is possible to fly any large aircraft as silently and slowly as this object was moving without staling and crashing. I'm not crazy and I'm not a kind of person who sees a UFO every time a plane goes over our house. I am 100% possitive that I not only saw what I saw, but also that there is nothing in the known world that can move like this object did. I plan on doing a sketch to submit, but I wanted to get this info down while it is still fresh in my mind. Please contact me if there are any other reports of this object from either the airport or other witnesses.
