{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-11 06:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501176","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57900","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/176/mufon-5501176.json","updb_database_id":5501176}
{nd} Tear drop shaped black shape shifting craft with lights

Hello, I'd like to share what I saw today for science. I live in an apartment where cars are subject to tow so I always need to get up early in the morning to move my car. I got up and walk to my car to move it which is about 300 feet from my apartment. As I was getting in to my car I happened to look up and saw a black object in the sky. I am used to seeing helicopters and military aircraft in the area since this is north san diego. But I knew right away something was different about this object. It was far away enough that it just looked like a baloon. Luckily enough I had my binoculors in my car which they said 10 x 30 on them. As I observed the craft it had an irregular flight pattern.. (going up and down left and right). As I focused in with my binoculors I could tell right away what it was. There first thing I noticed every now and then on it was it had what appeared to be a set up lights on what appeared to be fins on the craft. As I observed it spin it appeared to be shape shifting and spinning its mass as it was moving with some lights visible. Once I saw that I started to get excited and look for any other person in the area to point out what I was seeing. I kept an eye on it as I was moving, I found to construction workers talking in their trucks and walked up and pointed to what I was looking at. They thought it was a balloon but with my binoculors I could see what it really was.. As all this was going on it was drifting south east and gaining altitude. I did get a view of the craft when it was not shape shifting and it was diamond/teardrop in shape and had an organic appearance with fins in the middle with low light lights on it. The surface had a vein like appearance of something like a vegetable with black and dark red in a striped like organic way. I may have seen a windscreen but it was too far too tell. After seeing that I ran back to my apartment to get my camera and try and get a view shots through my binoculors but by the time I came back out it had already been lost in to the clouds. I have a broad knowledge of all kinds of aircraft and balloons and can say this was not like anything I have every seen in my entire life and has changed my perception about life as I know it. I have attached a sketch and a video of the area of its flight. Sadly I could not get any hard evidence of it.
