{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-26 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503176","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55782","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/176/mufon-5503176.json","updb_database_id":5503176}
{rjl} re-occuring UFO sighting, oject looks like it's observing the area

As I am typing this, the UFO sighting is taking place. I went outside to smoke a cigarette and scanned the night sky like I always do. Then to the East, I notice this shining light that looks like a shining star but it is far too bright to be any visible star close to Earth and it was never there before. As I looked closer I noticed that I had seen this light before, in the same direction maybe a month or so before this event.( It's still out there but closer now, and brighter). At first when I was looking at it it looked stationary; below the normal cloud line about where a helicopter would typically fly. I tried to dismiss it as an incoming plane since I live within a couple miles of OIA. But you could definitely tell that it was no plane or any Earthen aircraft. then it began to move. not like any flying object i have ever seen move before. It was as if it could distort gravity around it and move in any direction it wanted. not just up, down, left, right, side to side, horizontal, but directions I can't even describe. It changed in elevation just as rapidly, every move was in an instant. It moved like it was an object suspended in a glass of water and someone was swirling the water around in a circular motion. It's 5:49AM now and it's gone. I didn't see it leave. But now the moon is out right where the aircraft was and it was not there a few minutes ago. 
After I noticed the way it moved, as if it was just observing everything, I had an overwhelming sense of being watched or stared at. It did even come closer towards my direction. I really wouldn't have given it much thought or even reported this sighting had I not seen it once before, and I believe even another time before that. I don't know what it is, if it's a government drone or an extra terrestrial aircraft... I just can't say. But it sure does give me the creeps. I had to watch it from inside once I noticed it getting closer. I'd really like to know if anyone else in my area has seen the same thing or if it has been reported elsewhere. Whatever it is, it was definitely intelligent, and very technologically advanced to fly in such a fashion. I await it's return.
