{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486176","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73540","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/176/mufon-5486176.json","updb_database_id":5486176}
{dr}Took video of 4 total orange pulsating objects. They rotated bright and low pulse and looked organic all at 12am exactly on the new year in Los Angeles.

Saw 4 total orange pulsating objects.I was at home going into my room in the garage and first noticed from corner of my eye. I first thought it was the street light because they are orange but this illuminated much brighter and was moving nothing like a normal plane or helicopter would.They where stationary hovered ascended and decended each pulsating differently. Some brighter, faster,slower than others. After 5 mins I ran into to grab cam on cell phone to get video. When I came out they where gone.At this time it sounded like it was Bagdad witb fire fights large and small bombs being detonated mixed with the 4 on the floor bass heavy rhythms from a couple of new years parties right next door. At first it was just one. But when they reappeared I got a total of 3 objects all in the same frame as a plane or helicopter passes between them. When passing overhead they came from south east direction(the normal flight path) to north west all would stop glowing where my cam could not pick up an image But to naked eye they had a plasma luminescent like appearence. A thin texture like an insects wings. They rotated at a low pulse and looked organic and alive. I watched for about 30 mins. It was cold and had my kids over so I stopped observing to review video. In the video I noticed the object looked like it morphed but ill leave that up to you. The sighting made me excited because this is first I got actual video of. I felt the objects where there to observe the moment of new years countdown because Los Angeles erupts like a cataclysm. 
(For video send me an email because file is larger than 25mb via Google drive)
