{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-13 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462496","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/496/mufon-5462496.json","updb_database_id":5462496}
{cak} A cloud of glittering or sparkling lights appeared in the sky at night as I was driving in a rural area. Two of these then burst into flare-like brilliance before disappearing.

On February 13, 2019, at just after 7:00 p.m., I was driving on a rural back road in Erath County, Texas (Highway 2214), heading southeast, just outside and northwest of the tiny town of Desdemona. Ahead of me in the dark night sky, I became aware of a kind of "cloud" of glittering or sparkling white lights appearing at an approximate angle of 35 degrees above the horizon. There was no way to tell how many of them there were, nor was there any way to judge how far away or how high in the sky they might actually be. Their rate of glittering or sparkling was slow, so that only two or three were visible at a time. I began trying to recall if there were any radio or other communication towers in the direction of the lights, because I thought at first that they might be flashing lights on such towers. But there are no such towers in that direction. I also thought the lights might be multiple jets or airplanes flying at high altitudes, but their appearance and the rhythm or pattern of their flashing was unconventional and not like that of such aircraft. I had a full three or four minutes to observe this aerial phenomenon as I drove, and I felt increasingly baffled by it.

Then, suddenly, two of the sparkling lights effectively "burst" into brighter lights that appeared like oversized stars. These began to glide or fall, tracing a slight arc as they headed vaguely earthward. They also left faint trails or streamers. After about five or six seconds, they disappeared -- not as if they had fallen to earth, but as if they had burned out.

At that point, the road I was on curved slightly eastward, to the left, moving the cloud of glittering lights to my right-hand view. I could see them still sparking as they appeared to move behind the cloud cover that had begun to spring up. I lost sight of them after a moment more.

Half an hour later, I experienced another sighting in Stephenville, Texas (see my separately filed report). Prior to tonight, I had never witnessed a UAP.
