{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-15 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284496","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/496/mufon-5284496.json","updb_database_id":5284496}
300' Matte Black Equilateral Triangle Object Traveling 5miles per hour

Clear night approximately 9:25pm. Stepped outside of house to throw out table scraps from late dinner. Something made me look up. Terrifyingly huge matte black triangle moving 5 miles per hour or less (see attached calculations using GIS mapping and topographic maps). All 3 edges were perfectly straight.  I wanted to remember in detail what I was seeing. Have some background in surveying. I immediately tried to judge the length of the object. The only reference I could come up with was football field lengths. I estimated the length of the triangle edge nearest me as 3 football fields long - possibly 5. I remember 5 football field lengths has to be too big, so I kept trying to back down to 3. A football field is 360' - so this thing was at least 1080 feet in length on one edge. It was not transparent. It was a solid object. Matte Black, not shiny. Trying to establish the thickness, the only spatial reference that came to mind was stories of a skyscraper. I estimate 3 stories tall approximately 30 feet - could have been thicker. No windows. No exhaust. No sound. Lights were underneath the object that pulsated in a random pattern. I remember these light should be blinking in a pattern, but they did not. The lights were all over the bottom of this thing. Maybe one at an edge but mostly pulsating all over the belly.  Blue, green, white, yellow. I remembered it odd that no red colored light was present. No light reached the ground. I screamed for my ex-husband to come out of the house and see this. I even turned around to go to house to get him but I could not bring myself to stop observing and turned back around toward the object. It slowly moved in a straight line appearing to barely clear a hill 300 feet away at an elevation 120 feet higher than where I stood. Did not report to police and told only immediate family. I am retired from USDA and held a Director position for 2 counties. I was 28 year old and just stared a career in my home town. No way was I going to loose my job or worse yet be deemed crazy in our small rural community. But this event changed my life forever. You don't see what I saw and forget about it. I am a religious person and chose to reconcile this siting with my belief system, believing in God even stronger today. I have never witnessed anything "out of the ordinary" since and have no desire to again. I do feel compelled to report to MUFON, only saddened that I failed to do so years ago. I hope this helps in some way. [name removed/cms/rjl]
