{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291496","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/496/mufon-5291496.json","updb_database_id":5291496}
Abduction and other paranormal phenomenon

In 1997 My parents and my brother go on a vacation together. I had the option to go or stay home..I chose to stay home. So they leave and that night was when my abduction took place. I come that night around 11pm from playing basketball with my friends. I take a shower and go to my room to watch some TV. I hop in bed and Im sitting up with my back against the headboard. Before I even had a chance to turn my TV on my bed began to vibrate. After a few seconds of that it started shaking and eventually it was jumping around so much at times only one foot of my bed would be on the ground at a time. This whole experience was about 30 seconds long then it just stopped. It freaked me out but I assumed it was something paranormal at the time even though I didnt believe in that stuff at this point of my life. So after it stopped I would say 10 seconds later I get the most intense feeling telling me to look at my window. I turn my head so fast and there was two aliens standing on the roof of my 1st floor patio looking into my second floor window. They were prob 6'-7' from me. One was taller than the other. Proportion wise I would have to say the one on the left looked female because it was shorter and more slender than the one on the right. I didnt get the best look at the second smaller one because when I made eye contact with the first taller one I froze and experienced tunnel vision as I looked into its eyes. I feel like my heart and my breath stopped for a few seconds, I dont think I blinked. They looked similar to what people describe as greys but the ones I seen had a brownish color to it. After I stare into this aliens eyes for about 20 second I get another strong feeling to look to the right at the bottom of my door, and I did. I noticed the shadows of twon pairs of legs step foward to the outside of my bedroom door. my hallway light was on an the bottom of my door had a large gap so the shadows were projected onto my bedroom floor. At this point I already knew what was going on. To be honest I kinda knew the second I seen part of one of their eyes. So after the two steppend to my door I freaked out and pulled my blanket over my whole body and laid in the fetal positin. I did not want them to touch me, that was my biggest concern. I laid under my blanket for maybe 15 seconds waiting to feel them grab me. Then one second later Im waking up the next morning face down on my couch with my legs hanging off and my shorts on backwards. I was in a total daze. I remember all I wanted to do was take a shower. So in the shower I had some soap run down my back and I jumped in pain. I had a huge oval scab at the lowest point on my back that was 100% not there the night before. It burned so much. 17 yrs after this event I was looking for information on abductions and came across a blog from someone saying they think they were abducted, woke up the next morning, took a shower and found a scab on her lower back and has a scar from it. I didnt even know I had a scar there until this point and I still have it. One week later I seen a ufo for the first time. It looked like a star in the sky. I thought I was watching a shooting star until it came to a complete stop at the center of the sky. It just sat there. Then out of knowwhere It shot across the other half of the sky in a blink of the eye. So 3 yrs later I see a full figured ghost 2 feet right infront of me and I told him about it and show me a picture of his aunt who hung herself in that same house many years ago. She was the ghost I seen. Sadly that same friend took his My girlfriend at the time was on her hands and knees to my right freaking out but cant hear her. As soon as the can of soda emptied I was able to move and here. This was 2am-ish in the morning. She said she seen 3 kids walk by the window while I was paralized. I did not see this. 2012 I come home from work and I see a shadow person standing over my bed with its arms streached out. When it noticed me it got startled and jumped onto the wall like a shadow and ran towards me along the second floor hallway wall and turned the corner and went down the wall down the steps. It also made a weird mechanical sound too. 2019 I wake up to a drop of water hitting me between my nose and upper lip. I inspected my sealing and it was bone dry. It happened 3 nights in a row. I moved my bed to the other side of the room. It happened 2 more night then never happened again. So 2 months ago I shared my story for the first time with anyone on someone youtube channel who does interviews. Before this time I was suffering from PTSD. I couldnt sleep, or keep a job or a relationship. I was a mess. Talking to this person made me feel good and not so afraid. So I did 2 more on two different channels. Its been therapy for me. These people are now my friends and Im part of a tiny ufo community now. So since Ive been free of fear I feel like a new person and Im eager to seek the truth about whats going on with me. I purchase 2 security cams with night vision to recorn me while I sleep to see if I can get an abduction on camera. I know thats not how it works but Im trying. Anyway I started noticing I was recording orbs, I have a month of amazing footage. The main reason Im contacting you is because 0n 10/01/2020 in the morning I have video footage and still pics of what looks to be orbs shape shiting into aliens than back to orbs. These pictures are pretty clear and I tink I have compelling evidence. Something is going on right now!
