{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-01 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502496","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56505","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/496/mufon-5502496.json","updb_database_id":5502496}
{rjl} Witnessed cigar shaped glowing/reflective object in the middle of the afternoon on a cloudless day in a remote Oklahoma field.

At the age of 20 in 1994 I had never had an interest in UFOs, Outer Space, Science Fiction, etc. I didn't even think the movie ET was a big deal. I wanted nothing to do with it. The year of 1994 by chance I met a new friend named "Cassie" (not her true name) through a family member. During conversations she brought up matter of factually that she was a "star-person". I didn't know what that was so she explained that her being that sired her was not of this Earth. She stated that when she finally confronted her mother about it her mother put her head down on the kitchen table and cried saying she thought it had all been a dream. Naturally I thought at first I was dealing with a delusional person. But she stayed consistent and never deterred from her nature or claims. I started noticing her features. She was small. Her skin seemed almost transparent and delicate. She had a big head and forehead yet tiny nose and tiny chin with thin and delicate lips. I could see bigger eye sockets around her where her eyes were. She told me many things I had never had even heard of or conceived of. She told me of other beings called reptilians and that they were malevolent. She told me of something called Greys and that they were benevolent but also in a type of study capacity. She told me of the Men in Black years before the movies came out. She told me they were dangerous and that they were to be avoided at all times. She would sing in a meditative like state and it was unlike anything I've heard. It was like tinkling instruments and voice and rolled into one and I don't know what language she was singing. But you wanted to stay in it. She liked to sleep in incubator type conditions. She made tight sleeping quarters in the closet of her apartment. She eventually bought property in Logan County and made a box like shelter from plywood that fit small single size raised pallet on one side which only left the other side with a shelf for supplies. I asked her many questions about the things she knew. (She has vast unsurpassed knowledge that I wanted to but couldn't even fathom) She told me that our human minds couldn't handle it. It would be like crossing a threshold or going on the other side of a rainbow and our minds would go insane. I also know that top government officials detained her at some point in her life wanting to know about the things she knew about and how. She was my friend and I've never met anyone like her before or since. 

One afternoon my family member came by with my friend in attendance and asked me to go for a ride just to get out and get a break from the house and my young children. It was a beautiful clear day. Blue skies and perfect temperatures. We rode in a white Chrysler Le baron convertible with the top down north on I-35 from Oklahoma City. I was in the back seat, my family member was driving, and Cassie was in the front passenger seat. We had planned to drive for awhile enjoying the day while stopping to eat and check out local shops. While on the road Cassie states that we had to keep driving since she was being "drawn" to a location but she didn't know where. So we drove north on I-35 until she suddenly said to get off the highway. We made many turns and asked many times where were we going. She said she didn't know but would know when we got there. We ended up on back roads, gravel and dirt. She finally directed us to little more than a path not worthy to drive on as I remember it was very rough and actually caused some drag and grinding underneath the car. We thought we were stuck a few times. This path was in a massive open Oklahoma field or farm. It's the plains. It was flat and mostly beige and brown topography with a little green. There were some trees near by but we stopped at a rounded clearing.  Cassie got out of the car and started walking towards the clearing. I got out and stood by the car actually feeling stupid and bored. I don't know where or how she got it but she handed me a big heavy looking jagged rock thing. It was a silvery black color. She told me it was like a magnet and under no circumstances to let go of it or get near the car with it. I became slightly more alert and followed her instructions though I was perplexed. My family member stayed by me. Cassie walked back out into the clearing and as she did suddenly out of nowhere this craft type object came swishing by from my right to left several yards and then it was gone. It was cigar or comet shaped. It had a low hum sound barely audible. At first I thought it glowed and then realized it was a reflection from some type of metallic material I've never seen before. It was only about 40 ft above my head. I was in shock. Cassie has just stayed in the clearing kneeling with her head down as this occurred. I was speechless.  When she came back to the car she told me that she had been "directed" to go there because "they" wanted us to witness this event. She told me that she had asked me to hold this huge magnet so that I would not be "taken up" with it. 

After I went home I couldn't speak or eat for a few days. Still in shock. I've only tried to tell a few people through the years what I witnessed but am never able to articulate the enormity of it. And I come across and a fruitcake.  Cassie and I continued to stay in contact for about a year after that. I just accepted who she claimed to be and who she was.  She was kind and gentle. She was fragile and strong. She had been hurt too. Deeply.  Very wise and very special.  I think of her often still and wish we were still friends.  This incident has made me question everything I was taught to believe, to think, what I think I know and don't know.   I will never forget this for the rest of my life.
