{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-22 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520496","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/496/mufon-5520496.json","updb_database_id":5520496}
Starlike blip moving pretty fast, let off extremely large flash, resumed course.

Out in my dooryard about 8pm looking straight up at the little dipper. Noted a white starlike blip moving almost due west near the little dippers handle, thought it was a satelite at first. Have seen many satelites, this moved much faster. Live in a Military Operations Area, have seen what I thought were F15s or F16s mock dogfighting at night, the blip seemed to move faster than they did. The object moved in a straight line, and I was about to walk down my driveway, when this object let off an extremely large white flash. In relative size, say the object was the size of a poppie seed, the white flash was the size of a pea. This flash lasted about 2 seconds, then the object returned to its original size and I lost it after a couple of more seconds. The reason why Im reporting this is that I cant understand how such a small starlike object could emit such a huge circle of light. The diameter of the flash must have been hundreds of times that of the object, just doesnt make sense. Have seen a couple of things in the skies in past as this area doesnt have alot of washout from street lights,etc. Since I saw the first UFO, I always look at the stars. My reaction right after the sighting was pretty much "here we go again, another mystery." I am a person who hates unsolved mysteries. May sound silly, but when I went to sleep I had this like 10 act, extremely detailed dream. It involved being in a spacecraft with asian people, and we were visiting these Fritz Lang like cities revolving around these strange planets. We were in dire straits and I don't remember how the dream turned out. I would say the dream was part nightmare. I don't watch TV, read alot of non fiction, and havent seen a Fritz Lang movies in 30 years. The dream has left me a little rattled. My girlfriend says maybe I shouldnt be looking up in the night sky too much anymore.
