{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489496","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2832,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/496/mufon-5489496.json","updb_database_id":5489496}
{dr}We saw lights and thought it was a few planes flying in formation until it passed over and blocked the clouds.

Phoenix Lights were not only in Phoenix. We were in 11 mile corner a small neighborhood in between Casa Grande and Coolidge, AZ. The exact location, if you want to look up on a map was Mira Vista St. a few blocks from Mary C. Obrien elementary. We observed lights and continued playing catch in the street under a street light, it was dark out, maybe 7:30-8:30 and we saw the light kept getting closer, the lights passed right over us. As it passed we thought it was an airplane formation, then we realized that it blocked out the barely visible clouds reflecting off the moon, it was hard to tell the actual shape, but it was most recognizably a triangle. Myself and My sisters have spoke of it a few times regarding stuff we saw of TV and how the AFB claimed it was flares. We saw these same lights about 45 miles south in the middle of the desert in a small neighborhood. It was very slow moving.(without scale) A little faster than you see an airplane pass over at high altitude... This was in between cloud cover and the floor, elevation was unknown. It made a direct pass from South to North, after it passed over we resumed to play catch. We know there is an airport south of us in Eloy. It did not make a sound, absolute silence, we stood perfectly still to try and hear the engines rev, nothing at all. Not really taking in what we saw as a UFO, though the word was passed around a few times. After seeing the speculations on TV a few years back, I kept thinking why is the Air Force lying, I figure it was a Top Secret aircraft. I still believe that so to this day. But with all of Mufon's resources and collaborating stories, maybe you guys can nail down exactly what it was. Good luck, email me with any questions you have, i'd be happy to share any info I have. I have 4 other witnesses, and my sisters might remember who else was out there with us, because I do not. This is not a claim to fame, I do not want to go on TV and look like a loon. This is just an itch I have had bothering me for a while. This was only 5 lights, one my sisters thought it was 7 but I remember counting out 5. Not sure if that helps.
