{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-15 05:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453765","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/765/mufon-5453765.json","updb_database_id":5453765}
{cak} 8 to 12 UFOs drift in and out of cloud cover in unusual formation

I was riding my bike to work for an early morning freight shift at 6:00AM, the sky was mostly cloudy except for one clear patch. I looked up as I was riding and noticed a bunch of lights moving from right to left in and out of cloud cover. I stopped my bike and observed the phenomenon for 3-5 minutes starting at 5:20AM before someone in the house I stopped next to came out on their porch to ward me off because they thought I was going to steal. 

The phenomenon was seen as somewhat star like blue orbs that looked extremely far away and made no apparent sound. They moved moderately fast in accordance with their observed distance and each UFO was spaced apart from each other by a few miles. I observed 8 to 12 of them while facing South and they appeared in a repeating formation.

Another thing of note is that I pulled up the Star Walk 2 app on my phone which shows the location of stars, planets, and many satellites. They obviously weren't stars and I knew the location of the planets at the time and the tracker confirmed that there were no satellites or other objects in the area, not to mention that the objects were moving in almost the complete opposite direction of Earths orbit, which is a path that most satellites follow in their orbital paths. I also got the impression that had I stayed longer, more would become observable in the same repeating formation seen in the first 3-5 minutes

I sketched the sighting when I got home and wrote down all relevant and useful information on the page surrounding the drawing. I also tried to record video but my phone but it wasn't able to capture the lights unfortunately. I am posting both the drawing and the video in the hopes that someone can put filters on the video and maybe enhance it to see what I couldn't. 

This is also my fourth sighting in Albany, Oregon although this one is very different from the first 3 which were observed as weird formations of 3-4 medium sized orange orbs moving in a somewhat similar fashion to this sighting. I also have already made. MUFON report on those 3 sightings.
