{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500765","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/765/mufon-5500765.json","updb_database_id":5500765}
{rjl} 3 UFO over tree top 2 flew away and 1 ascend towards to the air base and slowly hover under me.

I was a student at Loring Job Corps Center in Limestone, ME during the event I eye-witnessed in 1998. I vividly remembered it was around 9:30 at a clear night while I was just walking around the basketball court behind the women's dorm. As I was walking around at basketball court I was just out looking at the clear night sky. Soon I turned my attention as I started to glanced at a far distance as I saw three objects with blinking lights hovering on top of the pine trees. Two out the three objects ascended up to the sky and disappeared. One of the three objects stayed and started to approach towards the basket court where I was and as I started walking back to the steps next to the ladies dormitory. I stayed on the flat form next to the other side of the step leading to the cafeteria. 
The object that I was looking at was approaching towards me and descended lower hovering no more than 10 feet over me. I felt scared and confused thinking that this can't be real. Because I have never in my life had ever seen a UFO this close and personal. I can remember that it was shaped like an oval black craft. Illuminated multicolored lights around underneath the craft. Also with a colored sphere underneath its center. No sounds coming from the craft. I was just amazed that this kind of technology exist and wondering if there was those little green men inside looking at me was thinking about taking me with them or killing me as I was mesmerized by looking at this object flying very low over me. Some other student saw this e this UFO and it ascended up in the sky and disappeared as everyone who saw this were amazed as I was. This was a once in a lifetime experience to eyewitness this event. To the day I die. I will never forget that night.
