{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484765","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/765/mufon-5484765.json","updb_database_id":5484765}
{nd} Four to Five Red/Orange Lights Traveling Eastwardly, Then abruptly Ascending Southeastwardly

On December 6, 2011 I saw and reported a UFO to MUFON that I observed in the Effingham County, Ga. area. 
Tonight, I observed what appeared to be the EXACT same UFO, in Bryan County, Ga. 

At 2353 hours, I was outside in my front yard talking to a friend on the telephone. At approximately, 0000 hours, I observed two stationary reddish white lights hovering approximately 30 degrees above the horizon. From where I was standing, they would have been east of my position, in the vicinity of the Ogecchee River, probably roughly 2 miles east of Highway 17, and 3 miles southwest of King's Ferry Boat Ramp. Just best guess estimate, they would have been in the marsh area, and not near the Ogeechee River, south of Georgetown, but not as far east as the Little Ogeechee River. The two lights hovered from aproximately, a minute and initially I assume it was two helicopters. 

Abrubtly, the two lights, turned into five reddish white lights, all in a straight line, with the first two I saw being the in middle, two new lights to the left of them, and one to the right. These five lights stayed lit approximately, 20-30 seconds, and they were exactly the same type of sighting I observed in December of 2011. The sighting in 2011 was approiximately 30 miles north of were I was tonight. After about 20-30 seconds, the lights went out completely. After approximately another 20-30 seconds, all five lights reappeared. 

Upon reappearing, the lights were still in a straight line, however they appeared to be at a 20 degree upward angle, as if the lights were ascending upward towards the southeast. I got the impression that these lights were ascending upward with linear mometum, and that there was velocity behind a mass in which the lights were all attached too. However, upon reflection, the lights hovered at a 20 degree angle and there was no movement that would have led me to believe they were indeed ascending. 

At that time, I quickly got of the phone so I could try to record the lights with my cellphone camera. As, I pulled up the camera on my cellphone, all five lights disappeared. I filmed the area of the sky for a minute hoping I could capture the lights reappearing, however after one minute I stopped recording. 

After I was unable to record the lights, I tried to call the friend who was with me that saw the lights back in 2011. I knew she was working and moreover, would be working in the area of Hwy 204 and Hwy 17, so she might have been able to look and see if she could see them. 

After about two to three rings without her picking up the phone, the five lights reappeared, however this time they were back in a straighline and were east of the last place in the sky I saw them. If I was holding a ruler out at arms length, the lights were now approximately a foot east of the last place in the sky I saw them. The lights were again, completely horizontal, just as I had first seen them. 

Again, I got the impression the lights were moving eastwardly with a mometum, however in reality I never observed any movement. They appeared stationary. It may have been because of the differing locatoin from the last observation that gave me the impression that the lights were moving. However, I am ultimately unsure why I had the definite impression that the lights were moving and not technically stationary as they appeared. 

Upon seeing the lights again, I immediately hung up the phone and again attempted to film them with my cellphone. Again, as soon as I was able to get the camera up on my phone all five lights disappeared. 

After the last disappearence, the lights never reappeared again. I stayed outside for approximatley 30-40 minutes, without any remarkable being seen, except for some high flying airplanes, that are very common in my area. 

It was a clear night, and visibility was about as good as it gets being this close to Savannah. The sky was clear enough that I could easily see Jupiter, which was almost direcetly overhead of me at the time, and Mars, had not yet come into view to the east of me (in the area of the sighting). Additionally, I never heard any noise from any other aircraft during the time prior, during or after the sighting. 

The flight path from Fort Stewart to Hunter Army Airfield is probably 100 yards east of me, so I am very accustomed to seeing and hearing military helicopters frequently. The last military helicopter I heard the night of the sighting was approximately, 2200-2230 hours. Typically, if there is training or if flights are going on post, I will hear many more helicopters through out the night. 

The lights did not look like any flares that I have ever seen being fired from a airplane or helicopter. I don't see how any flares could maintain a perfect horizontal line after being fired, and I never saw any falling motion from the lights as if they had been ejected from an aircraft. Addtionally, I never saw any upward motion as if they were fired from a vessel or from the ground. 

The only plausible way, I could see that these could have been flares, if they were ejected from an extremely fast moving jet, flying low over the marsh. However, if my estimate of them being two miles out was correct, that would mean that based on my position and the horizon the lights would have been approximatley 2667 feet off the ground. I cannot imagine an aircraft traveling 450 knots, 2700 feet off the ground, and only 2 miles from me and me be unable to hear any noise what-so-ever. Additionally, with the second set of five lights at an angle, that would be an aircraft would have to have passed right over top of another aircraft traveling the the opposite direction, at a high-rate of speed, at night, less than 3000 feet off the ground. Or descending to 3000 feet right behind another aircraft at 450 knots. Not to mention, this would mean another after craft traveling less than 3000 feet would have to be right behind those two aircrafts, traveling east for me to have seen the five lights a third time. Basically, three or more aircraft dogfighting, in the marshes, in between Richmond Hill and Savannah, below 3000 feet, making absolutely no sound. Suddenly, this seems even less plausable.
