{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-29 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528765","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/765/mufon-5528765.json","updb_database_id":5528765}
Addendum to "Shape-shifters" report filed 11-28-2010

This is an addendum to my previous report filed on 11-28-2010 titled, "Shape-shifters: Peach-colored lights/orbs and hovering, fake planes."

I just want to add that the sightings have become a regular thing for me now in the evenings. In my previous report, I mentioned that focused awareness seems to play a big part in whether these "things" materialize, and that continues to be the case. As soon as I leave work at 5:00 p.m. and begin to think about the craft, it appears, almost like clockwork. It continues to follow me for much of my commute home and occasionally seems to respond/react to certain thoughts I "send" it. 

On Sunday evening (11-28-10), while driving home from work through Dauphin County, this thing manifested in varying ways: the standard peach-colored light that can be mistaken for an approaching plane; the fake craft that the peach-colored light morphs into; a craft that followed me over a mountain and erratically strobed a host of colors; and a similar craft that erratically strobed only red. I flashed a flashlight at the thing from my car window a few times but was unable to notice any distinct flashes back other than the strobing that it was already doing.

Tonight, however, the Thing was bolder than ever and appeared in plain sight of thousands of cars on major traffic arteries during rush hour. I was shocked by how bold this thing was: It wasn't just a hovering orange light this time. Instead, it actually PULSED rhythmically (instead of strobing), about one pulse per second, while it hovered overhead (at about "plane altitude") and only occasionally moved about. It barely attempted to behave like a plane or other "normal" aircraft this time.. I saw it behave similarly about 25 miles down the road in a more rural area where it was REALLY conspicuous. In my mind I thought, "You should camouflage yourself more," and at that moment, it faded out and disappeared from view for a bit.

My feelings during these sightings vary from wonder, excitement, and hopefulness to feelings of being unnerved and disturbed. 

I really did not want to add more to my previous report, but I do want readers to know that there are folks out there who are experiencing daily sightings of these shape-shifters, whether we like it or not. I realize how crazy all of this sounds, but I also don't really care about credibility or about proving anything at this point. I'm merely posting this to acknowledge the experiences I've had and the craft/beings responsible for them, to inform and educate readers, and to be a voice for others experiencing the same phenomenon who are hesitant to make themselves known.

If these daily events change significantly (new type of craft or clear contact with an entity), I will be sure to file another report. Thanks, again.//
