{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466765","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4053,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/765/mufon-5466765.json","updb_database_id":5466765}
8 second shutter exposures of night sky one of the shots captpured 5 static objects

I went ouside our of holiday cottage from between 11pm and 1pm on the 2nd, 3rd & 4th of August 2018 to observe the the clear night skies.

1. I was in the garden at our location on holiday(This pertains to the 3rd of August 2018), observing the night sky with my Spotter scope, field binoculars and A Samsung ES28 12m camera attached to a tripod. It was between 11pm and 1am. I was seeing whether my old camera could take pictures of the night sky.

2.I first noticed the objects after I had returned home and was viewing all the photographs on my main computer. 

3. For just a second I thought it was the side and underside of an aircraft, however, after stopping and thinking for a moment, I realised that if this was a moving aircraft, my 8 second photogrpah would show light trails not a static image. Also there are five objects all identical evenly spaced out.

4. My old Samsung ES28 12m pixel camera is a bit old and I was trying the capabilities of the night setting to see if it could take some decent photographs of the night sky. I set the camera settings to "mode/scene/night" as this would allow the shutter stay open for 8 seconds. I then positioned the camera on the tripod to point up. After each shot had captured and processed the image, I then rotated the camera using the tripod adjustments to a different position and then proceeded to take another photograph.
During this time I took eight pictures, taking about 16 seconds from capturing to processing. As this was a very quick thing to do, I pointed the camera to where I wanted to take the picture, then watched the LCD screen to see when it had complete the processing. So between each photograph I looked up, positioned the camera, then pressed the shutter and watched the screen to see when it was ready to take another picture. So I never saw these five objects in the sky with my naked eye.

5. Curiousity mostly, as this is the first time I have ever captured such a photograph. Also what ever this was, was only visible during the 8 seconds when the picture was taken. After each shot I looked up at the night sky and would have easily spotted this. 

6. I only saw this image after I had uploaded it to my main computer two days later(5th August 2108). As this is a slighty older camera it was hard to see anything when viewed on LCD screen, just a 1 or 2 white dot pixels. So I decided to wait till I could transfer them to my main computer when I got home. 

I arrived home on Sunday 5th August 2018. Uploaded all my photographs, viewed them and then spotted these five objects on photograph SAM_2041.
I was quite taken back trying to work out what it could be. I am now very intersted in knowing what this is and why the 5 objects were only visible during just one 8 second photograph and no other photographs? Why there are no light trails as if the 5 objects are static and not moving? And why no sound was heard. I was staying in a very quite part of the countryside. They all look identical and evenly spaced out.
It does give rise to questions, hopefully there will be some answers.

Please note: the date imbedded in the file information is incorrect I often reset the camera settings and put in a random date.(it says March but pictures taken in August.)all other detils are correct.
