{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-06 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483613","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2882,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/613/mufon-5483613.json","updb_database_id":5483613}
{cak} Driving down road noticed giant bright 2 orbs ascending from tree line and it remained in spot for 5 mins. We parked and it hovered no sound towards us.

We have seen many beautiful objects in this area of Buxton near our home since 2012. For my husbands birthday we saw a giant flashing orb come up from the treeline and hover in spot for 2-3 mins and then it went slightly right and back down below the tree line. This was observed on April 29th around 9pm of this year 2016. It was remarkable as if they were celebrating with us. 

Next special event is in this report happened on the night of Friday May 6th around 930PM. We were picking up our daughter from a high school play around 915pm. On the road back home going down river road (Rt 112) adjacent to the Saco river (Where we see many of these light ships) I noticed yet again another BRILLIANT brighter than venus light coming up across the river out of the treeline. As we got closer down the road and had an opening meadow we saw it was not 1 but two orbs next to each other. These orbs appeared to be connected to 1 object. Above the treeline it stayed stationary long enough for us to get to the next street and turn around and come back up to the open meadow. Right past the Rays Auto Garage off of Depot. We pulled aside to watch it still in the same position. Our excitement grew when we noticed that it was now moving towards us and would possibly cross the street we were on. With our sunroof down and all our windows down we noticed no sound. It just beautifully glided along. As it was around 10 oclock our vehicle the orbs dimmed and we noticed the shape of the object to be very long and more triangular. As it got to around 11 o'clock there were MANY lights on this object. We all noticed how it seemed to have 6 lights at least along the side of it and a red light in the middle of the object pulsating too. (In my minds eye i pictured a set of lights also on the other side)
This event lasted at least 7 mins. We watched it cross the street and slowly glide to the southwest till we could no longer see it past the treeline. 

Had to share this one because it was very unusual and had so many lights along it. All 3 of us in the car confirmed that we believed it was a very large triangular shaped UFO.
