{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-23 18:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484613","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75211","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/613/mufon-5484613.json","updb_database_id":5484613}
{cak} Two color changing orbs flying parallel with no noise, ascending slowly and disappearing.

I live in a big three story house that sits on a ridge overlooking Forrest Crossing Golf Course here in Franklin. The back side of my house faces directly West, so there are windows all across the back side of my house for the view and sunset. It was dark out already, time was about 6:22pm CST, and it had just snowed the two days prior. Tonight was a nice clear night though, because all of the weather had moved past us. I was walking upstairs to my 3rd floor living room and glanced out the back window and saw TWO very bright orange colored orbs ascending parallel to one another(very low to the ground), and I knew immediately it was out of the ordinary. So i rushed out to my 3rd floor balcony and started filming them with my iphone as they continued to silently ascend. In the video, you can hear the kids outside on the golf course(in the dark), out playing/sledding in the snow. As the objects ascended, it looked like two circular/ball-like orbs that were spinning and changing shape AND color as they went up in the air parallel to one another. They got up to about 45 degrees from the horizon, and the orb on the left started to fizzle and finally dematerialized after spinning very fast. The orb on the right followed suit and did the same about 10 seconds later. There was no sound..No blinking 'safety lights' that an aircraft would have...and I never saw them again that night or since then. When I downloaded the video onto my computer and looked at it frame by frame, you can see a multitude of various colored dots/lights surrounding the air around each orb. As each orb spins in place, it would change color from white to yellow to orange to pink/red and then back again to white and start the process over again. It seems they had some sort of "field" around them too. This field can be seen in the video frame by frame. The field looks like a lot of smaller orbs surrounding the large two orbs, and the colors of the 'field' were violet, white, red, yellow(i didn't notice this 'field' in person, only when i watched the video later). I've never seen anything like this before, and I watch planes come in and leave ALL THE TIME, heading to our airport here in Nashville. These were not planes, and were not drones...they were something else entirely.
