{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-09 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451613","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110033","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/613/mufon-5451613.json","updb_database_id":5451613}
Pitch darkness while walking on the beach. UFO turned on it's lights just a few feet infront of us.

I remember this day in 2009, shortly after having graduated High School, like it was yesterday. I am getting chills thinking about this event fully at the moment and shedding a tear at the prospect we are so close to beings from other worlds.
I had just graduated high school in July 2009. Shortly after, one of my friends, [name removed/CMS], and his family head up to the Outer Banks area of North Carolina in Nag's Head. This is a beautiful beach that is mostly just a narrow strip of land with a bay on one side and the ocean on the other. 
I joined Chris and his family up in Nag's head, where one night we decided to go out at night and walk along the beach that the rental house was next to. We had been walking for what I remember about 10 minutes and being fully immersed in the bitch black darkness at 10pm. With our eyes adapted, there was no moonlight in my memory to illuminate hardly any of the surroundings besides the very edge of the shoreline. 
While walking and talking throughout the walk, only about 10 to 15 feet infront of us on the beach, three bright lights (but not at all LED-like that would blind my eyes nowadays, the lights did not bleed any light from their circular illuminations) suddenly illuminated in a right triangle formation. The lights formed the right triangle where the 90 degree angle was on top, so the hypotenuse would be on the bottom leading up to the point on the right of what we saw. It could be described as what looked like an awkward kite drawn by 3 lights.
The night was so dark, when the craft illuminated it's 3 lights on the 3 points of the triangle, absolutely everything in sight was siloutted by the darkness. I could not make out any of the surface details of the craft, as it appeared as blackness inbetween the 3 light outline.
The craft stayed stationary on the beach infront of us for about 5-8 seconds, giving us enough time to fully lose our sense to do anything and spectated with awe. The craft literally, instantly, without any acceleration, propelled at a 35-40 degree angle off of the beach towards the Atlantic ocean at about 50 miles per hour. Suddenly after a few seconds where the craft seemed to be at least 200+ feet out on it's trajectory over the ocean, it once again instantly changed it's direction to a seemingly perfect 90 degree angle out into space faster than what my human mind can imagine before it disappeared into the distance.The craft made absolutely no noise the entire experience, from it's stationary position to it's instant acceleration.
Right after the craft disappeared from view into the distance, both of us instantly turned to each other and couldn't believe what we just saw. After the initial excitement and disbelief, everything seemed different after that from a personal viewpoint.
I ended up stop talking and haven't talked to the other individual in this story for years, however it would easily be verified if he was ever to be came across.
