{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-17 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473613","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3126,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/613/mufon-5473613.json","updb_database_id":5473613}
{rjl} Pulsating object in sky for more than 1.5 hours. 3 witnesses with cell phone video

AT 11:04 p.m. on Sunday, September 17, 2017 my mother called to me to look at something in the sky. I went outside and stood on our deck with my mother. She pointed out the object to me. It was NE from our position. It was a bright light in the sky. It was a clear night and the object appeared significantly brighter than stars in the sky. The object appeared to be still and I first noticed it appeared to be more than 1 light stacked together. 

I went inside to retrieve binoculars. I used a pair of 8-16x binoculars. My other used a pair of old navy ship binoculars (unsure of magnification. It took me a few minutes to locate the object through the binoculars; my mother quickly found the object. When we both located the object we agreed that it was changing shapes and colors and it was rapidly moving erratically in a limited area of the sky. The movements were in all directions and seemed random. The object appeared to change shapes constantly. It also changed colors - white, red, blue, green. 

I laid down the binoculars and filmed the object on my cell phone. I have three videos totaling about 50 minutes of the object along with 12 still photos. 

My mother returned inside. During the event I was texting my three siblings. My brother drove to my house to see the object. He arrived around 12:25 and stayed until 1:34 a.m. I went inside before he left, around 12:15. 

This is the third sighting of objects from our house. We have seen a total of six objects. Our first sighting was of a disc-shaped craft at a close distance (it was close enough I felt I could shoot if with a hunting rifle). Our second sighting was of the apparently same disc-shaped craft, along with 2 smaller escort crafts at a longer distance. A fourth object was traveling a different flight path to intersect with the other crafts. Both of these sightings also had multiple witnesses. 

I am a MUFON member and helped John Ventre late last year upgrade some of his presentations. Because of the size of the file attachments, here is a link to the google drive where the videos and photos are housed. 

[location moved/cms/rjl]
