{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-15 01:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504613","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3123,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/613/mufon-5504613.json","updb_database_id":5504613}
{kt}group of six UFO associated to a resently recovered 295 yard long asteroid

On January 15 PM11 I finished to watch tv and I did my usual skyhunter routine to go to my south-facing window to watch the deep black sky before I go to sleep. Outside was 40 below zero, there was no stars in the sky, just the shiny moon can be seen. The moon located on my left side halfway up and a single star I saw beside in 1 o'clock direction 2-finger distant from the moon. I was surprised because I saw this star a year ago only for one night in the same time last year 2013. I did not see this star since, but I spend a lot of time to find it.  I call it a ghost star. When I saw it I didn't make any photograph that time because I didn't know what is it, could be just a star. 
This year on January 15, 2014, I was prepared so I was ready to make a photograph of it. When I saw it at PM11, it was half-way up in the sky so I waited to rise higher and at AM1:44 and AM1:45 I made a shot on it. I was a little bit in a hurry because the clouds started to grow, so after a second shot I stopped my observation. After this I went to my bed but I couldn't sleep, the ghost star was in my mind. About AM3:00 I gone back to the window and I saw the moon blurry from clouds with some clearings. I made another shot soon as the moon cleared up. Every photograph I made outside front of my front door from the same position. Next day I slided my camera SD card into my copy machine and I made 3 pictures. The first on was little bit blurry from my body motion, the second shot came out nice and clean. But the ghost star some how was stay rough edged. I was suspicious so I zoomed the ghost star by my copy machine and I used my 10x magnification glass lens to see the details. I saw the ghost star wasn't a single body object, but the group of 6 individual bodies. One of bigger one located in 9 o'clock direction, another big ones in double in 3 o'clock direction, 2 smaller ones in 7 and 6 o'clock directions and the last smaller one farther back high in 1 o'clock direction. The group of flying objects varied in oval and disc shape form. My first thought was they are maybe a group of meteorites or asteroids. Then I studied the 3rd photograph, it was covered by clouds and small openings and I barely saw something in 1 o'clock direction at the ghost star location that I didn't see that time. I took a photographs I gone back to the copy machine and I zoomed in on something on another picture. ( the documentation continue in my next UFO report )
