{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519613","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37171","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/613/mufon-5519613.json","updb_database_id":5519613}
Mid-night encounter with unseen presence speaking in a foreign/alien language, time slowed down around me, left body and defended myself

Last night bed time rolled around and I went to sleep as usual. Shortly after that, I got a pressure in between my eyes and up around my sinus area "while in sleep state," Ive felt it before and am familiar with it. Next, I got the very strong sensation of my head rushing forward like I was the hood ornament on a vehicle going 90 mph down the highway.

Next, the usual kicked in, rigid arms, legs, neck, and trying as hard as I could to force my eyelids open but only getting a small peek. Usually, when I peek at this moment, the room looks distorted versus when I am awake and have my eyes open. This is where it got a little more interesting. I actually felt everything around me "slow down," so to speak, like if you were to slow audio down and it got deeper and slower.

As the slowing down began, I could hear this voice talking in a deep foreign/alien language and it was not nice. Funny thing is, I understood this language in my trance like half awake state and knew it was threatening and not of good intentions. Next, I felt myself lifting up out of my bed. People, when I say lifting up, I mean I really felt it. So I started fighting back like I always do, I felt myself leaving my body and could see my room clear as day. The only thing on was my alarm clock which gave off a blue glow.

I was literally outside of my body and self aware, but ready to protect myself. Next, I shouted "In Jesus name Amen!" Now, Ive said this before in similar attacks, and although I don't totally understand the bible and believe we don't hold all the answers, I do believe in the power of faith and that Jesus had the best of intentions for us, was crucified with best of intentions for us, and was divine.

After this, things took a strange twist. I made it over to my closet door and shouted at this presence in the same tone "deep and slow," and language it had first approached me with. I was actually speaking its language back to it, basically telling it to leave me alone and that I had courage and was gonna fight it. Finally, this sounds strange but I shed my skin like a suit and I was something like pure energy, but still similar to the anatomy of the human body. Next, I looked down at my hands and they had things in place to fire light out of my fingers, so I repeatedly fired some kind of energy/light beams up at this presence that I can only say was above my apartment in the sky.

I was filled with love, goosebumps, a measure of healthy fear, and a sense of not being pushed around but grateful to have made it through whatever this was. I then woke up to a peaceful and totally quiet room, thinking to myself how strange this life can get.

Just writing it sounds crazy, but I give you my human word its the complete truth.
