{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1970-06-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"9330fj","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180664,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Horses react as if to predatorForm
97-AR
Date: Saturday, 26 Nov 2005

From: Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist
Subject: Apache
Junction, AZ, June 2, 1970

Cat: 4
To: NICAP

Animal Reaction
Feature:

Lulu Luebben, on the staff the Apache Sentinel, was
awakened at 2 AM by horses in a corral.11
Their snorting and movements made her think a coyote was in the corral,
so she got up, noticing a faint odor of something burning, and looked out.

She saw a craft hovering between her and highway 60, located
6 blocks from her house.1 The light from
the UFO was so bright Lulu could see details of vehicles on the highway as they
passed behind the object. After about 15 minutes, the object moved to the far
side of highway 60, so the trucks were now passing in front of the object.1

1

The sighting:

The object was in view for 30 minutes before moving off to
the SW.1 The weather is not described,
with the exception of a report that prevalent winds over the state were N-NW.

[I have search for the street location in order to estimate
distances and topography between the witness and the object, but could not
locate Lu-Roy Lane.1 The witness1s
description of being east of Route 60 suggests the general location is east to
southeast of Apache Junction.1jw.]

The object was described as being composed of two circular
structures, a larger one on top connected to a lower one by a rod.1 Three bar appendages were on the bottom, but
the hovered over the ground and did not land.1
The top structure was an intense glowing blue, and the bottom was a neon
glowing yellow.

No sound, no physiological, and no EM effects were reported.
Ground illumination was reported.

[See article below for the Sentinel1s investigation involving
Williams Air Force Base, airports, Weather Bureau, highway patrol, Sheriff1s
office, and Drs. McDonald and Hartmann at the University of Arizona.1jw]

Source: Skylook
#33, August 1970 (copied below): [which was copied in turn from the Apache
Sentinel1 June 10, 1970]:

Strange Hovering Craft Seen in Arizona

1111 The early
morning skies of Apache Junction are not as peaceful as many of us would like
to imagine.1 There are things, it would
seem, in the neighborhood, which glow and go bump in the dark.

1111 Staffer Lulu
Luebben said she was awakened about 2 a.m. Tuesday morning, June 2, by the
horses in the corral, who were moving about restlessly and snorting.1 Thinking a coyote was in the corral, she got
up.

1111 As she did so,
Lulu said she smelled a faint odor of something burning and thought her husband
Roy had left a cigarette butt smoking in an ashtray.1 As she got out of bed and looked out the window, however, the
sight of a strange, hovering craft drove all thought of the cigarette from her
mind.

1111 The craft,
according to Mrs. Luebben1s eyewitness account, appeared to be constructed of
two circular structures, the larger one on top lit with an intense glowing blue
light.1 The bottom one, which appeared
to be connected by some sort of rod, was a neon, glowing yellow.1 Mrs. Luebben said it looked like three
iron-bar type appendages were on the bottom of the craft, although it did not
sit down, but hovered over the area.

1111 The object
hovered in the area between the Luebben1s house, which is located on Lu-Roy
Lane about six blocks east of highway 60-70-89 [I could find no highway 70 or
89 in area1jw], and the highway.1 Lulu
said the light was so bright that she could identify types of vehicles moving
on the highway behind the craft, such as a semi-truck, lumber truck etc.1 After about 15 minutes, the object moved to
the other side of the highway, and Mrs. Luebben reported that she was sure of
this because cars passing on the highway were between the Luebben house and the
craft.

1111 Although the
sighting may sound like science fiction, several other people in the area have
seen objects in the sky at night with apparently the same intense blue light.

1111 Hud Hutchinson,
employed as a security guard at Falcon Field, said he and two other men watched
an object with the same type of blue light slowly cross the sky toward Williams
AFB.1 He said at the time all three men
had to reassure each other that they hadn1t been dreaming.

1111 Two persons in
the Bush Highway area last October sighted an object again identifiable by the
same blue light, crossing the sky to the west.1
Mrs. Doris Mathews and Richard Sayers, both of Boston St., just west of
Bush, watched what they thought was a brilliant blue falling star suddenly
appear to the southwest and cross the sky toward the north.

1111 Then, instead of
falling as they expected, the blue light suddenly went out as though it had
been extinguished.1 Once again, both
persons had to reassure each other they had actually seen such an object in the
sky.

1111 Checks with the
Pinal County Sheriff1s Office and the Arizona Highway Patrol1s Claypool and
Phoenix Offices revealed no reports by motorists of sighting unusual lights
along the highways around Apache Junction.

1111 A check with
Williams Air Force Base produced the information that Williams had no aircraft
operational at the time of Lulu1s sightings and that there have been no
reported sightings of UFOs within the last six months.

1111 Although the air
Force has closed its research project which was entitled Project Blue-Book, it
is still a part of Air Force policy to advise whether or not the air base
nearest the sighting had any operational aircraft at the time of the sighting.

1111 The Sentinel
then called the Administrative offices of the Weather Bureau in Phoenix.1 The Bureau informed the Sentinel that
weather balloons are not launched from the Phoenix facilities of the
bureau.1 The prevalent wind patterns
from the state were North-North-west, the nearest station which could have
originated a balloon is Wilcox. [Wilcox is located in the SE corner of the
state about 120 miles SE of Apache Junction.1jw]

1111 The weather
bureau spokesman also stated that the balloon does not have internal lighting
and moonlight would not cause enough reflection to match the reported lights.

1111 A check with the
tower at Sky Harbor Airport revealed that there have been no sightings reported
to that facility for the last six months.1
Both the Williams AFB and Sky Harbor replies cover the entire state.

1111 The Sentinel
contacted two members of the Astronomy Department of the University of Arizona,
Professors William Hartman [Hartmann1jw] and James E. MacDonald [McDonald1jw].

Professor Hartman who is an assistant professor at the Lunar
and Space Laboratory, is a co-author of the controversial 1Colorado Report1
which was sponsored by the Department of Defense.1 The report found no evidence to support the existence of
Unidentified Flying Objects.

1111 1After two years
of research I do not discredit the possibility of extra-terrestrial visitors,
but I do feel that most unexplained reports are caused by atmospheric
phenomena.1 There are so many of these
phenomena that I could not identify them all.1

1111 Professor
MacDonald, who is an atmospheric physicist and one of the leading critics of
the Colorado report told the Sentinel after speaking to Lulu and hearing the
result of the Sentinel investigation, that the object Lulu sighted could not
have been a meteorite or any known atmospheric phenomena.1 The professor also stated that while the design
of the 1ship1 was unusual, it was not unprecedented.

1111 However, Prof.
MacDonald stated he could offer no explanation of the sighting other than the
fact that due to the agitated state of the horses, it was no hallucination.

Source: 1Apache Sentinel,1 June 10 1970, Credit; William J.
Fisch.
