{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 04:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493154","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/154/mufon-5493154.json","updb_database_id":5493154}
{nd} Very Bright like the Northern Star with multi colored lights

I usually wake up on the weekends to take pictures of sunrises and since i didn't go out and do that for the last 3 weekends previously in May i wasn't sure what time the sky started to brighten up. So i woke up at 4am and laid in bed for 5 minutes and got up and took a peek out the west bedroom window and looked up at the sky and noticed it was dark still, also noticing a bright object in the sky. 

I thought it was a drone at first but said why would anyone be flying a drone at this time of morning. I quickly ruled out the northern star as this object was in the form of a triangle shape hovering with colored lights. The bedroom window was already open and i opened it a little farther to listen if it had a sound or anything and there was no noise. 

I went to the other bedroom quickly and grabbed the Canon Rebel SL1 Camera and manually changed the settings to take the best picture i could being that it was dark out. The camera in auto mode wanted to take the picture with the flash on so i put it in manual and adjusted the camera settings without flash to get the best possible still picture i could. After 30 seconds away from the window to grab the camera from the other room i came back to the window and looked at the object and realized that it was hovering and the lights were changing colors and not in sequential order. 

The object slowly hovering and moving what seemed to me west so away from me but moving northwest at the same time slowly moving and hovering away from me in a northwest to west direction. After 45 minutes sitting in front of the window and taking only 1 picture at this time i realized it was not a Drone, the moon, helicopter, weather balloon, northern star, hot air balloon, any military that i know of without sound, this was not a flare either. 

I took 2 more picture at 5:15am because the sky was getting a little brighter out and i wanted to get a picture when the sky was at the brightest but before i lost it because of the treeline shown in the picture. I remember feeling excited and shocked at the same time!!! I know what i saw and won't forget it and on a Saturday early morning at 4am, thru 6am there is not any noise outside very still so i would have heard a sound coming from it if it was something normal in occurrence. I believe and know this is a UFO because i can't explain what the object was and never seen something that bright and not make noise but hover and move very slowly into the west and north west direction. 

[6/21/15 CL Note: paragraph breaks added for readability]
