{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-12 23:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287154","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2191,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/154/mufon-5287154.json","updb_database_id":5287154}
This has happened regularly ever since I was young. Over the years I've developed and Yes or No answer communication system with the lights.

I'm 30 years old on the 17th of June. I've been seeing them ever since I was 12 or a little younger. I've lived in the same place this whole time. Over the years I've developed a system of mental communication with them that I've tested night after night. I asked them to show themselves if their answer to a question is yes, and remain unseen if the answer is no, after establishing those lines of communication I asked if they understood and sure enough they showed themselves. I get alot of information from them by asking the right questions in the right way and I also have tested to be sure they understood by asking questions I was near positive I would get a "no" response, which results in no sighting, but then ask a question with a quick response "yes" in the form of a sighting. I usually ask them about 7-12 questions a night that get answered with a sighting or a long period of no sighting if their answer is a "no". I have plenty more information and they MIGHT allow me to record video of them but I'm not sure because I've never tried and never asked, but tonight I asked if I should report my sightings and responed with around 7 lights moving in multiple directions which I took as a resounding "yes" answer because I've been doing this for so long. If you want anymore I formation feel free to contact me. In the meantime I'll continue to ask them questions and do what they ask of me through their answers. Thanks for your time.
