{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-25 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476154","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84104","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2393,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/154/mufon-5476154.json","updb_database_id":5476154}
large triangle of lights. in the direction of Jupiter. Very high up. Appeared to cloak once observed starting with leading two lights.

I have been looking after a friends dogs for a few weeks in a private gated, very quiet estate. One evening the dogs started going absolutely nuts, barking and generally being upset by something outside. At around eleven I take them for a quick walk and final pee break before settling down. It was time to do this so I prepared their leashes which is normally a signal for them to get very excited. Not this night. I practically had to drag them out and they were very pensive and still. Staring into the night sky. I stared to head back in and noticed what I thought was an unusually bright, never seen before constellation. It had been a totally cloudless day and the night sky wasn't really dark enough to see stars. I realised I was observing a planet. Later identified as Jupiter, and three similar sized star like stars moving in a triangle formation. Really high up and far apart. The triangle was leading with the front two lights and the third "point" behind, which struck me as odd because (pardon the pun) it flew in the face of conventional aerodynamics. The front two lights reached a certain point in the sky and began to become transparent and eventually disappear totally, leaving the third "point" light playing catch up. When it arrived at the same point, it too became transparent and disappeared. I knew deep down that the object was still there flying through the night sky. I could almost sense it. I've waited all my life for a genuine UFO encounter and the strangest thing was, if felt so normal and mundane. That being said upon closing the front door to the house, I double locked it just in case. Not that that would make any difference at all.
