{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-03 17:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499154","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/154/mufon-5499154.json","updb_database_id":5499154}
It was brilliant, oval , it was moving fast and quietly. had a flash . direcion change and accelerated until lost

Closing out old case
Ruben Uriarte
#7623

Translation

It was 5 pm when I left my house to make a call and saw facing the sky over a tree, a bright, well-defined object, such as a cigarette into detail, and confirm that it was not a plane or a helicopter, much least one balloon. Immediately I began to record a video but could not see it on the phone screen. I switch to photo mode and took two (photo) shots in a row, then took another short video and almost did not see the object. It was accelerating and tried to make another video but it ( the object) was gone.

I observed the object for a few seconds, about 16 seconds, but enough in detail that its shape and intensity, also noted that it was oval and elongated in the center of the object. I turned something black. Before he disappeared I could see changed course and speed up incredibly fast. Immediately to my house and download photos and videos to see how it looked on a larger screen. I showed it to my wife and friends and all were surprised.

I waited for a long time to get a response from several organizations in my country which I had told them that i would send photos and videos, but they never responded so I decided to contact Mufon and tell what I saw.

Investigator's Summary and Conclusion:
I examined the photos that shows a white object in the sky and the video file that would not open for review. Its difficult to determine what the object is in the photos.
Based on the witness observation and photos, the case will be concluded as an Unknown Other.

Spanish:

Anaco, 03 de diciembre del 2013. Hora: 5:00 pm.

Eran las 5 de la tarde cuando sal1 de mi casa a hacer una llamada y mire de frente al cielo sobre un 1rbol un objeto brillante pero bien definido, como un cigarro, al detallarlo m1s, confirme que no era un avi1n ni un helic1ptero, mucho menos un globo. Inmediatamente comenc1 a grabar video pero no lo lograba ver en la pantalla del celular. Cambie a modo foto y saque 2 fotos seguidas, luego tome otro corto video y ya casi no se ve1a el objeto. Mire con mis ojos como est1 acelerando mucho y trate de grabar otro video pero ya se hab1a ido.
Pude observar el objeto por pocos segundos, alrededor de 16 seg, pero lo suficiente para detallar su forma e intensidad de brillo, tambi1n note que ten1a forma ovalada y alargada y en el centro del objeto giraba algo negro. Antes de desaparecer pude ver como cambiaba de rumbo hacia arriba y acelero incre1blemente r1pido. Inmediatamente entre a mi casa y descargue las fotos y los videos para ver c1mo se ve1a en una pantalla m1s grande. se lo mostr1 a mi esposa y amigos y todos se sorprendieron mucho.
Espere por mucho tiempo respuesta de varias organizaciones de mi pa1s a las cuales les hab1a pedido enviar las fotos y videos, pero no me respondieron nunca. Por eso decid1 en contactar a Mufon y contarles lo que vi.
