{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525154","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4027,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/154/mufon-5525154.json","updb_database_id":5525154}
though not the first i have seen, certianly the most and nightly

the first night, which was sunday, i sat outside for several hours and saw 12 'Falling stars' and several of the ones that apear starlike but pulsate several colors though they stay realtively stationary. Monday I woke up around 12 and to see if there was anything going on. I went outside and found several of the starlike ones, but much closer and brighter and moving, when I first got out there there were probably 5- 10 that i could see in the sky overall. i watched them and then an extremely bright light illumitaded the entire tree line and slowly rose out never ceasing its light. its movements were very deliberate and remained. it appeared blimp shaped and it did seem to make a slight steady hum. it rose to about 5 feet over the trees would slowly come towards me and then move back, but not side to side. it shon the light only on the trees, never directly at me. after about fifteen minutes of this its light was turned off and within seconds a cross shaped object flashing everycolor very brightly and moving fast in all directions inclueing cirular replaced it. it came closer to me but mainly just hovered above the treeline. It was joined after about half an hour by another one, slightly smaller and though flashing maintained a prodominatly orange color, also crossshaped. after a period of time I looked around the rest of the sky and realized that about fifteen to twenty of the starlike ones were present, all with the flashing lights of many colors but could pass as one if not being looked for. there was also a larger one and i don't really know what shape it was, it was farther away, higher in the sky. though staying in a general direction it moved about in all direction, though remained stedy, not irratic as the crossshaped ones had, orwith the wobble/slight wander of the starlike ones. It appeared as though a helichopter approached it at one point but the larger object came at it. It may not have been a helichopter at all as it may have docked on it but it was the approximate size of one with a light such as one may have. I turned my attention back to the crosslike ones. the brighter bigger one wass still above the treeline, slightly less active. the orangish one had moved away from it but was still very noticeable. I watched them for awhile, then turned back ot the one that had docked/absorbed the item, which was still there. there was now another much larger one, i think its lights were red, but it had a bluish color. this one, maybe three time, shot down blue spheres, which i never saw return to it. finally I decided to try to get some sleep, so I went in. I was excited though so i went back out after about thirty minutes. there was a massive amount of the starlike ones throughout the sky, the crosslike ones were still there, and several sphers had joined them. but something i had never seen were two things that appeared to be only foggy light. the one near the treeline was largeish and possibly triangular, more blue than green. the other one, huge was possibly an entity, as it appeared to walk up steps at one point but maintained no shape. when I went in there were up to at least 30, varying in size and shape. I am rushed for time now but I feel it is very important to state that this is the army of the LORD, and very very soon everyone will know they are here. i will add more later if i can edit it.
