{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-01-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548154","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/154/mufon-5548154.json","updb_database_id":5548154}
Witnessed a disc with a dome on top hovering above a house behind ours.

The date and time of this incident is approximate, the event did occur around 9:30 pm and it also occurred in the first days of Jan. I1m recalling this narrative from the memories I have of the event as it occurred 34 years ago when I was 7 years old. My sister who is 4 years older than me witnessed the same event, however, to this day we have never mentioned it in conversation with each other and didn1t really discuss it much after the day it happened.

We had both bundled into our coats to take our collie puppy out for the last time that evening. We went out the backdoor of the home, but the puppy stayed at our feet rather than run out into the yard. My older sister noticed the craft first, and told me to look. We watched the craft hover motionless above a home about 100 yds behind our house. The craft was approximately 50 to 60 feet above the house. The craft was disk shaped with a very obvious dome on the top. Prior to gradually accelerating away the craft emitted a beam of light that lit a large area around the house it was above. The craft then smoothly accelerated out of sight to the west. My Older sister looked at me and said, 1That must have been Santa Claus.1 

Our Dad was working in Omaha at the time and came home about fifteen minutes after we came inside. We were telling our Mom about what we1d seen, my older sister kept saying it was Santa. Both parents could probably see we were visibly shaken by the event. My father spoke to me later about what I1d seen, I told him that it wasn1t Santa. He asked me to draw a picture of what I1d seen and I did and gave it to him. I don1t know if he still has it or not. My father told me that he had also seen lights in the sky that night as he was driving home. The lights were all at a distance from him. The next day I went to the house that the craft hovered above, I don1t exactly know what I expected to see but I remember that there wasn1t anything particularly out of the ordinary.

We moved from the area about two years later and we have only gone back to Blair a few times. The last time I went back was about 5 years ago, I took my wife and kids to see where I1d grown up. Our old house was still there as was the house the craft hovered over, not much had changed, but that event was the first thing I thought of when I saw the old house.

A little about the area around Blair, NE: (1.) Omaha is about 30 miles away and during the 701s there was a large Air Force presence there. (2.) There was/is a nuclear power plant in Fort Calhoun, NE about 10 miles away. My father had witnessed lights over the nuclear power plant several times.
