{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526467","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/467/mufon-5526467.json","updb_database_id":5526467}
took a panoramic photograph of mountains, detected object in frame a day later.

Saturday afternoon, nearly at 1200, I stepped out into the back yard to take a panoramic photo of the mountains. I don't take many scenic pictures, however after looking out the window to the west, i decided to get the camera. The photo included with this report is a panoramic frame using three separate photos taken moments apart. In my mind that rules out a defect/debris on the lens (otherwise it would appear three times). My camera is a Fujifilm finepix S1000 fd. It was mounted on a tripod at 12x optical zoom, and 3mb resolution. This photo was uploaded to Facebook, and several of my family and friends "liked" it, or commented. Sunday evening I was taking a second look at the picture when it became apparent that the screen on my computer was in need of a cleaning. That is when I detected the black spot on the right side of the frame. I could not identify the object in the picture. After magnifying the object on my screen it became clear to me that I was looking at something with a defined shape, but nothing familiar to me. We do see some air traffic here in the Colorado springs area, and I was an aviation ordinance man in the marine corps. So, I'm good at aircraft identification. This object does not appear to me to be a bird, or aircraft, so i have decided to report it as "unidentified", and "flying"...

I will upload two photos of the object.
first will be the original panorama photo, and second will be a cropped and magnified image of the object. In the original it will appear on the far right 1/3 of the frame as a black spot in the cloud. 

note: At no time did I detect this with my naked eye, and did not discover it in the the photo until a day later.
