{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483467","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76421","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/467/mufon-5483467.json","updb_database_id":5483467}
Massive black sting ray shaped object over trees on my river bank only looked up because I heard humming sound moved slowly up river. Had huge bolts and heiryglyphs.

I haven't said anything because I don't want them to come back whatever it was. I had just arrived home from work. I was talking with my son on my cell phone. It was still light out. I walked up on the back deck and propped up on the rail facing the river which is just behind my house. I was still talking to my son and heard this humming sound I took my eyes off the river and looked just up at the tree line and there was this massive black sting ray shaped minus the tail object. I never even said a word to my son about what I was seeing. My first thought was "oh God they've found me"?. Strangely my second thought was they can hear me or read my thoughts so I just looked at it and never changed the conversation I was having on the phone.I was pretending that I didn't see them. I remember seeing these huge bolts and some type of hyroglyphs. Ive tried so hard to forget about it but now slowly it's coming back to me. I had forgotten about the hyroglyphs and only the past day did it come back to memory.I think now how was it possible for such a massive craft to stay in the air that low and moving that slowly with no visible motor only a humming sound coming from it? This was my second experience but not from the same craft the first one was yrs. Before and my entire family witnessed it. In the past couple of weeks I've had 2 dreams just out of the blue that worries me. And a couple years ago I discovered by accident that there is something in my wrist that can only be seen under strong uv light like in a tanning bed which is where I saw it for the first time.I've never had it checked because I don't want to know for some reason what it is only 2 other people know it's there and we joke that I'm chipped but after the dreams and the hyroglyphs coming back it's not quit as funny.I've tried so hard to rationalize the event that it was just some sort of secret govt.object and maybe it was? How could Noone else see it? Where did it go? I have questions but I'll never no the answers and maybe I don't want to.I didn't give my address because I'm scared and I don't know who to trust and I hope this wasn't a mistake.I just thought maybe you had maybe heard of something like this before. I've searched pics on the Internet but haven't been able to find one that matches. If you know what it might have been if you could send an email I would appreciate it. Thank you.
