{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-05-28 23:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452467","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/467/mufon-5452467.json","updb_database_id":5452467}
Large 90 foot Silver sphere stationary above power lines.

The year was 2000 I had been driving home on 16th Avenue going towards 264th Street in Aldergrove British Columbia Canada. As I was going down 16th Avenue coming towards 264th Street there are high tension power lines that are at the end of this road. Right on the corner of 264th Street and 16th there is a rather large Powerline and structure as I approached the intersection to make my left turn I looked up into the sky it was 11:30 at night.There were no other cars on the road going in any direction and aldergrove is very close to the United States border. approximately 400 feet from where I needed to turn and to the right of me where the power line was I looked up above the power line into the night sky and saw a light but heard no noise. Assuming it may have been an aircraft but saw nothing just a light. I thought this strange and for some reason I decided to pull over to the side of the road into a little gravel spot and stop my car and turned off the ignition. The light was still in the sky and I exited my vehicle and stood beside my car looking up high above the power line and there in the sky hung like a picture on a wall just motionless and soundless was a large metallic silver oval shaped round ball. The side of the object that faced me had three large rectangular Windows approximately 20 ft by long by 2 feet wide they were all in a row right directly in the centre of the object. I could see a colour inside the object that looked to be a light tan color and there was a very dull or dim light in each of the windows. at first I thought it might have been a helicopter hovering above the lines but there was absolutely no traffic noise and no sound emanating from the object. It was also round with no edges. I could hear a low hum from the Powerline but nothing from the object at all. The object remained stationary approximately 50 ft or less probably less from the top of the power line just hanging there with the lights on inside of these three large windows and I stood there and stared at it. I have no idea how long the object had been there before I arrived but I assume sometime. I immediately went from feeling Wonder to feeling fear and got back in my vehicle and hoped it would start which it did and as I drove away after the stop sign and made my signal and left turn I glanced back of the object was still stationary above the power line. I know what I saw it wasn't an aircraft it wasn't helicopter of any kind it was a large large silver metallic ball just hanging there with three windows with lights on in the inside and I'll never forget what I saw it was there I saw it. This was unlike any object I've ever seen I'm sure it wasn't a military craft of any type or sort no sound at all and it was rather large. This was at a time when there were no drones and there still are no drones this size. Previously perhaps three years prior to this my mother had seen an object that was not similar to this as it was disk/saucer shaped with Windows all the way around it and could see figures inside.There are quite a few sightings in Aldergrove. anyways it's been on my mind all of this time and I thought I would send you in this report. Perhaps this object returns to this location all the time I don't know. I have since moved from the location but I do know what I saw was not made by man and not from this world.
