{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-18 05:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502467","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4159,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/467/mufon-5502467.json","updb_database_id":5502467}
{rjl} Photographed 78 sequenced photos from SLR 2 lenses very strange object floating in clouds before sunrise

Alrighty I finally heard back from a couple of friends who have experience with unusual pictures/videos and unidentified objects... My good friend from MIT has been dissecting my photos for the past 5 days and he can't find any reason for the object in my pictures so there for it will be unexplained. He has stated that the object is not lint nor any foreign object on my sensor or lens in-fact my lens had spots on it (not a pro) that actually helped identify that the object was far away from the camera in point of fact . My other good friend from ASU has ran the object through a known sightings and UFO image database and has found no matches or similarities of photographed phenomenon. He also explained to me that since I'm not looking for any publicity or monetary gain that it would be fine to post slideshows of the images. He made it clear to me to disclose that I am not a professional photographer and the photos I took are just photos of a object that is in a curious contrast to current known aircraft and weather phenomenon. 

The basics of when where and why. It was sunday May 18, 2014 5:05am. Rocky Peak Road exit 118w. facing east dawn view of the sky over San Fernando/Simi Valley area. I was on my way to camarillo to do some work at my mothers home. i habitually leave early way before any traffic and just so happened to stop at rocky peak... my dog was whining and looked anxious like he was about to wet my back seat. I exited the 118 let my dog relieve himself and noticed it was right on time for some pictures of the sunrise. Grabbed my camera (Nikon D7000) from the trunk put on a wide angle lens (sigma 10-20mm f4-5.6) and proceeded to snap a few pictures. This was the last thing i ever would have expected to catch on camera. Please bear with camera skills i got nervous while taking the photos. I switched to a Zoom Lens (Nikon 70-300mm f4.5-5.6) after i couldn't figure out what was in the picture then right before my eyes... to nervous and fidgety to set my camera well but still snapped all the pictures i could before the morning sun got too bright to focus on the object. As i was staring into the sunrise 3 male hikers asked me if i was taking pictures of the dawn sky..? then one of the hikers said under a breath "Did you see the strange "scaffold" in the sky? We had observed it as we parked our car?" The hikers vehicle is photographed early in the sequence... this is all the info i have on this subject. but if you have seen this object please drop me a message i just would like to know... that besides me and the other 3 individuals we're not alone in seeing this amazing sight!
