{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-01 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524467","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31379","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/467/mufon-5524467.json","updb_database_id":5524467}
Watching stars move different directions then heard jet liner around 50 yards out

My friend and i had gone out camping, we had a a fire going and a were laying bag looking at the stars. We saw a few meteors and quite a few constellations. Then out of nowhere a large amount of the stars started moving! We were examining them and noticed that they were definitely were not shooting stars. They were moving in several different directions, turning around, zig-zagging, and moving up and down, all of which a man-made craft could never accomplish in the present or even near future. Then we witnessed a brighter lit craft blinking in accordance with a dimmer one which seemed farther out. Then out of nowhere a faster moving craft with blinking white, red, and blue lights that were blinking rapidly changing between those colors came across the sky then halted when it came to the brighter craft i have mentioned earlier for a brief moment. Then it continued onward ducking behind the tree line not to be seen again. We kept watching for about another 45 mins to an hour. Then about 50 yards from us was a HUGE unmistakable noise. It sounded like a jetliner on the ground after a long flight, but then it within a split second was completely silent. Then upon listening further we heard it again, this happened one more time as we were trying to figure out what it was as this is a setting where we are out in the boonies with nothing like that around. Upon the last jetliner like noise we then felt a heavy aura and feeling of fear, as if there was something big pouring its essence our way. Then we heard the farmers dogs across the way behind the tree line barking as though they sensed something bad, and almost immediately we heard a somewhat mimicking noise as though the aliens were trying to mimic the the dogs but we could tell it wasnt the dogs because it was a little different, with a lot more echo to the sound. At this point we decided it was probably a good idea to douse the fire, pack up all our gear (I say pack up but i mean we literally just threw it all in the back seat of my friends car), then my friend said "If i don't go look Im going to regret it." So after the gear was in the car I was waiting for him to come back, I got impatient with waiting fearing what could be and went to go find him. I caught him as he was walking back in a rather fast pace as he seemed freaked out as we both were. Then i told him to hop in the passenger seat and we left slowly trying not to make any excess noise. At this point my friend had his phone out recording just in case something else were to happen so we could capture it in video. Nothing else happened unfortunately and I know no one will believe us but we saw what we saw and heard what we heard and there is no doubt in my mind that aliens do in-fact exist. Thanks for reading my story and if you have any questions feel free to email me at (e-mail address removed) CMS 09/01/11 21:46 cst
