{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-31 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287467","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2995,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/467/mufon-5287467.json","updb_database_id":5287467}
The brief glimpse I got looked like a combination of a grey but with appeared greener,

I watch a live stream camera regularly and and this time everything began turning odd immediately. There was a bright flash of light in the sky that was not lightning, I was able to rewind and pause to be certain. The objects began manifesting immediately after the flash of light . There were too many to count. There were bright multicolored light that were like a colorful strobe light. It was pith black but the light was so bright it made it as if it were brighter than normal day light. The bright lights followed with more objects appearing. The objects were very bright colors and the moment the activity began that is when the noise was heard. It started immediately with the activity and it stopped the second there was a flash in the sky and it stopped. Everything lasted for almost an hour. I only saw it on the livestream I regularly watch. I held my laptop up to the screen to try and record a brief clip so I could have some evidence to show you just a a few of the objects and so you could hear the noise. The noise also seemed to be some kind of language using vibration because I noticed the vibration patterns seemed to coincide with materializing some kind of bright lit hole like a portal used to leave. The noise almost sounded like some kind of language and it was very loud. I noticed a few times the objects would also seem to emit some kind of mist almost like a cloud but they did that as they were on the ground. The live camera went out 3 times during this event and that is something I have never witnessed anything this strange before and I lived in Phoenix previously and witnessed the phoenix lights. This was far more strange.. The live camera feed is titled, "Quanah, Texas, USA, Virtual railfan live. The date it is from is May 31 at sometime between 2 am and 5:30 a.m. Also what was odd is that when all the objects left it went from pitch black to daylight within less than one minute and stayed that way. I wanted to give you the information for the live feed so you could contact the person who runs it and get a copy of the feed. Its just a live camera and because its live I cant send a direct clip. There was so much going on that I couldn't explain it all if I tried.
