{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526320","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/320/mufon-5526320.json","updb_database_id":5526320}
round, bright light in tree 25 feet away

On Feb. 9, 20ll I went outside in the dark to hang up a couple of plastic bags that I washed. The hanger was at the north end of the back deck As I went to hang them up I saw a light in an evergreen tree just 25-30 feet from where I was.
I took 6 steps to the edge and looked at the light. It was about 8 inches across and very bright. It went back and forth about 10-12 feet along the branches. However, it was in front of the branch because the density of the light never changed.  There was no sound. I stood there my eyes telling me it was seeing an orb in my tree and my brain saying "no, you do not see an orb in the tree."
I had no idea what the orb whas when I saw it. ( After it left I called 2 neighbors and asked if their grandchildren were outside playing with a flashlight. They both said no.)
I stood there watching for about 2 min. It was getting cold so I ran into the house to get a coat. I grabbed a coat and my cellphone. It was still there!! I stood there watching and called my husband. I thought I was in control but when he answered I yelled "We have a UFO". 
The light continued moving back and forth. It was like an alien student was doing a paper on a fir tree for a science project. The light never moved up or down, just back and forth. I was so stunned I never thought of running through the house to the front yard and looking at the light from the back. My camera would not have had a battery in it so never thought of taking a picture.
When it left it went up a few feet and just disappeared.
I still can not believe what I saw. However, I still check that tree probably 4 times a week hoping to see it again.
