{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500320","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/320/mufon-5500320.json","updb_database_id":5500320}
Saw a bright light in the sky noticed it moving going slow then speeding up at least two smaller objects ejected out of it then it continued over my head slowing down then slowly speeding up

It was about 10:20pm in calgary Alberta I went outside in my backyard for a smoke. I always look at the stars when I go for a smoke but was looking for the moon as we are having a super full moon when I realized my house was blocking it so I couldn't see it. I then turned to look at the Big Dipper when I noticed an extreamly large light moving in the sky. It felt like the wind stopped blowing and everything got quite. The light was moving closer to my position quickly when it slowed down when I saw at least two maybe more objects much smaller and somewhat red in colour but dull come off of it almost like it ejected them off. I managed to keep my eye on one it moved up but slightly south then hovered in one spot. I continued to watch the larger light as it came closer over top of me when it looked like the sky around it was moving almost like the sky was folding around it when it got directly over top of me I noticed around the light everything was darker almost like a black object that struck an extreamly large shadow in the sky surrounding this extreamly bright light after it passed me and moved strait east I heard this weird rumbling sound somewhat like a jet but quiter and deeper in sound almost scary. I have never heard anything like that before. As it slowed down again I got scared I felt like I was being threatened and it wanted me to look away. My heart stopped beating as it moved further east I had a sense of relief fly over me like I'm safe now and it's light became brighter for a split second as it flew away. I turned to see if that small object I saw position itself in the sky was still there and it was very dim and barly noticeable I was still scared so I went inside. I have seen strange objects in the sky before but nothing in my life has ever scared me like that and Iv never seen space move around or appear to move around anything like that before. I have never seen a shadow cast on other stars or heard a noise like that in my life. It has made me feel uneasy and freaked out. Very unsettling. Once it was far enough away the wind was back and so where the noises of the city. I saw a plane fly underneath it once it was further away as well. I felt like I should share this as I know it was real and I need others to know what I saw.
