{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92307","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5468282.json","updb_database_id":5468282}
{td} Observed lighted soundless crafts, three, one around White River.

My then husband & I we're driving downtown Indianapolis one Summer night around 11:30 headed to his son's house on East New York St. He came out and we were talking in his front yard but we we're all wondering what these two crafts, there were three but from his yard we observed two at first. From his yard we could not discern shape, but saw lights and observed hovering and slow soudless movement. It was getting late around MN when we left and began driving along White River parkway West Drive. We pulled along the side of the river and stood looking up at two triangular craft, then looked off to the Southeast across the White river and there was a third moving and hovering, the lights went out then back on, then I observed the one closest to us, it did the same, then as we watched the third one several hundred feet higher up it moved stopped, then shot up into the northwestern sky in the blink of an eye it was gone. Then my husband said we should leave as he had to be up for work so we got into the car, I really did not want to leave. and as we started driving the one nearest us kept pace with out car at 30mph to the intersection of West Michigan & White River Parkway West drive. I told my husband to go real slow as we went under it I rolled down the window and hung out the car to get a really good look at this triangular craft not 45 to 50 feet above our car. It had 3 white lights on the corners of the triangle and one red slowly pulsating light in the center underbelly. It had what appeared to be dark elongated windows all across the two sides of the craft that I could see from my vantage point. then we drove home and I was so upset to leave. When I got home I called the city police and told them what I saw and asked if they could check with our airport, they did, nothing on radar. And no calls from any nearby military installations./ Only about 5 years ago did I find the pictures of the Belgium UFOS and I must say the ones I saw we're identical to the sightings they had there in the 80's.
