{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-09-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31593","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5524282.json","updb_database_id":5524282}
Many in sky;all triangular; two distinct light colors(groups), largest ship flying very slow; smaller ships could move like a flash

This sighting occurred in South Eastern KY around 1976-1977. My sister and I had went down the hill to go to the out house. I was waiting outside for her when I spotted the large plane like object.It came into view over top of the mountain,moving at a very slow speed. I sat there watching it amazed at its size and lack of sound. I remember a drowning sound kind of like a wind, but not the sound that you would think would be associated with the large craft(as I often watched planes fly over the mountain tops at night, I knew that the object that I was seeing was very large indeed and like nothing i"d ever seen come over that mountain before). The ship looked the size of my hand, yet the object was not low flying; It seemed to be flying at least at the same altitude that the larger jets would.
It was in view several minutes before I got my sister to come outside to check out what was going on. I wanted someone else to see this too. Several minutes after she was outside, the first of the smaller ships zoomed into view. 
Several smaller ships came into view at a much higher speed than the larger one had done.The smaller ships came to the front of the larger ship,and went into formation around it (about three ships?), and then slowed down to match the speed of the larger ship.
When the larger ship flew into view, it was moving in an straight line. then it slowly changed its direction by flying in a wide arch pattern (like a "C" ), before going on a straight course again toward Wendover. Note: If you could look at a topographical map and draw a line from Flacky Creek,to Lick branch Hollow, that would be the direction of the first part of the flight pattern, then the ship arched its flight toward Hyden, then turned like a car in a curve to head back up Lick Branch Hollow and eventually over the mountain top toward Wendover, and eventually flew out of view in this direction heading toward Pin Mountain.
When the large ship was making the change in direction, by starting to fly into the arch, my sister and I went running to the house to get our parents and others from the house. By the time they were outside other ships had came into view. There were two distinct colors of lights on the smaller ships. One set matched the lighting on the larger ship in tones of red. The other set were odd blues to blue-green in color. The red lighted crafts were in formation around the front, back, and sides of the larger ship, there were other smaller groupings of the small craft farther out from tip sides and back of the ship. It looked as if they were flanking the large ships. AS the blue lighted crafts came into view the red lighted craft would break away from the formation and pursue them. There would be flashes of light, as if various ships were shooting , and as if the other ships were then hit. But, we never heard explosions, and we never saw debris falling. Some of the craft would fly away over the mountains in pursuit of other craft. They could switch direction so fast it was amazing to watch. They could bank, and drop, than seamlessly raise back to a higher altitude. We watched this for several minutes. At least twenty, then the blue lighted ships were chased out of view, and the red lighted craft came back, went into formation around the larger ship, slowed to its pace, and drifted off over the mountain top moving toward Pine Mountain/Wendover. 
As odd as this sounds, we thought we were witnessing the start of world war three. We had never seen anything like it. We were terrified. The smaller craft looked very similar in shape to some of the jets that you see in military operations on TV now. Except these things could move so fast, and fly in such odd ways. Then there was the larger craft, exactly in shape like the smaller craft, but it had to have been enormous, you could have parked all the smaller craft on top of it and still had room left over. 
My dad had a friend who had flown in World War Two, and he used to fly over our house and put on a dare devil flight show for us. We would also go to the hazard airport to watch him fly from there. I was used to seeing what small jets, and planes, looked like in the sky and on the ground. 
I guess that is why I was so into watching the planes as they flew over the mountains. I was amazed at how small they looked high in the sky. That is how I can tell you that this ship was very big indeed. This was different than anything Id ever seen. The whole thing lasted about twenty to twenty five minutes. After it was over, we went inside and waited for the 11:00 news to come on. We were sure that we would hear about impending attacks and war being waged against the USA. We sat up most of the night listening to the radio, and even listened the next day. To our amazement no one was saying anything. We never figured out what it was that we witnessed that night in the sky. Id love an answer if you can shed light on what it was that we saw happen.
