{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-23 22:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2876,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5501282.json","updb_database_id":5501282}
{nd} Observing night sky and encountered multiple bent winged ET craft

After picking up my wife from work I went outside to begin my CE-5. 
Date was 6-23-14, Monday. San Antonio, Texas.
Facing away the house looking towards down town I locate an ET craft. A flashing light if you will. Tracking the ET orb I notice additional ones. Following the orbs leads me facing the rear of the house. The lights have now moved away from the south to north west. 
What happens next is simply incredible. 
I'm having difficulty keeping complete sight of the orbs so I'm panning left and right. From the corner of my eyes I get a glimpse of something bobbing up and down and slightly side to side. Trying to make sense of what I believe to be watching or perceive I'm watching I catch video of multiple ET bent winged craft. 
The ET craft are just above the second floor and between two houses. 
So now there are orbs and ET bent winged craft in my back yard.
In my opinion the orb, which I see regularly, was somehow protecting me from this ET bent winged crafts.
The orb is more in the center of our place while the crafts are second floor height and bobbing. 
The orb then appears to be antagonizing the craft as if demanding it away from me.
The orb makes its presence known to the craft and as it dancing around it.
In my opinion, the multi bent winged crafts got the message of leaving me be. But not before they make their way over towards the rear of the house when at first they were between two houses. Making a great presence in video the craft climbs slightly and drops down and right away from my home and the orb.
NEVER! I repeat; NEVER has anyone been fortunate enough to witness ET crafts in the fashion I'm revealing. 
It's obvious that I'm a chosen one with a purpose to witness, document, and reveal my CE-5 experience. 
They've chosen me to speak to you about out encounter. Its up to you and me to circulate my experience. 
I want you guys at Mufon to send this out to the world. 
They allowed me this video to share. So then SHARE IT!
