{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5465282.json","updb_database_id":5465282}
{tjd} Large cloaked Boomerang shaped object with a cloaked leading edge

On Wednesday night approximately 1030. I was in a Hot Tub on a crystal clear evening. Stars were very very visible. While reclining in the Hot Tub looking into the sky I observed what appeared to be a large V shaped object that looked cloaked. It moved from above me 90 degrees to out of my line of sight in approximately 5-10 seconds. I could not move fast enough to follow it. Estimated altitude is 3000 feet. The leading edge of this object was all that was visible as you could see the atmosphere disrupted as it moved across the sky. The leading Edge of the V shaped object was well defined as the atmosphere changed however the object was transparent. The only description I could compare it to would be a clear plastic boomerang moving through the surface of water. Where you don¡¯t really see the clear object but see the water move along the edge. I would estimate wingspan as 100 times that of a Cessna. I live near a community airport and see small planes everyday. That is how I am establishing height and size. After the object passed I saw a typical airliner probably 30k in altitude and the airliner moved across the sky at about one quarter the speed of the UFO. The odject appeared to travel in a straight line towards the Southwest. No noise was associated with the object. I have never seen anything like this as the leading edge looked like clear smoke. All you could see was atmospheric disturbance well defined in a very Large V shape. I¡¯m estimating a wing span of 300-500 feet. I¡¯m amazed and confused at what I saw at the same time. I would be very curious if something like this has been reported before. There were no clouds in the sky when this happened. A very very clear night.
