{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-08 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71365","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5488282.json","updb_database_id":5488282}
{cak} have seen others, most lasting impression from this. Bright orange ball of flame in sky SE. Disappeared in split second to reappear split second later to turn blue and shoot straight up into sky.never saw it again, unless it is the same as others

Hi. I would first off like to thank mufon and let you guys know that as a fellow scientist getting himself through college, I commend your bravery in pursuing that truth which is on the fringe of the area that can make Persuing that truth a dangerous endeavor. Let me also tell you that I 100 % understand some of the reasons there are for Persuing this truth. I have seen objects in the sky, always at night, that I cannot just quickly explain away as a plane or helicopter. With the view of the sky in my yard I have quite an impressive span of space to observe. But, for some reason I see more towards the airport which is towards the southeast from my house. Of course yes I see planes and of course I have seen a plane that I thought may have been a UFO when the plane is coming head on towards me. This gives the illusion of the object hovering. But of course planes will normally reveal themselves as planes. But there are the lights that I observe that actually do just hover in the southeast moving left to right and right to left in the sky. I have watched brightly lit objects on several occasions in this area of the sky slowly make there way around the sky going higher, lower, left, right. Zigzagging all around. My interest in ufos peaked about a year and a half ago due to an increased number of sightings. At the Connecticut river fishing with my friend over the opposite side of the river both of us observed a brightly lit white light object make its way closer to the river. When the object appeared to be closer to the trees a smaller red object floated from what appeared to be out of the trees to meet the white object. After a few minutes the objects separated and the red one went back down and the white back up. The white object continued to hover and would go out of view and then would just reappear where it began. The same thing took place one more time before we left for the night. Now of course I do not know if this was aliens but I find it very hard to believe that the government were flying some hovercraft that did not make any noise directly over the city of Springfield and refueling it mid air with some smaller red object again over the city of Springfield. Aliens or not this kicked off me paying even closer attention to the sky. The event that this report is based upon comes next. There are normally lights in the sky that I cannot put a 100% identification on but I can almost always tell myself oh it could have been a plane or helicopter or something that could have been it. Well the event that this report is about could not be explained by me. I was out back on my deck looking into the sky as I do many nights at around ten o clock when I noticed in the sky due southeast a very orange,bright, burning ball of flame. The ball burned in the night sky as if it were just that, a round ball of fire, for what now seems as if it would have been maybe two minutes. At the end of this time the ball of fire very very abruptly ceased.not even a second later, from the very same spot a blue streak shot into the air, straight up and away from earth. When burning the object seemed to be high but not so far away that I would not be able to hear an engine of that size. The fireball could have not been more than a mile away in the sky though I did not hear a thing even when it disappeared for a split second turned blue and shot straight into space. Now is this aliens or was this something being tested by the military? I do not know I only know what it is I saw and that I do not know of a vehicle we fly that does the things I saw other than some type of spacecraft or rocket. Just because I do not know of it doesn't mean it's not humans but whatever I saw was certainly strange. Again it began as a large round burning fireball and in a split second the flame stopped and from the exact same spot a blue streak shot into space. It seemed to me as if this burning. Fireball was building up energy and when enough was made to do what was needed to be done it stopped burning and shot into space. I guess the strangest part of the object was how it was stationary and seemed to be a burning ball of gas for at least two minutes before it shot through the atmosphere as a blue streak. Whether it is humans a natural phenomena or aliens experiences like this are important and are a key part of humans as a species progressing. No matter which way you look at it there are just simply many many more parts of our universe than earth an many many more things for us to learn. I have never been abducted and have never seen a physical alien but I do not appreciate when people are not taken seriously when they talk about extra terrestrials. There are things I've seen that cannot be simply explained away and I know that there are people out there who know far more than me about it but there is some fear of alerting the general public that I actually understand almost completely. Who knows what types of fears would take over the typical human mind when it is known that we are not alone. I am hopeful for it but not everyone is. I feel the human race is very close now to positively identifying life off of Earth. My astronomy professor now is actually allowed to say that there really probably is life in space. If a college can say that than we must be getting close and ya know what with everything being seen in the sky lately by others and by myself it really is not much of a surprise to me at all. The only bad feeling I get from possible alien life is the possibility that people could screw up contact so bad.
