{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5495282.json","updb_database_id":5495282}
I saw a light that responded to my actions as if the occupants knew me.

I stood in my front door and witnessed a craft hovering over the house across the street it was probably 100 feet away. I heard no sound and thought at first it was a satalite or just a star. I was talking to the object and as I watched someone walked down the street on my side of the road. The object descended below the house until the person had passed by and then returned to its original position about a metre above the house and behind it. I immediately ran upstairs and returned with a large knife and I held the knife in my hands with my hands outstretched in front of me. I layed the knife on the ground in a gesture of peace as if I was laying down arms. I have been visited by gray aliens for much of my life and it is always a thrill to see a ufo in the flesh. I have seen about four ufo's and also voices in my head once told me to go outside if I wanted to see something and I walked up the street and saw a shooting star that they had probably been tracking. anyway back to the story... I stood outside my house for about five minutes more and the ufo finally rose up into the sky and disappeared... I really think these type of aliens are here to help us on earth... I think they despise the use of nuclear bombs and they cannot stay on the surface of this planet long because of fungi and bacteria... they are making some of their children into humanoids very much like us however they want their children to lay eggs... I once had an experience of how male grays look after their eggs the female has a vagina where our belly button is and the males suck the eggs out of this hole and clean them in their mouths before returning them to the vagina I am unsure if the eggs are fertilised in this way or if they are merely maintaining the health of the infant grays... Once I was taken to a base where I met some of their human like females and was encouraged to have sex with them.. I had three girls sit on me and they expect you to come immediately so I was unable to come with the first two girls and cried for the third girl to stay on me longer they were really stunning girls in their looks and they had strange vaginas in that they were bigger in girth than our women and the inside of their holes were covered in spikey protuberances as if to give the man grip when he enters them... I was just able to come inside the third girl but I did notice that the girls seemed to lack self esteem despite being absolutely amazing to look at... I felt they thought they were not good enough when I didn't come immediately... I think their vaginas were this size so they can push out eggs with babys inside...I guess you would know their babys because they would not have belly buttons when they break from the eggshell... I have also noticed that they don't like how we eat eggs perhaps because they are scared that they may be used like chickens.. I know this would not happen and I hope you agree with me...
thank-you for listening... Martin
