{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-26 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508282","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/282/mufon-5508282.json","updb_database_id":5508282}
{nd} star like craft decended quickly and formed orion belt pattern in sky with other type craft around all over

Im a hostler in Aurora that works the night shift. On 8/26/13 about 3:45 I was about to back a trailer in when I seen something out of the corner of my eye. I quickly turned my head and immeadiatly noticed an orion belt pattern in the sky. I then noticed two other craft of a different type on either side of the pattern of three. Upon seeing all of this I began to have this overwelming feeling of fear. It all seemed very menacing. I pulled out my binoculars hoping mabe it was just stars previously not noticed. I focus in and there was no doubt this was not stars I was looking at. The craft to the left was a ship with an exterior light and other running lights could faintly be seen behind it. The three ships in the orion belt pattern where just bright lights. The craft to the right was pulsating red, blue, green, and white, and shaped like saturn. I back the trailer in and noticed two people out side having a smoke. I show them the objects and one of them took out his phone to check google star maps. He then says they are not stars. I let the other guy look through my binoculars and he agreed with me that these are definatly not stars or satelites. For the next three or so hours I try to focus on my job but they maintained pattern and omniously hovered above. I called my wife at one point who was twenty miles away and she could clearly see them as well. At one point in the morning there were so many ships that they covered the sky. I work near the airport and there is constant air traffic but while these strange ships occupied the sky, there wasnt any other air traffic. After the sun came up all but two craft where gone and about 6:15 the last two dissappeared. Shortly afterwards I seen a commercial jet for the first time in three hours. I sometimes see strange things working the night shift and never report it, but this is different in the fact that there was an armada of ships and they didn't mind beeing seen.
