{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-21 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452193","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/193/mufon-5452193.json","updb_database_id":5452193}
Large, intricate cluster of many multiple erratically flashing, spinning, moving lights, as well as individual proximal descending orbs.

This happened on the evening of Jan. 21, 2020, between approximately 6:00-6:30 pm. Being winter, it had already been dark for some time. I was home alone with my youngest child (>12 months at the time) and my dog. My husband and other children were elsewhere.
I nursed my baby to sleep. He had been asleep for a short while when I heard my dog begin barking downstairs. We live on the edge of town, very little traffic. My dog doesn't bark at all unless someone drives by the house or knocks on the front door. About the same moment he began barking I became aware of the sound of fighter jets overhead. This was not unusual; we live somewhat close to Duluth, MN, which houses the 148th Fighter Wing (part of the Minnesota Air National Guard) and they fly training exercises or patrols in the airspace above us fairly often--my dog is used to this; he has never barked at anything in the sky before. 
I hadn't heard a vehicle go by, so I got up to check out what was going on.
As I went downstairs, I had a strange feeling in the pit of the stomach, almost a feeling of dread, as though I knew what I was going to see before I saw it. The room at the bottom of our stairs is unfinished, a bit creepy to be in at night alone, and I would rarely go into it myself when my husband was gone. However, I was intuitively drawn to the window of that room, which faces about due north, and I was absolutely in awe of what I found.
I have seen many UFOs before--alien, military, I don't know, maybe both. The sightings were always a single orb or perhaps a couple lights, nothing more than that.
This was the most intricate and complex sighting I have ever witnessed, and I haven't seen anything like it described anywhere else, no similar videos, no similar experiences from people I've spoken with. (Even my husband, who is a UFO enthusiast, admits he has never seen anything remotely close to what I witnessed this night.)
In the sky there was a large cluster of lights, many, many, multiple lights, flickering, flashing, and moving erratically. It is hard to say if they were a single craft or many crafts, but by the movements, I would think there would have to be multiple crafts, perhaps with multiple lights on each craft. I estimate between 30 to 50? Maybe more? The flashing and flickering was completely random, no rhythm or sequence at all. The movements are hard to describe, because there was so much happening at once: there appeared to be some spinning, spiraling, almost curlicue movements, but at the same time those lights were flashing and it was hard to tell their actual direction, and they sort of left trails of light from the speed of their movements, which complicated things as well. Other lights were stationery in place or moving slowly but did not flash or flicker, they remained steadily lit the whole time. The entire scene was very busy, totally silent aside from the fighter jets, but completely active. In addition to the main cluster of lights, there were at least three or four, if not more, other individual orbs involved but more on the periphery of the cluster that mimicked the same sorts of orbs I've seen before: a yellow-ish white light that descends slowly and deliberately before winking out completely. The individual, proximal orbs were definitively yellow-white, but the other flickering and flashing lights were a variety of colors--white, yellowish, pinkish, orangish, maybe even a bit reddish as well. It was a huge amount of activity for my eyes and brain to process in a short amount of time, especially due to the nature of what it was, and so suddenly and unexpectedly, too. 
I had the very distinct feeling that at least one of the individual descending orbs were as aware of me as I was of it--I have had this same feeling when I've seen these types of orbs in the past.
The hair on my neck and arms was standing straight up.
This whole display was silent aside from the noise of the fighter jets and my dog barking alongside me. Of course the noise woke up my baby and he began screaming and crying upstairs. I had the feeling that if I walked away from the window, the lights would be gone when I got back. I let my baby scream for maybe 30-45 more seconds before I couldn't take it anymore and I ran upstairs to get him. I carried him back downstairs and ran to the window; I was shaking and sick feeling--a total adrenaline rush. He was half-asleep and very upset.
The lights were gone when I looked out the window again.
I think I may have looked through other windows around the house (to no avail) before carrying him back upstairs and putting him back to bed. I nursed him to sleep a second time, and through attending to him and my adrenaline rush, I lost track of things a bit.
I know that it wasn't too much later, perhaps 5-10 minutes, when the whole cycle began again.
My dog began barking, I heard the fighter jets roar back into my awareness, and I got up and ran downstairs. This time, at the window, the complex cluster of lights was gone, replaced only by two individual yellowish-white orbs, much lower in the sky, bobbing just above the treeline, and quietly heading east. I ran to another window to track them, but they just kept moving and my son began screaming again, so I went to get him.
I'm not sure exactly how long the sighting lasted, probably only a few minutes at the most. I know I texted my husband, who happened to be in Duluth at the time, at 6:35 pm, to tell him I'd just had a spectacular UFO sighting. 
We spoke on the phone a short while later, my adrenaline still pumping, and I described what had just happened. He reported to me that about half an hour before we spoke he had heard the fighter jets take off from the air force base in Duluth--they were loud and very noticeable.
He had been contemplating spending the night in the city with friends but agreed to come home because I was so unnerved by what I had just witnessed. I was genuinely afraid; it was so surreal.
Eventually I calmed down a bit and put my baby back to sleep. The rest of the night was quiet and uneventful as far as I could tell, and I haven't seen anything else significant since then.
This remains vivid in my mind nearly six months later. I was absolutely floored. I have a BS in Biology and I am skeptical by nature, but I have had enough experiences and done enough research by now to know that this was the real deal. Still, I haven't been able to find anything remotely similar in other transcribed sightings. I'd like to understand it more. It was truly a miraculous experience. I would think that someone else would have seen such a remarkable display of lights, but because it seems like it only lasted a brief time and most people are usually indoors on their screens or eating dinner at this hour, perhaps I was the only one.
