{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521193","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/193/mufon-5521193.json","updb_database_id":5521193}
There were 6 of the family in the car when UFO appeared traveling beside us

1977 Members of our family start discussing the UFO events in our life. Other family members have had their own experiences. But we are discussing the Fricot City event and our reaction during the event and afterwards, the next morning, (we as a family, all have had visits but have never been comfortable talking about those event even to each other.. Its an overwhelming feeling we arent suppose to speak about the visits!
So we finally do, began asking each other why us, why the cover ups, what really going on, what the Aliens want with us, what does our family have that they need.
When I was a child we lived in a car, traveling from one end of the west coast to the other including Oregon. We camped out a lot. But they still found us.! So we were contemplating how they knew our where abouts and seem to know every thing about us. Other the years I have done research lots of reading and I learned about the implants from other abductees and it1s the only way the Aliens could have found us!! 
So the same night after our family discussion at my brothers house, (we had never told our children about The UFO until this night) the kids and I are going home, traveling down hwy 12/88 as we approach the intersection of Hwy 12/88 we see lights in the hay field next to the road,, red, green, blue, pulsating light appear in the field next to the road, one of the children ask if it1s a UFO, Im teasing the kids, we are all laughing and I tell then maybe, mean while the UFO is moving extremly fast back and forth and I suddenly decided to turn off Hwy 88 and made a turn onto Tuttle Rd, the UFO passed over the car, the lights and engine died while the car is now moving in the dark night, when I became aware again the car is passing over the train tracks the lights and engine come back on. 
Our usual route to Paloma from Stockton was Hwy88 to hwy12 to Paloma Rd.
Once again we forgot the event happened, until years later, looking back I realized we have missing time.
When I ask my children, they don1t remember either the craft or the event.
My nieces report little grey figure have entered their rooms at night. Their and I father shared the 1976 Fricot City event.
