{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-03 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511193","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47178","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/193/mufon-5511193.json","updb_database_id":5511193}
{cak} Saw 2 bright orbs then beam that was on ground for a few hours on night vision camera.

I was talking to my son in Seoul through my laptop on the magicjack phone and next to my computer is my security camera monitor. This was 2 nights ago. I saw one, then two orbs of bright light approach my video camera that is trained on my back yard. It got my attention because they were bright. They were about 4 or 5 inches in diameter. I have 2 cameras that alternate every 5 seconds. They floated slowly by my night vision camera, moving from the right to left. In one shot I saw the first and I said to my son "OH wow, a flashlight!", then the second moved in before the screen went to the other camera and I knew it wasnt a flashlight. When it reverted back, I saw just part of one as it moved to the right and dissappeared out of the screen shot. After the call I went to bed. I woke up at 2:51 and went to get on my laptop. I noticed in my backyard a beam of light like a spotlight that illuminated one spot on my yard. The beam and spot was around 8 foot in diameter. The beam had a slight angle from vertical maybe 15 degrees. The beam was coming from the sky. My camera is on the second floor and I can view over 20 feet above the neighbors rooftops. This beam was coming from the top of the monitor to the ground. I wondered what could be causing it as I have insomnia and many nights I wake up and get on the laptop and never saw something like that. I stuck my head out the back door and the back yard was totally dark, no lights whatsoever. A few cars went by in the front of the house on the street but it didn't alter the spotlight. It appeared just like a spotlight on a stage, you could see through the beam of light. I have a 10x12 large cast aluminum gazebo that had been dismantled and I had the top frame up against the garage and it fell over into my yard sometime this winter. This is a big heavy frame that takes 3 people to lift. The beam was trained right inside that metal frame. The spot of light did not wiggle, it was a solid spot of light that stayed constant. It was only visible on my night vision camera. I noticed that my video camera was not recording, so I tried to figure out what was wrong with it because I have it set to record through the night until 8 AM. I couldnt get it to record. That made me a bit nervous. I watched it for about 2 1/2 hours and the beam changed. It had 2 areas of illumination. The first was on the ground and the second was about 6 feet above it. Then on top of the second disc of light there was a ball of light that formed. Then I got really drowsy and went back to bed. I woke up last night and checked the camera and it was recording correctly again. The beam and spot of light were no longer there, nor had I seen them before or since.
