{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-01 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530193","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25292","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/193/mufon-5530193.json","updb_database_id":5530193}
A reddish-orange light and a circular shaped object.

I was on my way home from a class I attended in Salt Lake City. It was around 9:20 in the evening. (Approx.) I turned off 6200 S. and onto 4800 W going south and as I passed the gas station I noticed a reddish-orange light hovering above our park. (This park is a "depressed" park. That's where all the water goes after it rains. At this time there was a little bit of water, but not much.) I thought it was a helicopter as we do have a small airport by our nieghborhood, but I thought it was strange for it to be just hovering there. I drove a little further towards it and decided to stop and see what it really was. I pulled over, turned off my music, and rolled down my window. There was no noise coming from it and I could see that it was only maybe 20 yards above the park. A VW beetle with two teenage girls pulled into the center lane and watched the light for a few seconds, then they drove off. I was about to drive off when it started to move upwards, going east/slightly north. I was intending to watch it go back towards the airport, but then it picked up speed and a reddish/orange light (like the one I originally saw) illuminated the object and I could see it was round, not a helicopter or any planes they fly at the airport. It lit up for maybe a second or two, then took off towards the stars. I watched it till it disappeared, which only took a matter of seconds. I sat in my car for a couple more minutes, trying to figure out what I just saw. I drove home and I was very scared afterwards. I was very intrigued when I was watching it because at that point (before it was lit up) I thought for sure it was a helicopter. After it lit up and took off, I knew it wasn't a helicopter. When I finally got the courage to get out of my car and carry my stuff in the house, I walked in, locked the doors and windows, then proceeded to tell my parents what happened. (I am 26 years old, so I'm no child.) They were interested and told me it sounded like a UFO. I didn't want to believe that what it was, but the more I think about it, the more I want to know what it was. My other sister laughed at me and told me I was insane. I am not insane, as I know what I saw, even though I don't know what it was. I didn't sleep well that night at all. 
If anyone can tell me what it could have been, please let me know. Before this I refused to believe in UFO's, but now I'm not so sure. Thanks for letting me tell you my story.
