{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504193","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/193/mufon-5504193.json","updb_database_id":5504193}
{cak} There was a big bang that hit the house.

As a child i've had many experiences of alien like people on my body when i was asleep. I also had a lot of other experiences until this one night when i was with my husband and twin daughters living in seaside, California in which im about to explain.. This is my story. We heard a big bang against the house which was late at night and we never knew what it was. I then heard alot of people like looking for something in the house. They entered though the living room went to the kitchen and looked it seemed like looking though the cabinets. I was laying in bed with my husband and i told him i was gonna get up. He said no, so i listened to him. These things came closer to the bedroom and i held his hand and as close as it got it stopped. I first asked him what did you hear because i had prior experiences and didnt want to influence him. He replied, I didn't hear anything. I looked at him and he was crying and i asked what are you crying for if nothing was the matter and you heard anything. I looked again at him and he seemed to be influenced by the entites. I thought maybe they got to him and i was careful but scared. 
I asked again what are you crying for and why did you tell me not to get up. He said he heard a bang but he remembered telling me not to get up. To make a long story short i though they got to him that night. They were looking for something and im pretty sure it was one of my twins who died of an unknown death. She was perfectly healthy and this happened over 35 yrs. I will never ever believe that she was not taken. I believe they came for her. Thank god i have her other twin because i don't know what my life would have became. My other twin is buried in Providence, RI 02905 I belief in alot of stuff as i said from a child i had experiences which made me aware of my senses and surroundings. 
My other twin was fast in the way when she was 2 weeks old i would have the at each end of the crib and she would crawl up to her sister and sleep on her shoulders. This may be a different event of what your looking for but i wanted to share my experience. If i had the money i would probably have her coffin studied for those purposes of what ever they could find. My husband "K" gave my daughter mouth to mouth resessitation and she was not responding. How i knew baby 1 started crying and i got up to fix two bottles. I fed baby one and covered them back up waiting for baby 2 to start crying. I said to "K" my husband your feeding her when she wakes up. We waited and i told him just wake her up feed her so we can get some sleep. That's how we found out something was wrong when the recuse came to take her i felt something leave my body and i knew she was in danger. I scream, cried cursed god and i knew something serious like death was present. I know in my own way she was taken. At the time this was happening i was trying to visualize who and what they were.
