{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-10 10:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478193","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2894,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/193/mufon-5478193.json","updb_database_id":5478193}
2 flying sticks ,one above other with jetnoise

Iwould like to report Safety Aviation incident which took part on 10 of January 2017. I was working on the roof of Flight Data centre at 31 McGregors Drive Keilor East. At 10 37 am New Zealand jetliner (airbus 330 or similar) passed over me at normal descending height 100-150 meters,making normal jet noise. As jet passed over and peak of the noise decreased,I turned my head back to the air conditioner I been working on. Suddenly jet noise started to increase. As I spent 2 years working on Tower Control of Fighter jet department in Air Force and been many times in the training fields (my knowledge about civil and military aviation much higher than ordinary person) , I got suspicious right away.(By all means no aircraft allowed in a landing pathway or close vicinity of landing civil aircraft) It was clear sky,no clouds,sun wasn't in sight, but what I saw it was hard to believe. In opposite direction, to just passed New Zealand aircraft ,on a slightly higher altitude,than just was aircraft, away from me 200 - 250 meters were flying 2 long strays of kind of plasma (one above another) 20-30 meters long,0.3-0.5 in diameter. They were dark grey colour and speed was similar to just passed aircraft,but opposite direction.The objects were not steel straight or cylindrical shape,and have had round edges . Noise was like from jet flying over,but not full throttle. I looked around,sky was clear , no other planes around. I made good visual contact for 15-20 seconds,as they passed over, noise gradually disappear. I went up to the higher roof level,but could not see where it flew after. I am declare ,that I am normal person in absolutely normal mental state and abovementioned have had happened Also, I do understand,that this might be kind of new technology,that might be highly classified,but which I very much doubt,as it was too close to civil commercial aircraft and was dangerous . The pilots ,on this New Zealand flight also might have seen it,as they been on similar attitude , on head on course. Also it might have been recorded on close approach radar,if there is a practice to keep records for some time. (It was such a practice in Air Force) If any enquiries arise, you welcome to contact me. I was so shocked,that did not even think to use my mobile
