{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5477976.json","updb_database_id":5477976}
Missing time, missing personal effects and have parts of some one else's clothing.

First of all I think it's important to emphasise that I do not take drugs nor do I consume alcohol.

I went to bed at around 1:30 AM and watched TV and I was alone in the house as my family were in Scotland. I'm usually a poor sleeper so toss and turn through the night in bed. I woke up at around 4:20 AM and do not remember either falling asleep or attempting to fall asleep. I noticed I was half on half off the bed and had parts of my clothes torn but realised the clothes I had on were not my own as I only wear t-shirts and jogger bottoms and hardly wear socks but I had on a checker shirt with 5 buttons missing and had socks on that were not my own also I only wear boxer shorts these were under pants that I had on. I also noticed a scab under my hair that was not there before and also noticed a scar running length ways across my abdomen and a red quarter inch circular scar on my left shin. As with all people we know every part of our bodies so when there is something unusual we notice it immediately. 

I don't know what to think about this I don't remember anything My family want me to under-go hipnotic regression as I'm told this is usually what people do under circumstances like this and I'm also told that people who have been abducted or suspected abduction have nightmares - this is the case with me. I will inform MUFON if I under-go hypnotic regression and what transpired. I can not recall or account a few hours it's as if I had a general anaesthetic and woke up and do not remember anything it's frightening and frustrating at the same time.
