{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-15 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58104","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5500976.json","updb_database_id":5500976}
A LIGHT SUDDENLY APPEARED, NOISELESS,MOTIONLESS, NO BEAM, THEN FLICKED OFF.

My husband and I had just parked our car, it was around 7.50pm and already dark, and as we got out of the car we noticed a blue white light rather like an LED but much bigger just to the west of us and apparently just above a block of flats. I said "what on earth is that?" my husband replied that he thought it was a helicopter. I said " then why is it silent ? besides, helicopter lights do not look like that" he agreed with this and we were both watching it all this time, and then I added "why has the light got no beam, it's very odd". We watched it for another 30 seconds or so to see if it would do anything, it didn't, I then said "I have the feeling it is watching us" I then waved to it! My husband thought I was crackers and said so,then said " you know, you're right, it's no aircraft light I've ever seen" we watched it for a few more moments and it just blinked out. It didn't leave, it just wasn't there anymore. We walked towards our home and I said that we ought to report it, hubby said "who to, no one will believe us". The whole thing lasted about 3 minutes.
Hubby and I disagree on the distance it was from us but my reasoning was this - we were around 10m from a 10m high building and the blue white light was visible and around 10 o'clock high above the building and appeared to be around 0.4 of a meter wide.

Six months later I saw a similar light in the east of the same location at 5.30am travelling at a tremendous speed through the clouds going north to south, I thought it may be a satellite but friends told me they never travel north to south so, I don't know then. It was also blue white though whiter than the earlier sighting, but it was the speed of it that I remember most, I have never seen an aircraft cover that area in that time.
Looking out of a first storey window from visible horizon to horizon around 4 seconds at about 10 o'clock high again, and also totally silent. I expected a sonic boom at that speed but nothing. It was just a light, no craft visible.
