{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5492976.json","updb_database_id":5492976}
{cak} Friend and I observed ufo hovering and landing from about 50 feet in air and 50 feet away from us.

As a kid, in about 2nd or 3rd grade, I was staying over at a friend's house one night, watching the movie Twister. We were in his bedroom with our backs to the window when I suddenly had the urge to turn and look out the window. It was then that I stared in awe at what was predominately a saucer shaped silver/grey object with red and blue lights around it that blinked in a pattern. It was about 50 feet in the air and maybe 50 feet away and descending in a hovering fashion very slowly. As it descended, three stilt-like landing prongs came from a domed part of the craft on the bottom. It also had a triangular shape with the top cut off type of structure on top of the craft where two antennas were positioned. As I stared for maybe ten seconds, my friend noticed me and asked what I was looking at. I motioned to him to turn and look out the window and he then stared with me for maybe 30-45 seconds in astonishment as the craft slowly descended, disappearing through the trees, and landed in a wooded area that railroad tracks ran through right behind his backyard. At that we both jumped up in fear and he ran to get his dad, who then came in to the room and looked out the window to of course see nothing, and informed us that it was just our imaginations and to go to sleep. He then returned to his room to go back to sleep and left us to uncomfortably go between trying to force our eyes closed and peeking out the window. We never saw anything else of the object and eventually fell asleep. For the next few years before I moved to another school, that friend and I would frequently talk about what we saw that night. I would even have dreams that I had gone out to the backyard and was confronted by "grey" beings who I communicated with telepathically and told them about myself. Seeing this unidentified flying object was something incredible that I am lucky to have witnessed and will never forget.
