{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5524976.json","updb_database_id":5524976}
Saw a huge craft with red lights that never blinked, then it disappeared.

My mom and I were on the way back from looking at the church where I would be getting married at later in the year. Around 9:00 approximately, we were coming home and she said "Oh my gosh, Jodi look over there, what is that?" So, she pulled over and there was this object hovering over a patch of trees about half a mile away from us or so. We got out of the car to look and she asked me if we were really seeing something and I said I'm not sure what it is. It was just hovering there over the tope of the trees and it had these giant red lights. They were not blinking, but were just on. It was stationary. All at once, just like a domino effect, one by one, these lights started to turn off from one side to the next. I feel like we only say one side of this craft. I am not sure what shape it was because I really believe we only saw the back of it or whatever side it was. Then, it was just gone. That's it. It just disappeared. No noise, no nothing.  It happened to be over my place of employent at the time and knowing the area well, we decided to drive over by there to see if we could see it. Nothing at all. There is a big herd of cattle, and they seemed undisturbed and we saw no signs of anything. It know it was around the same time as the sightings in Millstadt over by Scott Air Force base. I'm not sure if anyone else saw this thing. I've never really told many people about it, because they just say it was a cell phone tower light. I'm sorry, but no it was not. I just want to know if anyone else saw anything. It's been bothering me for years, but now maybe someone else will see this and tell their story too.
