{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5487976.json","updb_database_id":5487976}
I was on a flight from Brisbane, Australia to Vancouver, Canada. I saw a large triangle shape out of my window.There were no clouds where I was looking just blue sky but there was a demarcation line in the blue sky and i realized it was a triangle.

I was on a flight from Brisbane, Australia going to Vancouver, Canada. I had a window seat and was flying alone but did have people seated next to me. I was looking out of my window and the sun was high, it must have been in the early afternoon sometime and there were little to no clouds. It was early into the flight, its hard for me to remember how far exactly into the flight we were but somewhere around a couple of hours. I saw out in the blue sky a line of demarcation, where it appeared the blue colour of the sky was a slightly different, yet still very distinguishably different, shade of blue. I followed the line with my eye and realized it was shaped like a triangle with rounded edges. It appeared to be about 200-300ft away from the plane but that is hard to say. The triangle area seemed to be huge, about the length of a football field or two and i want to say closer to two, but that is also hard to say. I sat there and watched it for about 20mins before It was out of my sight. I noticed the person sitting in front of me saw it but I never spoke to them and they never spoke up about what they saw. I just sat there quietly as well, I was a teenager at the time and was too afraid to speak up. I regret that now as well as waiting until now to tell mufon because now my memory of the event isn't what it once was. You never know what is important information and I have a deep belief in the possibility of other life in this universe, so I wish I spoke up sooner. I didn't own a camera or cell phone at the time either so no photos I'm afraid.
I thought it might have been something on my window making it look like something was outside but that wasn't it. We passed by it, it was stationary like it was just hoovering there. It looked very much like there was a solid triangle there but it was invisible other than that demarcation line from the 2 different shades of blue. You could just tell there was something there in the sky and it was big. I think about it a lot, whatever it was it affected me deeply. While in the plane and looking at the triangle in the sky I felt very weird. it was like everyone on the plane was in their own little world or bit out of it because it was dead quiet and totally inactive. I air felt still and i was slightly uncomfortable. This all could have been due to me just sort of freaking out a bit about what I was looking at but the energy in the plane felt weird like something was happening but nothing was. Im probably not making any sense now sorry. Moving on, I know what I saw and I believe strongly that it was real, that something solid was there. Just thought I should let mufon know. Hope it helps.

Best Regards,
"A"
