{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-10-17 18:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114385","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5288976.json","updb_database_id":5288976}
Observed Red Orbs incredible maneuvers

I promise you it's a true story and one of my intentions is to find other ppl who saw what me and my friend saw that evening back in 1997. So here goes.
Back in what I assume was 1997 me and my friend brandon were driving north on A1A in palm beach gardens near the erman canal spillway just before sunset when he pointed to the sky and said "look at that!" I look up and a red orb is floating maybe 100 feet in the sky looking southwest I believe. The Orb moved slowly at first then began zipping around at impossible speeds. It was so bizarre that I immediately pulled off to the side of the road where the entrance to the spillway was and we both got out of my car and we couldn't figure out what we were looking at. Within the next few moments at least six other cars had also pulled over to observe the scene. One by one other red orbs began appearing seemingly out of nowhere and some zipped in at lightning speed leaving a light trail behind them as they instantly stopped in place around eachother. They began moving in patterns around eachother, as if they were forming constellations, if I had to guess what they were doing I assumed it was an attempt at communicating.? The second thought that came to my mind. Was that this might be one of the private companies that are close by. Particularly Pratt and Whitney, or skunkworks since they are directly west of town and that was the direction we were looking. I know memories can be tricky but from what I remember they didn't make any sound whatsoever. I also remember wishing I had a camcorder, because of coarse at the time nobody had smartphones and I didn't even consider snapping a photo of it with my indestructible Nokia. I'm not even sure if the thing even had a camera, probably not. Anyway, one by one these red orbs began disappearing some faded away and some zipped off at break neck speeds the same way they appeared. To further go into the maneuvers I saw them preforming I remember thinking there was no way a human pilot could withstand the stop and go/ changing direction on a dime movements these things were doing. Also at that time I don't think drones were a thing back in 97. Not the way they are now anyway, they were not being talked about or used yet as far as I know. And of coarse we know that if you can see a drone you can hear it buzzing loudly too. So if they were drones they must have been super advanced imo. About a week or two later a similar incident occurred around the same time in the evening, in the same place, only this time it was clearly not the same. This second incident looked almost nothing like the first, other than the fact that these were also red glowing orbs. Only this time they hovered nearly motionless in the sky and were all being carried along with the breeze no bizarre patterns, no insane speeds or stop and go direction changes. That night our local news station picked up the story and said that college students had admitted to pulling a prank using flares and weather balloons. "Sorry guys no UFO's" and they laughed it off with some corny sound effects. They reported the second incident but not the first. I'm going to make another guess and say that the reporters name is (name removed/cms/LLL) at WPTV. But I could be wrong. Years later I searched for the story on YouTube and actually found it. It has since been lost to me as I cannot find it anymore anywhere on the internet. I've told most of my friends about it and haven't been able to find anyone else who was there that day to talk about what we saw. Obviously many ppl saw what me and my buddy saw that night, but I'd love to get someone's feedback if you were there in South Florida at that time. Had I not seen what I saw that night I would be a skeptic like most ppl and shrug stories like this off. But I promise you I saw what I saw. Thank you I hope this story helps with your research. And I'd love to hear some follow up information so if someone can contact me with more information from that night I'd love to hear more stories or at least some explanation that makes sense. Because it was certainly not flares on weather balloons. Thanks!
