{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 01:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74819","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5484976.json","updb_database_id":5484976}
{rjl} Bright, glowing orb seen early in the morning

I was in my bedroom late at night, playing on my phone because I couldn't sleep. At the time I lived in a very rural area, woods surrounded my house on all sides and I rarely ever saw airplanes or helicopters through my smallish bedroom window. That night, which was about half a year ago, I was wide awake. Completely absorbed in whatever game I had been playing. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a bright light flash in the sky and I looked out, confused. It was a bright, glowing, orb-shaped object high in the sky and probably very far away since I couldn't pick out any sort of details. Right away I thought it was something otherworldly seeing as nothing man made could've done what I saw it do. It moved in a slow zigzag pattern left to right and down, then it curved back up and hovered. It was VERY bright seeing as it was so far away and I was viewing it through the trees and it cast the trees' shadow into my room. It was the color of an old streetlight, orangish but sort of white. About two minutes into watching it hover it started to move again in a J shape, then it slowly moved to the west and out of my window's view. I had a strange feeling, I was only mildly curious as to what it was though at the same time I was very disturbed. I wanted to get up and look at it again but I couldn't move at all, like I was frozen. I sat completely still, sort of confused, watching a helicopter move across the sky in the same directing the thing had left in for several minutes until I could move again. I wrote down what I saw into my phone (which I hadn't used to record the thing like an idiot) and the next day at school I asked my friends if they'd seen it. They hadn't. It wasn't surprising, though, since I had seen it at one in the morning and I have that weird talent for noticing things that no one else does. 
I saw it again the night after, at the same exact time. It appeared in the same way, moved the EXACT same way, and left the same way. The only difference was that I saw a helicopter beforehand that time. Once again, I forgot to record it and nobody else saw it. I stayed up again and again in hopes of seeing and recording it but I never did.
