{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5485976.json","updb_database_id":5485976}
{nd} distant travelling lights changed course and came to hover directly over remote desert campsite

I was six years old in June of 1977 and in the company of my mother, then a master's student at the University of Texas El Paso, my soon-to-be step father, a professor of political science at the same institution and a family friend, an officer of the United States Border Patrol. We had spent the day driving and hiking along the US border with Mexico near Presidio TX and had settled down to camp after dusk in an open stretch of desert. Our camp consisted of a small campfire, sleeping bags and surplus US Army folding cots. There was no other shelter as we planned to sleep under the stars after a light dinner cooked on the fire. The valley floor was bathed in near complete darkness as there was either no moon that night or it had not yet risen. Well after our meal and as the conversation wound down someone in our party noticed an array of red and white lights moving to the west of us in a southerly direction toward Mexico. The lights appeared to be flying very low, well below the crest of some distant mountains now clearly silhouetted against the dissipating western sunset and the encroaching stars. The general consensus amongst the adults was that it might be small plane, possibly narco-traffic avoiding radar on a return trip to the south. At the scale of a Cessna, the craft would have likely been 3 miles distant and moving at an equivalent rate of speed. The Craft appeared to maintain a straight line of direction but within a minute or so had moved almost directly due south, relative to our position, and likely already into Mexico. This indicated it had either assumed a wide arc around us in its flight from the west or had been moving to the SE in a straight line. Reaching the southerly position the craft seemed to slow to a stop, appearing to hover still some 2 miles distant. The consensus was that it had likely initiated a turn south and was now heading directly away from us and thus deeper into Mexico. Momentarily forgotten it was only a few seconds later that someone noticed that the craft was getting bigger and instead appeared to be heading directly towards us. The Border Patrol officer indicated he now believed the craft was likely a Border Patrol helicopter, possibly coming to 'check us out', drawn by the glow of our campfire. From that moment on everyone was utterly silent, straining to make sense of what was coming directly at us in the dark. At six years old, I was elated at the prospect of seeing a helicopter up close, as I'd only ever seen them on TV and perhaps once grounded on the tarmac at a public air display at the Ft. Bliss military base, a few miles distant from our home in El Paso. The craft, appearing to be only a few dozen feet in altitude grew larger as it drew closer, its red and white lights bright and arrayed in a manner unlike anything I'd seen before. Approaching without a sound or causing any other noticeable disturbance, the craft slowed, coming to a gentle stop no more than 40 feet directly overhead. The craft appeared, from both our vantage as it had approached and then underneath it, to be circular, disc-like, some twenty feet in diameter and completely opaque to the stars around it. Given that it was absolutely devoid of any color its true shape was difficult to discern save for the lights which glowed intensely at the edges of its perimeter without reflecting against, or illuminating, any portion of its surface. At this point my remaining observations are somewhat fractured, perhaps the result of adrenaline, the erosion of the memory over time or possibly some other influence. I recall that there was absolutely no sound; no hum, no buzz, nothing of a mechanical or electrical nature. There was also no wind or downdraft as you would expect from a helicopter or any other manmade craft hovering in the air overhead. Being camped on the desert floor, any disturbance of the surrounding dust and sand would have immediately filled the air, our eyes and begun choking us, which did not happen. At some point I recall looking to my mother and feeling fear turn to terror as I watched her looking upward in stunned silence, her eyes wide open and mouth agape but now bathed in a skin-bleaching bright blue-white light. I tried to get her attention. "Mom!" but, reminiscent of some quasi-dreamlike state, I couldn't hear my own voice, and I don't believe she could hear me either. It may be, on recollection, that the apparent silence may have not been an absence of sound but a state induced by the craft itself. That unheard utterance is the last memory I have before waking the next morning in my cot to find we had inadvertently camped only a few hundred feet away from cemetery. There was an early-morning funeral taking place and it naturally felt awkward and intrusive for us to be camped so close by, thus we hurriedly ate a makeshift breakfast and left as quietly as we could. To be clear, the craft from the previous night had not been seen to leave, the memory of the encounter just seems to have ended with it there, hanging silently overhead, bristling with lights and blocking out the stars. There was no subsequent discussion of the events, nobody spoke of it on the drive home nor thereafter to my recollection and, for the better part of two decades, it was all but forgotten. 

The incident had nagged at me for years. I had rationalized the craft as being the suggested Border Patrol helicopter but always, at the edges of my memory, I wondered at the lack of sound or wind, especially as I grew older and more thoroughly understood how helicopters and other airborne craft operate. In 1997 my parents and younger siblings returned from an extended period living overseas and had moved to a nearby state. On a visit I thought to bring up the incident after a dinner. Not intending to voice any suspicions, but rather to affirm my lifelong supposition, I asked my parents about camping that night and eventually worked the conversation over to the presence of a helicopter. My mother remembered the trip in good detail but had no recollection of seeing a helicopter or any other craft. My stepfather, however, started to become excited as the conversation developed, and when I finally asked about the presence of the helicopter he could no longer restrain himself."That was no helicopter, that was a UFO!". Suddenly all of the little lies I'd been telling myself to support a rational interpretation of the event came crashing down. 

I had considered making a MUFON report years ago, but lacked any real evidence other than anecdote and, coupled with the fact that I wasn't even sure exactly when the event had occurred, I decided to leave it alone believing that the my anecdotes surrounding the incident could in no way contribute to our understanding of the UFO phenomenon. Two years ago I received a digitized copy of our family photo albums from my mother. I'd just had a child and I guess she felt it was time to pass down the legacy of our recent lineage. In the mix of hundreds of other photos were a handful from the day of that fateful trip, each photo printed with the month and year it was taken. Sadly, while it appears a camera was in my mother's possession, I don't think it occurred to her at the time to take a photo of the craft. Given that there is at least some data to now cross-reference with other cases, I submit this to you in the hope that, as the age of bulk-data analysis matures it may somehow, at some future time, contribute to our understanding of what was and is taking place in our skies.
