{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-18 13:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52849","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5505976.json","updb_database_id":5505976}
{kt}Bright round object slowly traversed the daytime sky occasionally disappearing behind small puffy clouds. It was moving the opposite direction of the wind current.

I just stepped outside (backyard) for a breath of air with my dog. The sound of a jet passing overhead caught my attention and I looked up. As I followed the jets path for a few seconds my eyes were drawn to a very, very shiny object just a few degrees to the right of the now passed jet. This object almost seemed stationary at first, then I noticed it was moving ever so slowly from N.E. to N.W.. I immediately ran in the house to tell my sister and our roommate to come out and verify this object. (I had seen a similar object over our desert area last summer and it made a couple 90 degree turns, I didn't know what it was either but I had no witnesses, and I think those of who I mentioned it to thought I was "just seeing things"...that is why I made it a point to get a witness this time) Anyway, the object was still visible and my sister and roommate saw it and asked, "What is it?" I said, "My point exactly" Then my neighbor and his daughter happened to come out of their house, so I hollered at them to come over. I pointed up to this object and they saw it too, and asked what did I suppose it was. Next my brother (who lives next door pulls up in his truck and asks us what are we all looking at. Then he too saw it. Hes quite the skeptic and said it was probably one of those mylar balloons. I then said, "Look at the clouds, they are moving with the upper winds in the opposite direction, if it was a balloon it would be going with the wind and the clouds." He then said, "Well must be a UFO then." We watched this for about 15 more minutes until the clouds completely overtook our vision of it. Everyone went back to doing what they were doing. About an hour later I came back out and noticed the clouds had parted leaving areas of blue sky. And much to my surprise I saw the object again, and it was back to almost the point where I first saw it! Still very bright (about the size of Venus on a good clear evening) I watched it move again from NE to almost overhead when the cloud cover really got thick and I lost sight of it again. I am a retired Postal Worker (letter carrier) and spend alot of time stargazing at night from my elevated pool deck. I know the difference between stars, some planets, shooting stars, satellites, etc.. I spent 4 years in the Navy and spent many an hour on watch out at sea at night describing anything that moved. I have always believed in intelligent life outside our solar system and I have read over a dozen books on the subject. But I do know what I saw (along with 5 witnesses) and I don't think it was an earthly craft, unless it was a very new and secret airship our military is testing. I know that Northeast of my location here some couple hundred miles is Area 51. Well, that is my story. Thank you for your time.
