{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-21 19:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/976/mufon-5529976.json","updb_database_id":5529976}
Witnessed hovering orange light that began to change direction. Later flew over me revealling bright red light in the rear and no flashing lights

I was driving up a hill that borders one of many farms in the area. when i looked to the right which was a valley like field with much open space I noticed a large yellow hovering light source. It appeared at first as an abnormally close star. after pulling over to observe it the object began moving slowly. it was moving from above the tree line upward then began moving horizontally and eventually was almost directly over head. As it traveled slowly overhead i got a clear look at the large orb like blinding light that was in what appeared to be the front of whatever craft it may have been. I could not see the definite shape of the object but there we two rectangular blue lights running parallel down what seemed to be the edges of the craft as well as a bright red light in the rear. As the craft moved farther away and almost out of sight due to the thickly wooded are directly behind me the red light became clearer and appeared to what i can only describe as "jet looking" although the craft was moving a little slower than a low flying plane i took full notice of the red ring on the rear that seemed to be producing pulsating heat. After it went out of sight i stood starring at the sky looking at other extremely bright stars but nothing was comparable to what i saw and the way it hovered and changed direction was unexplainable. I witnessed something first hand that fully assured me that there are aircrafts being used by either humans or other forms of intelligence. Please if anyone in this area or nearby saw something notable contact me. I ill not be at ease until i hear of other sightings on this day- (*Wit's name and email address deleted--CMS/sg) facebook search me please do whatever you have to if you have any form of story you would like to share
