Date                           Date
Case Number: 873 15102018                   10-15-2018                         05-29-2019
Report:                      Resolution:
Stones
Location:                       Region:            Maule         Classification:      Resolved.
Coloradas
He reported the sighting of what he described as a colored flying saucer.
Summary: Silver, unable to define with certainty either its distance or if there was any movement.

The user indicated that the photos were taken while on a hike from the police outpost "Piedras Coloradas" towards the shore of the

User/a Description:

Laguna del Maule, near the border with Argentina and the Pehuenche International Pass. He/she explained that he/she took some photos of the landscape without realizing...
He did not observe any anomalous presence until he later reviewed the images.

The photographs were analyzed using ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF.
(Forgery by Copy and Motion) which could be defined as not digitally altered.

The information contained in their files indicated they were made on 01 of
In March 2012, at 11:24 hours with a Samsung ST600 camera, possessed by
It features a 27 mm Schneider-Kreuznach lens and a 14.2 megapixel sensor.

The advanced "Red Stones" is located at the eastern end of the Maule Lagoon (36° 03’ 38’’ S, 70° 30’ 03’’ W), about 6 km from the border and at approximately 2,400 meters above sea level in the Andean area of the commune of San Clemente, VII region. The general location of the sector where the photographs were taken is shown in Figure 1.
Annually, Carabineros de Chile activates the thirty temporary border outposts from late October to mid-May, which is consistent with the date of the reported sighting.

The metadata of the analyzed photographs show indices compatible with landscape scenes. One of the images shows a blurred silhouette at an oblique angle, and in a second image, there are two silhouettes.
Diffuse due to blurring in apparently parallel positions (Figure 2). The amount and location of the above was confirmed by edge analysis.
Figure 1. General Location

Figure 2. Objects in the case photo.

Following the initial analysis of the images, the hypothesis of a possible extraterrestrial origin was worked on.
biological, whose verification was delayed due to not having specialists
The available entomological data. On May 03, the cooperation of the National Museum of Natural History (MNHN) was effectively restarted, so independent expertise was requested from its curators.

The technical analysis of the images, of what the user reported, and of the biotic conditions at the sighting location, allow us to indicate that a fleeting flight of insects was photographed, flying close to the photographic equipment.

Conclusion: The photograph captured the fleeting flight of insects that flew near the photographic equipment.
They were captured. They could be identified as dragonflies, Aeshna sp.
