{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2931,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5467443.json","updb_database_id":5467443}
Kind of like 7 or 8 refrigerator boxes glued together & some angular surfaces projecting from the front and toward the back. Flew in a straight line & rotated on its long access a couple of times. No noise, wings, exhaust portals, windows.

This was my first UFO sighting, but my father, who was an amateur pilot, saw one when I was young--the standard silver disk. This was a couple of months ago in Nakhon Nayok, Thailand. I often observe aircraft as the fly over and on this weekend I went out to the car for something, about noon, and saw a commercial airliner flying over from South to North at about 7 or 8 thousand feet. As I tracked it, I saw this elongated box-type object flying in the opposite direction, which I then tracked until it was almost out of sight toward the Northern sky. I stared intently at this object trying to figure what it was. It look like 7 or 8 refrigerator boxes glued together, dark brown, with a couple of angular surfaces, 1 at the front and 2 toward the rear and on the side. It also rotated slowly 2 or maybe 3 times on its long axis as I watched go over. It must have been about 5,000 feet in the air and about 30 to 40 feet in length--so somewhat bigger than a single-engine aircraft. It made no sound at all, had no jet or propeller engines, and had no wings--actually I could see the whole craft as it rotated, which gave me a clear view of its surface features, well, what there was of them. I know civilian and military aircraft, and keep up with the advanced prototypes or secret designs--I have never seen anything like this object, on any media, in my 62 years on the planet. It may not have had anyone inside it, but it was definitely being controlled and its flight was in an absolute linear arc across the sky. Someone asked if I thought it was a drone--not a bad idea, but never seen any drone that looked like this, with no visible power source. I feel privileged to have experienced this event, and have sort of been waiting all my life to finally see a UFO like my dad. The engineer and scientist inside me is searching for a logical explanation; the boy is thrilled!!

Thank you for giving an opportunity to share this experience--I want to know if anyone else has seen such an object.
