{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-12-04 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5461443.json","updb_database_id":5461443}
{tjd} Bright round orb developed an enlarging ring then became an oval with long funnel white tail that became red then object dissipated.

I wrote the following account on December 4, 1980 when I was 32 years old and a planning administrator for a Charlotte, NC engineering firm. 

“I have just a few minutes ago witnessed one of the strangest things I’ve seen in a very long time. I was driving from Charlotte, N.C. to Lowell, N.C. to conduct a public hearing on a budget change for the town of Lowell’s Community Development Block Grant. I was headed south on interstate 85 when I notice what I thought was the moon in front of me. It was very hazy, and I recall thinking that strange because the stars were so clear and bright and there seemed to be no clouds in the sky at all. All of a sudden, I noticed a small smoke type ring around what I thought was the moon. It was close to the ball at first and as seconds ticked by it got larger & larger & larger until it dissipated. Then the ball started to change shape. It became oval in shape with a long funnel tail which was white haze in color. Then suddenly it (the tail) became a bright red. As I was observing all this, I thought to myself, ‘I’m watching the moon explode. The moon has just blown up right before my eyes.’ Then a radio announcer came on over the car radio and he put a woman on the air who had just called in. She said she lived in Bessimer City (not from Lowell) and she was observing the same phenomenon. When I got to the Lowell Town Hall, I went next door to the Police Station to get a key to unlock the Town Hall. I asked the policeman on duty if he had received any calls on the lights in the sky. He said he had received one. I asked if he had gone outside to observe them himself. He said 'No. I was afraid if I did it would be my luck the thing would land right in from of me.' I knew he was referring to an unidentified flying object! I am in the Town Hall now writing this as I did not want my first impression of the phenomenon to escape me. I will write more about this later when I find out from the news media exactly what I saw!” 

Unfortunately, I never heard or saw anything in the news about what I’d witnessed.
