{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-22 18:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105149","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5456443.json","updb_database_id":5456443}
{rjl} Star like objects in straight line; equally spaced; as many as perhaps 20 or 25 (more?); no sound; moving from west-southwest to east-northeast.

Sunday, December 22, 2019 - At approximately 6:28 PM I stepped out on my deck, which faces the west, and observed a long line of lights, similar in size and color to stars. The line stretched from well over my house from the west-southwest to the east-northeast. What initially caught my attention was the line they were in. Absolutely straight and evenly spaced. It took me several seconds to determine they were actually moving. I opened the backdoor and called my wife out to look at them. She came out and saw exactly what I saw. We watched them for about one minute; maybe a little less. I got a Canon camera and attempted to get video. I don't believe I was very successful, but have not tried to view the video as of yet. At one point I counted 16 objects, but had missed many as 8 or 10 while calling my wife and trying to get the camera to work. That's is why I don't have an exact count, but would guess as many as 20 to 25 objects. There were no flashing or blinking lights and no sounds. We did see an airplane travel over our house during this time. It was traveling from the southeast to the northwest. 

Unfortunately, the video I shot was mostly audio of my wife and I talking. However, near the very end some of the objects briefly appear in the video. The problem was, I was trying to operate the camera and look at the objects at the same time. I was in such a rush I got nothing worth viewing. Damn! 

The best way for me to describe them is this way: it was like looking at the International Space Station, times 20 or 25, all moving in the same direction, in a straight line and evenly spaced apart. 

I felt the sky was clear, but my wife pointed out that they appeared to be going into clouds, because they were disappearing. I also noted that, but could not actually see clouds in the sky. The sky certainly looked clear to me at that time. But it was nighttime, so who knows. If clouds were present, they would have to have been high and thin.
