{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10336","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5548443.json","updb_database_id":5548443}
Huge, disc shaped with not noise

I live near the Indianapolis International Airport, just north of US 40, East of 465. There is a flight path that is just north of me that flies practically over me. I see planes coming in this way all the time. I am a Heaven gazer and beleive in UFO's. I've seen several over the years but on this particular night, it was right in my face.

It was approximately around August 28, 2006. It was a warm, super quiet night. The skies were absolutely clear and you could see stars forver. I just got home from work and backed into the driveway around 12:40 am. I was then looking East. I was sitting in my truck for a few and just taking in the night sky. What happened next really made me a believer. I seen something very huge, dark and moving slow from the left (North) heading South. I jumped out of my truck and was very excited, with jaw dropped. This thing was extremely quiet. You could not hear any noise what so ever. It was the size of a football field long, disc shaped, and as wide as 2 streets (in a housing district). There were no lights at all. It was lower than the planes coming in, flying over the houses. It was like staying on one precise course and heading due south. I watched this thing until it got past the rooftops and tree lines on the other side of US 40. I was so excited about seeing this, I stayed outside for awhile and was checking the skies for something more. Now you have to understand that there is no flight path that goes from north to south in a straight line where I live. 

My conclusion to this is that it was really indeed an UFO, or the Government has a copycat spacecraft out there and spying on all of us.


A week later I was telling one of my cousins about what I seen the week before and another cousin of mine, who lives the next street over (east of me) jumped up and freaked out. He said He seen it too and He even told me the time He seen it, which collabarated with my time. He described it the same as I did. He is a night owl and just happened to be outside smoking.
