{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-09-01 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5499443.json","updb_database_id":5499443}
{nd} Observed small disc hovering outside window

I thought I should relate this to your organization, as I am now 65, and this event should be recorded before I die. In 1955-56, my family lived on Hamilton Avenue in Wilmington, NC . I was 5 and 6 years old at this time. One night, as a special treat, I was allowed to sleep on a "fainting couch" (chaise lounge) in our back room where we had our piano. 

The room was off the kitchen and had a brick fireplace, and one of the windows was to the left of the fireplace. The chaise sat slightly to the left of this window. The window was tall, as this was an old house. The chimney created an alcove of sorts outside this window.

I was happily snuggled in with pillow and blanket, when a small flying object appeared at the window. It was perhaps 25" - 30" across. It was what they call a classic saucer shape, although I didn't know that then. It had a structure atop the main body of the object, and a 4" - 6" band around the perimeter of the main body. This band was rotating clockwise, and had round lights about the size of car headlights. I remember white for sure as being one of the lights' colors, and I think also yellow, but am less sure about that. But there was other colors than white.

The dead leaves that I knew to be outside the window were being pulled up in a funnel shaped mass that also rotated clockwise. I could not see the bottom of this object as it was canted in toward the window. I was terrified, and had the distinct impression I was being watched. I don't know how long I observed it before doing the typical kid thing, and pulled my covers over my head. When I peeked out af short time later, it was gone.

I never tell this to anyone, except both my husbands, and I think they think I'm crazy. Just this past year, I finally told my daughter, who is 43 years old. Her immediate reaction was, "So that's why they were there!" 

When I asked her what she was talking about, she told me that when we lived on Felicita Avenue in Spring Valley, CA (ca. 1978 - 1979), she saw the exact same object hovering outside her bedroom window. She would have been about 7 or 8 years old.
