{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5492443.json","updb_database_id":5492443}
{rjl} saw it hovering, shoot off to barely visible and reappear closer

My husband and I have been watching these objects for years. We have told friends but never reported them. Now it's time. I personally have seen 4 different types of objects in the past 10-12 years.From about 2004 to the present. The first one was an object with rotating blue,red,green and yellow lights. this was at night. It was hovering above the tree line on the hill across from my house,it started moving up and down rising above and descending below the trees.then moved back and forth. I watched it for about 30-35 minutes. Then it shot off. I believe this same one a few months ago,was the same one that about 1am four helicopters came flying over the holler where I live and I saw the object bolt to the north at amazing speed and disappear in a bright flash of light. We still observe it regularly.
The second type of object I saw was up close on a bright sunny day. No more than 50-60 ft. And is my favorite. I live a mile off a black top road,up a dirt road. Along my property before turning in the driveway is really grown up with natural wild growth of tall weeds and grasses. i turned in the driveway and to my right in the small field below my pond was a cigar shaped,opaque and shimmering (like the inside of an oyster shell)craft,just hovering above the ground. As I drove slowly up the driveway, it just glided along up towards the pond and vanished. While I was watching it I had the feeling of joy and happiness. It was wonderful! I will never forget that experience.
The third type of object I saw in daylight,was a silver cigar shaped solid craft that was moving slowly at an odd angle,not like a plane. i pulled over at the little country store and watched it for a few minutes. A man got out oh his truck and I asked him what he thought it was. He said it looks like a plane. I asked him if he could hear it, he said no. Then I asked him if he had ever seen a plane fly at that angle, he said no. I asked him if he still thought it was a plane.. he said well yeah. Lol! I honestly tried to get him to open his eyes and mind.
This last object.. my husband, my neighbor and myself see all the time lately. It is a very bright white large orb. Sometimes it close and sometimes farther away. Usually it just hovers. But we watch it anyway. Last week one night after my husband went to bed(about 11:30 or so). I went out to see if it was there and it was. I had a bright idea to get my laser pointer out and try something. i took the pointer and began making spirals (FIBONACCI-sequence,and the golden ratio). I made about 5 of them and this object shot backwards till i could barely see it. I watched it a few seconds and thought it was gone..Turned to go back in the house and looked back and there it was. It is a regular visitor.
Thank you for letting me share my experiences. I was scared to go public with them,but I figured why not. Keep your eyes to the sky!!!
