{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":31934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5509443.json","updb_database_id":5509443}
(GS) Summary of 10 sightings over 3 weeks

A summary of 10 UFO and 1other1 sightings during a 3-week period from June 24, 2013 to July 14, 2013.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Summaries are given of 10 UFO and sightings intense 1Glows,1 both near and far, on the Gulf of Mexico, from Monday, over the past 3 weeks from June 24, 2013 to Sunday, July 14, 2013, on northern Sanibel Island and the southernmost end of Captiva Island (barrier Islands off the coast of FT. Myers), Florida, USA. I saw a very tall 1being,1 and a friend and I witnessed an apparent landing.  Several types of UFO1s were seen: 1) amber colored lights that changed colors to redish orange and the redish during 2 events, with a white strobing object that may have been 1emitted1 from another light and landed; 2) an intense white light associated with 6 of the amber lights; 3) a brief and nearly blinding light; 4) what I call 1flashers;1 and 5) a truly beautiful blue-green object I include videos that others took of objects exactly like, or very similar to, what I saw. One of the videos is with a military Captain describing a reddish light very similar to the very last one I and a friend saw on July 6, that apparently shut down their nuclear warheads that sounded similar to the ones another witness and I saw.

It appears to me that there is a dire need to make sense of what is really gaining on both here and elsewhere with this phenomenon, and one way to do that which will yield much clarification on what1s happening will be to start cataloging what types of objects are being seen, and where and when. For example, although it took me much work, and I actually got lucky, I was totally amazed to find that someone else had seen exactly the same thing I had seen, 3 months earlier, and in the very same area! This kind of information is valuable, and will prove invaluable in understanding what1s really going on here. It will help answer questions like:
1	How many different types of craft are out there?
1	Are they once or twice visitors to Earth?
1	Are they 1regulars?
1	Are they continually visiting the same places, often or infrequently?

And so on. If anyone out there reads this and can give me some direction/interest/help, please contact the Director of the organization and they will contact me.

SIGHTING #1 Monday, June 28, 2013 - 2-hour sighting of six amber lights, one white light, and a tall 1Being.1
At approximately 10:00 p.m. I was at a friends house (1Carol1) on the water a half mile from the Gulf of Mexico when we noticed two amber lights toward the west, about the size of a fingernail at arm1s. The lights were no more that 500 feet above sea level and triangulation showed they were 1.5 miles from us and a mile off shore. We watched these lights for 10 to 15 minutes as they slowly drifted north and out of view behind some trees.

I came home, 2 miles to the north on the southern tip of Captiva Island, and at first saw what appeared to be the same two lights. They drifted very slowly to the north and west of me until out of sight behind trees. I walked across the street to see the same 2 lights, when a 3rd and then fourth, fifth and sixth came on 1 all initially somewhat horizontal and about as far apart from each other as slightly outstretched fingers at arm1s length. These lights turned on and off as if on a dimmer switch. Then a bright white light came on just above the amber ones. I was going back and forth from my house on the bay to the beach and the last thing I remember, and according to Carol, was seeing a very tall 1being1 standing on or floating very close near the end of the rock jetty at Blind Pass. I left for home after that, very frightened, as was Carol. I described by phone, 1blow by blow,1 what I was seeing with my friend 1Carol,1 for 1 hour and 21 minutes 1 from 10:51 to 12:13 a.m. (see attached drawings/photos)

At 12:59 I went back outside and from my back yard I could see that the amber lights had returned. I called a MUFON friend 1Tom1 and was on the phone with him until 1:41. I described to him pretty much every thing I had been describing to Carol, including seeing the being on the jetty. Being perfectly honest, I did take some extra pain meds I1ve been taking all along for a failed back surgery, and I was a good 4 hours past my normal bed time. Although I don1t think this affected what I was seeing, there is still that possibility. 
(I1ve already submitted a full 4-page report of this sighting to the National UFO Reporting Center, MUFON, and UFO Hunters.) 

Amazing! I just found this report at UFO Hunters website, from March of this year, at Cape Coral, Just to the east of where I am on Captiva Island. His description matches EXACTLY what I saw, [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg] 

SIGHTING # 2 1 Wednesday, June 6, 2013. 1 First 1Flasher1
At about 9:45 p.m. I was on a deck in my back yard on Blind pass looking toward the SW when I saw a faint flick or two of light (similar to a single flash on a strobe light or camera flash at great distance) about a hand width above the railing of the south end of the Blind Pass bridge, toward the SSW, in the same direction of my first sighting of the amber lights. I saw this light, 1out of the corner of my eye,1 in exactly in the same fashion one would find the 7 sisters, which are a tad too dim to see directly. It was difficult to keep my binocs trained on the faintly and irregularly strobing lights, which took up the entire field of view of my 10X42 binocs. Each 1on-off1 would last for perhaps a tenth of a second. I watched the lights for perhaps a whole 10 seconds, which I thought was pretty good. I lost them from my field of view when I went to swat a mosquito, and try as I might, I could not find them/it again.

I would venture a very rough guess that the flasher was perhaps 5 or 6 miles distant. One with a bit of mathematical/trigonometry ability and knowledge about binoculars should be able to venture a rough estimate of the size of the object producing the lights, if in fact it was a single object. At any rate, it had to have be3en quite large.  

I was VERY excited when I found this video on YouTube, because it shows EXACTLY what I saw. I1m trying to contact the videographer. This was to be the first of four such sightings in the next 2 weeks, which I do now believe are associated with the amber lights. [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

SIGHTING # 3 1 Thursday, June 27, 2013 - First 1glow1
I and four other shark fishing friends were on the beach on the south end of Captiva Island, FL, 33924, close to the rock jetty on Blind Pass. At 9:10 p.m., with just a little bit of light left in the sky, we saw an off-white light traveling from north to south (traveling from our right, facing the gulf of Mexico, to our left). The object was about the size of Venus when it is full, but much dimmer, and was about 60 degrees above the horizon over the Gulf of Mexico. It was traveling about two times the speed of a jet liner, but was only about 3/5ths the altitude. The sighting lasted no more that 2 minutes. It was not a satellite, which I1ve seen at least 100 of. 

At approximately 9:30 we saw a second UFO traveling in the same direction, speed and altitude as the first, except that it was not going on and off. It brightened up considerably for about 2 full seconds when it was straight out from us, and then just faded out of view as it went to the south. This object also looked an off white to the naked eye, but was definitely more amber through binocs.  

At 10:24 we then saw, for about 10 minutes, a very strange, white glow, about the shape and size of that last little bit of sun right before it dips below the horizon on a clear night, just over the horizon of the Gulf (the horizon is 7 miles out, and we figured the light was emanating from 10+miles out). The half-circle it formed was about 3 finger-widths wide by about 2 high. We all figured that whatever was producing the light had to be absolutely huge. I could not make out anything discernable with binoculars, other that whatever was making the light seemed to be just a few miles over the horizon.

SIGHTING # 4 1 Friday, June 28, 2013 - Second amber lights
I was on the beach across from my house on the south end of Captiva, when at 9:24 p.m. I noticed an amber light low on the horizon, almost due south of where I was, just off the end of the rock jetty at Blind Pass, in the same direction as the amber lights I1d seen during Sighting #1. I looked at on and off for about 15 minutes and it did not appear to move. Looking at it through my 10X42 binocs, it was a different amber light, by itself, and just above the water because I could see a faint reflection on the water from it. At first I thought it was a boat, maybe 4 or 5 miles distant at the most 1 the horizon over the water is 7 miles distant. The light was about the right size, maybe a bit larger/brighter, for a boat, except that there were no other lights one normally sees on boats at night 1 no red or green navigation lights, or white 1working lights.1 And anchor lights have to be white by law. I have seen numerous boats at night with the same binocs, and I doubt it was a boat, but then again it could have been one. 

For the first time on my UFO 1hunts1 I was prepared with a camera and a long aluminum tube upon which I could steady my camera. I took a few pictures of the light but only one came out. This is where it got weird. There were four amber lights on film! All were the same brightness, fairly close together, and in a roughly horizontal line. After about the 15 minutes the light went out while I was not looking. I continued watching in the same direction for about another hour, both with naked eye and binoculars, but saw nothing until I left at around 11 p.m.

1Flasher1 sighting #2. Somewhere during this time I saw another 1flasher1 due west of me over the Gulf, and about 70 degrees above the horizon, exactly like the first one I saw. The sky was exceptionally clear in that direction this night, and there was no moon light. Again, I got lucky in spotting it with my binocs. It seemed at least as distant as an airliner at that degree in the sky would be. The flashing lights remained pretty much stationary as I watched it for a solid 2 minutes 1 a long time to keep anything in view while free-holding binocs 1 I did not think to brace them on the pole I brought for that purpose because I was afraid of loosing sight of it, which I eventually did because a creak in my neck. I could not find it again with my binocs or by naked eye. 

I got a really good look at it though, but could not make out any kind of a craft because the lights were both flashing irregularly, to the upper right, left high, low, etc. I did slowly move my binocs about to get an idea of how large it might be, but it was just small enough to again take up my whole field of view. I was actually getting frightened toward the end of looking at it. This flasher was exactly the same as the previous one reported on. (see attached drawings/photos)

SIGHTING # # 5 1 Saturday, June 29, 2013 1 Second 1Flasher1
1Flasher1 sighting #3. I was on the same beach looking for whatever I might see, from around 9:10 to 10:05 p.m. I left the beach after walking down to the rock jetty and was walking back home when I just caught sight of yet another flasher, due north of where I was next to the rocks, about 70 degrees up in the sky. There was a light overcast in the direction of the flasher, but I could see it quite well and kept it in view for 10 to 20 seconds before loosing sight of it. I then went home.

SIGHTING # 6 1 Sunday, June 30, 2013 1 Second 1glow1 
My second sighting of the unusual 1glow.1 At approximately 9:45 p.m. I was at my friend 1Carol1s1 house, upstairs on the top deck facing west toward the Gulf of Mexico, which is a half mile away, over Clam Bayou. We were 1UFO hunting.1 We saw, to the northwest of us, just past the north end of Clam Bayou where there is only one presently unoccupied house on the beach. (Most all of the houses on Clam Bayou are also unoccupied during the summer.

It had been raining on and off all day and evening, so there were probably few people out.
 
At 10:16 p.m., on our second trip to her top observation deck, approximately 40 feet above sea level with our eye level being about 45 feet, we noticed a most unusual yellowish 1glow1 just over the tree line of Clam bayou to the NW of us, probably close to shore, . It came on fairly slowly, reached a crescendo and stayed there for maybe 30 to 40 seconds, and then slowly dimmed out completely. The dimming process took about 15 seconds. About 10 minutes latter, it came on as before, and then an apparently second one, probably close to the first, but definitely separate. The second time the glows stayed on for about a minute or more. Because the glows were apparently so close, they were just over 2 hand widths wide, and the top of the glows 1 made apparent because of the mistiness of the night 1 were approximately at our eye levels. We stayed on the observation deck for an additional 15 minutes or so, came back a couple of times after on, but saw nothing else.

These glows were like the one I saw during Sighting #3.  
We both figured that (1) the glows were not made by cars traveling south just over the Blind Pass Bridge 2 miles to the north of us, because it took so long to come on and then go off; and (2) what ever was producing the glows had to be very large indeed.

SIGHTING # 7 1 Wednesday, July 4, 2012 Third sighting of amber lights that turned red + third 1Flasher1
This was the first fairly clear evening since last Sunday. At approximately 9:15 p.m. I went across the street from my house to the beach to my 1regular1 1UFO hunting1 location. The weather was dead calm as it often is after a good rain, and I would say that visibility was around 10 miles. 

At 9:51 p.m. I saw two solid amber lights of the same color as the 6 that I watched for just over 2 hours on June 24 (Sighting #1) 1 there is the possibility that they were the same UFO1s. At 10:05 a third redish-orange light came on above the first two. 

These lights were exactly due north of me, initially just off horizontal of each other, and about a 3 finger-width-at-arm-distance apart from each other (see map and drawing). The lights were initially about the width of a hand at arms length above a tree line, 9 degrees above my eye level horizon, then slowly drifted apart about 2 hand-widths, and then drifted down to just treetop level. During this 15 to 20 minutes I was watching them, all the lights were going on and off occasionally as if on a dimmer switch. I used a 1speed square1 and a yard stick to measure degrees (see accompanying 1Maps1 for a photo of the simple device I made to accurately measure degrees). 

The trees (Australian Pines) are about 70 feet high and approximately 3.5 football-field-lengths away from where I was standing that night. The treetops are 4 degrees above my eye level horizon. My eye level is 5 feet 6 inches. Using this simple device one with mathematical background should be able to figure out what the actual height of a craft/light is. The beach I was standing on is about four feet above sea level. I estimate that whatever it was that was making the lights was approximately 7 to 8 miles distant, and at the highest point they were a guesstimated 6,000 feet in the air; at the lowest about 3,000 feet or less.

I watched the three lights at times with 10X42 binoculars, but could not discern a craft. During the first five to six minutes first the object on the right turned off 1 as if on a dimmer switch 1 then the one to the left turned off. After about 30 seconds they both came back on and quickly drifted down and to the left to tree top level. And then both went off again. 

A short time later both of the amber lights came back on, then just above them the orangish one came on and then changed color to deep redish as I was watching it. Then, as the one of the amber lights turned a deep orange-red it quickly began going down and to the left from above the trees as they dimmed on and off, they the other amber light turned a solid brick red. All of the lights were about the size of a pea at arms length. The two redish lights quickly drifted downward just below tree top level, and then came out to the left (west) of the trees, as if they were investigating the fireworks that were going off, at the Gulf beach at North Captiva Island, 8 miles to the north of me. Then the redish light came back on, about a hand-with above the trees, then quickly drifted downward and to the left as if following the first two, and then just disappeared. Within seconds the first two lights disappeared too.   

The next time I saw the lights perhaps 10 minutes later 1 only two of them 1 they were over the Gulf and seemed to be a lot further away. All the while I was watching these objects I was flashing my 6-volt lantern on and off, doing SOS signals, but none seemed to respond. The lights went off for the duration of the time I stayed on the beach somewhere around 10:30, and shortly after the fireworks stopped. 

Shortly after the main fireworks stopped, I observed, for the fourth time since June 26, a 1flasher,1 in exactly the same area where I saw first saw the lights. Because this flasher came on just about precisely where the orangish lights had just dimmed off, I feel certain that it was associated with them some how. I got lucky again this time because I had some practice in spotting them before in binoculars, and watched them for maybe a 10 full seconds (actually a long time to hold them centered in binocs), before I lost them from view. I do not know if it they just 1blinked out,1 and I could not find them again in my binocs 1 again, a difficult thing to do because they both take up the entire viewing field, and can1t be seen easily with the naked eye unless you are lucky enough to see the out of the 1corner of your eye1 and know how to immediately train your binocs on them. 

What I saw WERE NOT fireworks, and there is no way they could have 1Chinese lanterns,1 although I do have to admit that the colors were very similar to the lanterns I1ve seen on YouTube. 

At 10:36, about a half hour after the fireworks were over, I saw with naked eyes a relatively dim white light. I could not tell if it was dim because it was far away, or was just dim and closer to me. It was about 3 to 4 finger-widths to the left (west) of North Cap, just at the top of a thin cloud layer that started at the horizon and went up about a finger-width or so. 

This being the only thing I saw after battling the mosquitoes and no-see-ums for over an hour (these guys out here are 1professionals1 and are nearly immune to Cutters), I began flashing my 6-volt at it, and ran through quite a few SOS1s, because it was the only light out there. After a minute or so, it appeared to go off, and then come back on, again, as if on a slowly turned dimmer switch. When I watched it through my binocs, I could see that it was not going off as it dimmed down. It definitely was not a boat because it was too far above the horizon, which I could just make out. 

I had just taken my binocs down and was getting ready to flash it again with my binocs when quite suddenly it became nearly blindingly bright, like one of those million-volt flashlights no more than 20 feet in front of me!! It was at it1s brightest for maybe a second or so, but what a long second! 

I got VERY frighten and was in the process of turning to the right and running like hell, when it immediately dimmed down and disappeared.  I honestly don1t remember what happened after that, only remembering the light receding from me. I think I may have stayed at the beach for a while longer after this event, but I1m not really sure as of this writing two days later. The whole event lasted no more than 60 seconds. (I1ve already submitted a less detailed of this event to the National UFO Reporting Center, MUFON, and UFO Hunters, a couple of day after the event, because Peter Davenport at the Center emailed me about the extraordinary number of UFO reports he received for 4th sightings.) 

SIGHTING # 8 1 Saturday, July 7, 2013 1 Fourth sighting of amber lights, an apparently landed UFO, and fourth (close) sighting of the 1glow.1 
I was at my friend 1Carol1s1 again, going up to her top deck occasionally, just looking for whatever we may see, 1UFO hunting.1 It had been raining on and off throughout the day, and there was a thunderstorm in the distance, due west of us, out in the Gulf of Mexico. What follows is based on my audio recording of the events (the video did not come out, although I thought it really should have; I do know that when a lightning flash was seen in the video, my camera was pointed too high.) 

At 9:48 p.m. when we went upstairs and we noticed the same kind of bright glow we had seen before, except this time the glow was white (yellowish before), and VERY close to us, just over the Gulf side tree line at Clam Bayou, and pretty much straight out from where we were looking. This glow looked to me exactly like the one I and four others saw just over the horizon of the Gulf in 1Sighting 1 3.1 

We watched this glow pulsating, at first very slowly, about 10 to 15 seconds between peaks, and then peaking within every 4 to 5 seconds. There were periods in between peaks where the glow stayed off for 2 to 3 minutes at the most. Maybe 5 minutes since the sighting first started, a second glow came on, just to the right of the first glow 1 the glows overlapped something like the buns on a baby, and rose just above our eyelevel horizon, about 45 to 50 feet above sea level. Each 1mound of glow was about 1.5 hand-widths wide at the tops of the trees, as low as we could see. 

We both figured that whatever was making the glow was either very large, or very bright, but there really was no way to accurately tell how far away it was. For certain though, this glow was very much closer that the one I and the other fishermen saw in my earlier report, simply because it was so much wider and taller. Mu guesstimate is that it was no more that a couple miles away. Looking at the daytime photo (attached), although the horizon of the Gulf cannot be seen, it is just below tree level. 

At 10:06 we saw what was to be the first of two amber lights, by now my 4th sighting of them in less than two weeks. The first light 1blinked1 on, versus the way they come on and off as if on a dimmer switch once they are already on. It came on directly at the apex of the white glow on our left. While I was fussing with the camera, which was on, Carol said she saw a red light on top of the amber light 1 by the time I looked at the light again I did not see it, although it seemed that the light had that quickly turned more orangish. Perhaps my eyesight was not as keen as Carols at that moment, and it actually was an amber light with a red light on top. 

A couple minutes later the second amber light came on above the other glow. Now comparing the two, the 1st one was definitely orangish, actually more of an orange red. The lights were 20 to 30 degrees above my eye-level horizon. Then the glows took a couple minutes to dim off, but the lights above just blinked off. 

All of the lights stayed off until a moment before 10:12, when both the glows quickly came back on and I turned the movie mode on my camera back on. Then both the lights blinked back on right at tree top level. This time they were both orange-red, and then both quickly turned red. Both of the lights rose up in the sky quickly and stopped two finger-widths above the tree tops. Carol was telling me that she thought she was having a 1telepathic1 communication with them, and when I immediately asked her to tell me what it was she was 1hearing,1 she lost her ability to speak and stammered11uh..uh111 and could only then say afterwards that she was thinking of 1Close Encounters of the Third Kind.1 She also then said with certainty that the 1light above [the glow] is trying to communicate with the one below.1

Then the red lights just blinked off, and the glows below them blinked off a split second later 1 and it was totally dark, with thunderstorms in the distance 1 at least 7 miles out 1 occasionally lighting up the sky. I stopped my video many times during the lighting events but could make out nothing.

At 10:15 both the glows came back on and Carol said that one of them 1Beamed up a light to the red light in the sky.1 Both the lights shortly thereafter went out for a few seconds and when they came back on they were really red and one was two finger-widths above the other. Then carol said that the lights were coming straight at us, and on audio we both said were scared and had to go inside. Carol had said sometime during the event that she had seen again one of the lights above sending down a beam (while I was fussing with the camera) to another light down below, and toward the end said that 1they1re coming toward us11 and I said Yes. At this point I had just shut off my camera after taking it off Carol1s shoulder and looked out to see that light she just seen beamed down to was a relatively small strobe light that HAD to have landed, or was just a tad off the water on the far side of Clam Bayou from us!!! It was JUST INSIDE of the far tree line from us, right on the Gulf. Carol headed in and I watched it for not very long, because at that time I realized that it really was extremely close to us and likely HAD to have seen us1and1well, I1d had enough and went back inside too. Neither of us looked outside again that evening and I went home, and when there, I don1t recall if I went back out to look again or not.

Both Carol, and I most especially, felt quite strongly that these UFO1s were here, right up close and personal this time, for a very specific reason. We both felt quite strongly that 1they1 knew we were 1here.1 But they had to do their 1thing,1 whatever it may be. Again, here1s the link that I connected with for whatever the reason, for whatever it may be worth to whomever may read this [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg].

SIGHTING # 9 - July 12, 2013 1 1Beautiful1 blue-green light
I went over to the beach at 9:40 p.m. on one of my now regular UFO watches. There were several people all along the beach fishing for sharks; just about everybody had flashlights. I was standing about 150 yards to the north of the Blind Pass jetty, when at 10:05 I noticed a fairly bright greenish light, just over the top of the mid-point of the jetty (see accompanying 1maps1). It was just a tad larger than a pea at arms length, and I initially thought it was a starboard side boat navigation light. It was not there just minutes before.

This light was in the same direction of the amber lights in my first sighting. 

I then looked at it through my 10X42 binoculars, and can only describe the color as 1lovely.1 It just struck me as the prettiest blue green that I1ve probably ever seen. I could not make out a boat or anything other that the light. I kept an eye on it from where I was for about 15 minutes and it remained in the same place, except that it did seem to be getting dimmer. It looked like it was not too far away, maybe a couple of miles to the south, and fairly close to shore. I called my friend 1Carol1 who lives two miles to the south a half mile from the Gulf. She looked out over the Gulf from her top deck and could not see anything (see Maps). So I figured that it was just too close to the water for her to see it.

Around 10:20 it started getting dimmer so I walked the 150 yards to the rock jetty to possibly get a better view. I flashed it with my flashlight but no response. I then started making deep lines in the sand form two locations so I might be able to triangulate in the morning. When I made the second mark I noticed that it started moving off shore, to the right of me. Within a few minutes it traveled a pretty good distance, and I thought this was a little too fast for a boat. Again, I could see no other lights, especially no white running light, as required by law. All other boats that I1ve looked at through binocs at night I could see the reflection of the light on the boat. But this was more like my sighting # 4. 

The light continued to get dimmer but the object was coming toward me, heading north. Within nor more than 5 minutes the object had traveled a good 10 miles, simply based on the angle of the start-finish point. When the light was out in front of me, due west and less than 7 miles off shore, it went out. 

SIGHTING # 10 1 July 14, 2013 1 5th sighting of 1glow1
The weather this night was overcast with thunderstorms in the distance. I was over at my friend Carol1s house again and at exactly 10:10, after looking around since 9:20 or so and just looking at a black, overcast sky, we again saw, if only briefly, the mysterious white glow on the Gulf of Mexico, to the WNW of us, off the northern end of Clam Bayou, almost precisely were we had seen it before, but more to the north (our right). I tried again taking pictures with my camera set on 1night,1 but the shutter speed is too slow to hold the camera by hand 1 nothing came out anyway, no smears or anything.

The glow 1dimmered1 on and off four times within a minute or two, and that was it. We immediately went inside and looked again at Google Earth to see where the glow was coming from, and...nothing there. The closest house is some way1s away.

While looking through my binoculars at the spot I could see a dim spot of white light, with a bit of glow around, that was partially blocked by mangroves. Thinking about it now, a couple of days later and knowing that pictures wont come out, if I see it again I will keep my binocs trained on it to see if that1s where the glow is coming from (I was fussing with my camera when the glow was on). Looking at close-ups of the daytime pictures, there1s just no way the light co9uld have been from someone exploring down there because of how thick the foliage is. Also, the bayou is closed off and there are no boats in there. 

I don1t know if this means anything or not, but I had been going out to the observation deck the previous half hour, flashing my flash light, with no responses during those times. I also flashed my flash light at the glow, but no apparent response.

BRIEF CONCLUSIONS:
1.	Something is going on here, especially considering the Cape Coral report of the same kind of amber lights I and my friend have been seeing. There have also bee at least 12 sighting reports in the area, with one from Sanibel Island ([Linki moved to FI section/cms/tg] ) showing some 1flashers1 similar to the ones I1ve seen.
2.	The area just off of the northern end of Sanibel, in the nearshore Gulf off of 1Carol1s1 house, seems to be a 1hot spot.1
3.	All of our 1major1 sightings happened during relatively inclement weather 1 little to nothing was seen during clear nights. There appears to be a 1dire need1 to find out what1s really going on here and elsewhere.
