{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-03-07 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100787","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5460443.json","updb_database_id":5460443}
{tjd} I was driving SSE on a new 4 lane highwayI saw what appeared to be a new moon rising just above the horizon. Object slowly moved to my left

I was driving SSE on a new 4 lane highway.I saw what appeared to be a new moon rising just above the horizon. As I continued driving (5 to 10 minutes) I kept wondering why the color of the moon wasn't quite right. It appeared a little to red. About that time the object (moon) seemed to move to my left as if the road was making a slow right curve but it wasn't. All this time I had driving about 75 or 80 mph also the size of the hadn't changed.
Now I was getting pretty freaked out because I realized I had been viewing something incredibly strange and with no other visible traffic I was just worried something bad could happen to me and my wife and child. I had an idea that I should pull over and maybe hide under the car or something because this was extremely strange.
As I pulled over I woke up my wife and told to look out the window. She did and then said to me "what are you worried about that the big jelly roll in the sky is going to get you". Just then as we were looking at this the whole object started to turn down and revealed that what we had been looking all along was the wide end of a funnel shaped object that was now pointed stright down. we noticed some pluseating lights on the object as it seemed to hover about 1 to 2 hundred feet over an open field. 
Just then a light with the same circumference as the bottom of the funnel slowly descended to the ground kind of like an elevator. Right then the object shot up into the sky until it got to small to see. The light from the bottom continued to shine down until the object couldn't be seen and at that point the light pulled up from the bottom all the way up to the object and then it was all disappeared.
