{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-31 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518443","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/443/mufon-5518443.json","updb_database_id":5518443}
ambar light nearly still on the sky suddently accelerated towards northwest

Gentleman 

Yesterday - may 31 2012 about 09:30 pm - I was walking through the external area of my house towards the back garden as I noticed there was a ambar colored light hovering on the sky. 

The weather was overcast , it means if I could see that light , it was below the clouds , let1s say 300 or 400 meters it is hard to estimate exactly. 

At first I thought it was a hot air balloon : a dangerous kind of forbidden by law flying device made with wrappig thin paper around wireframe , which carries a soaked with flamable burlap sackcloth torch. 

It took me some seconds to realize that light (just a light without any distinguishable shape) did not flicker as the hot air balloon torch usually do.  
There was not any engine noise so that it could be neither a airplane nor a chopper. 

The light moved very slowly coming from southeast and heading towards northwest.
By this time I was already standing still in the darkness of back garden with my eyes pointed up to northwest.

Then it started to move very fast , it is hard to estimate its velocity , keepig its northwest course . 

Let me explain that the horizon is not viewable due to angle I was , blocked by my own house and neighborhood buildings.
I can only estimate that the light had travelled an arc in the sky of many miles in a fraction of second.

Immediately after the light motion  , during a couple of seconds , the sky was lit by a very day like bright white light which seemed to come from the direction I was looking up. 

All the lights went off for some seconds , judging by the darkness of the sky it occurred a 4 or 5 seconds black out in a large area , followed by the prompt electric power return.

If someone else witnessed to corroborate my report I have no idea. 

What that strange light was I cannot tell you but I can tell you what it was not : it was not a hot air balloon , a chopper , a aircraft , etc. I tried to report you as objectively as I could an event that occurred in less than 60 seconds. Most part of this event , perhaps 40 or 45 seconds , it was the watch of that hovering light. 
As strange it started it finished.  
I thought a lot before making up my mind to report you , but I felt the need to tell someone what happened last night.
I am looking forward to hear your comments and answer questions if you ask me.
Thank you for your attention.
