{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-12 04:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110891","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5292431.json","updb_database_id":5292431}
It was a bright light tiny disk like Jupiter and it was moving rapidly to the East. I was reclining from 4:45AM ti 5:05AM trying to see any Perseid me

It was a bright light tiny disk like Jupiter and it was moving rapidly to the East. I was reclining from 4:45AM to 5:05AM trying to see any Perseid meteors. There were just a few scattered clouds and the moon was out to the east. The wind was very light and the clouds were very slowly moving across the sky. The seeing was good, considering I was in the Denver metropolitan area. During that time, I heard two commercial airliners and followed one with my 6x24 binoculars. They both took over a minute to pass overhead. Mars was brilliant to the east but well lower than the moon, which was about 45 degrees above the eastern horizon, and I saw only one meteor during those twenty minutes. While I was looking almost directly over head, I saw a bright light, about 0 apparent magnitude and brighter than all the other stars, but not nearly as bright as Mars. The object was slightly to my left (I was reclining facing north) moving directly east. It was moving fast, but I immediately put my binoculars on it when it was almost directly overhead. I followed it for about eight seconds and it covered just over a quarter of the sky. By that time I thought what if their were any other lights and took off the binoculars. After about two seconds I realized there was nothing else, but then I could not find that bright moving light again. It gave no sound, its light was constant and not like following a plane whose front lights are very bright with usually at least two lights and then sometimes colored side lights and which gets fainter as it flies away. This thing was fast. Being a tiny yet bright orb, it could have been a thousand feet up or 50,000 feet up, but for some reason I'd guess it was less than a mile high. I doubt if it is normal commercial aircraft technology and I don't know what it was. It was very unusual. After I couldn't find it again, I looked at my digital watch and it said it was 4:59 AM, but I think my watch is a couple minutes fast.
