{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-26 04:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3156,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5526431.json","updb_database_id":5526431}
three brite white lights which appeared to be a triangular shaped object traveling south south east

On 4/26/11 I happened to be having trouble sleeping so around approximately 0345 hours I decided to go outside and sit on my back pourch since the weather was so nice. The sky was very clear with an occasional cload which could easily be seen. I was laying on my back looking straight up at a particularly bright star (the moon was off to my left)and just basically relaxing and star gazing. I started to get stiff laying down so I sat up facing south. I happened to look straight up over my head again and noticed what appeared to be a very bright star which I thought was the same star I had just been looking at but this one was much brighter and I noticed it was moving at what appeared to be a fairly high rate of speed towards the south. I observed the star I had been looking at before which was stationary and less bright. I then noticed the very bright light directly above me was followed by another bright light (much brighter than the surrounding stars). The two lights were off set and then I noticed the third light almost immediately to the west of the first light and the entire formation appeared to be moving as if it were one object. The lights formed a triangular shape (the sides longer than the base)and appeared to me as if it were a triangle flying backwards (leading with the base). The object appeared to be extremely large and traveling at a much higher rate of speed than any satelite or aircraft I observed before or after. The triangular shape was heading south south east. I watched as the first light(east side) of the object appeared to reflect the moon light and got brighter and the dimmed as it traversed the sky almost directly away from me to the south. There were no visible clouds in the path of the formation and it was completely silent. The lights did not blink or change color. I watched the formation for about three or four seconds and then reached down for my cell phone which was on the ground next to me to try and take video of the lights. I looked down for a second to retrieve my phone and when I looked back to photograph the object, it was gone. I was very disappointed to not get a video. I took two photos with my cell phone of the area of the sky I expected the object to be but nothing turned out. The time on my phone was 0402 after I tried to take the video. I am not sure if it was a formation of three seperate lights or if it was a triangular object. All the lights appeared fixed in relation to each other.
