{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5483431.json","updb_database_id":5483431}
{rjl} Here, orange pulsating light, moving at a constant seed at the same height

1.) I noticed something very strange, and almost scary, when I saw a brightly-colored object. I saw this object when I was stopped at a stop sign in Jackson Avenue, Salisbury Mills NY.

2.) I first noticed it is once I stopped at the sign stop, to to make a left, and saw this unnatural and highly strange hovering and moving a straight line about a Train Trestle that crosses a road and a large field. 

3.) Having taken Biology, and being an Atheist, I tend to observe things in a critical way. It caught me so off guard. I could not take my eyes off of it, because I was so memorized by what I saw, that I didn't even think to bring out my cell phone. It definitely wasn't a plane or helicopter. Unless the train station using from strange, pulsating orange o, but I don't know. My mind was racing, trying to figure out what it was

4.) This object was a perfectly round sphere. As I was stopped in my car at the stop sign, I got a clear view of it. It was hovering above a train trestle and moved at a constant speed, until the train track led into Schunemuck Mountain. It was a bright orange color. It was pulsating as it was slowly moving I didn't hear anything. This was very large as well. 

5.) After the sighting, I called my boyfriend and I was absolutely freaking out, because of course I was by myself! Once I got home, I told my family, but it seems like no one believed me. I don't talk about it a lot, because I'm sure people would think that I'm lying, and 

I don't wan't to sound crazy (which it was I am reporting it). I was terrified for the rest of that night, wracking my brain about what it was. I needed an answer, because it's so hard to see something like that and not be able to tell too many people. As I watched this object I wish:1.) Someone was with me 2.) Videotaped it 3.) Waited for another car to drive by me so they could see it too. 

6.) The craft disappeared once after it followed the tracks on the tran trestle. These tracks lead into the side of a mountain. This is where it went. I tried speeding down the road to get another look, but I never say it again.
