{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-10 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5525431.json","updb_database_id":5525431}
1ST KNOWN PICTURES/VIDEO OF SANTA MONICA UFO WAVE

On 2-10-2010 at approx. 10:45pm out my window of my Venice Beach, CA apartment I could see a hovering craft with an illumines bottom side come in from the left slowly parking itself about few hundred yards south of the Santa Monica Pier and about at the end of the pier out in the water. About a 1/4 mile away. We have routine noisy police helicopters but after about 3 minutes of silence with it flickering these colorful soft lights I decided I needed to capture what clearly was a disc shaped UFO on my Nikon D90 SLR 12.3mp camera. It did change shape and look roundish and phase out a few times in this encounter. The lights were not like police warning lights. Almost like the skin of the craft was shimmering these soft lights in different places. I had a better zoom lens but I wanted to get it captured as fast as possible and the sigma 50mm lens was on it so I went with that. Took a few shots and looked and camera was on daytime settings. Just mostly black so I adjusted but went too far opening F-stop. Readjusted again constantly looking up to see if it was gone. It wasn't to my amazement. This is a large tourist area and it was just parked there. I took a few shots and liked what I saw and snapped a few more then had to go for video. 8 pictures came out well. The Nikon D90 has 24p so I recorded about 30 seconds of very interesting footage that needs to be analyzed in a computer or avid bay. Not too much UFO footage is shot in this high-res format. It shows the craft flickering its lights and phases in and out of the air. I needed my glasses to see the back LED which you use on the Nikon for video only but the reading glasses weren't near so I thought I lost the space craft so I stopped the recording (kicking myself) but after I'd saved the file which I did in a nervous I know I have something manner. I looked up to start to capture more but didn't have time. Was in awe as it float up like a fast balloon over the Santa Monica Mountains and up to a extremely high altitude til it was gone.

The same craft can be seen in a later video on Youtube. search "UFO sighting in Santa Monica". Youtube User bluntrolledtight. 
also Search "Santa Monica Silver Surfer UFO on NBC LA" to see the same UFO parked in the same position many months later. 

Doubt our military is dumb enough to do that. Looks like either they want contact or they like the giant Ferris wheel at the end of the pier that emits a similar light pattern. I kept this not telling a soul. No need to. I knew what was it was and was blessed to have a very close look at an extraterrestrial space vehicle. I have recently decided to share the experience with others who care to know more or are looking for an answer. The rest of the public, I'm not interested in.
