{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5500431.json","updb_database_id":5500431}
{nd} Saw, with neighbors present, saucer shaped object with dome and rotating, flashing lights approach, hover, move slowly and silently off into distance.

Early one evening, while standing on my porch and talking to my next door neighbor, who was on her porch, we saw what can only be described as a flying saucer slowly approach in the sky, hover for perhaps 10 to 15 seconds, then slowly fly away until we could no longer see it. The object made absolutely No noise whatsoever, and was Very low in the sky. In fact, it was only a matter of 15 to 20 feet above the rooftops of the houses on our street. This is a neighborhood in the city of Baltimore that consists of row houses. I was 15 years old at the time and kind of remember the news media brushing off the many reported sightings by trying to explain it as an "advertising hoax". I absolutely knew better. Advertising stunt, with no advertising, writing, or claims of responsibility by any company; yeah, right! This object was close enough to the ground that I could have thrown a baseball at it and hit it. The vehicle had flashing and rotating lights on the outside perimeter of the bottom section and a dome on top of it and, astonishingly to me, made absolutely NO sound of any kind. Even at that young age I found myself wondering what kind of propulsion it had to be silent like it was. There was no doubt in my mind then nor is there now that my neighbor and I had just viewed a flying saucer. Unfortunately, I was the only member of my family on the porch at the time and despite my next door neighbor being a witness, I've always felt that my family never believed me when I told them what I had seen or talked about it anytime afterwards. As it turns out, my sister, who is two years older than me, married my next door neighbor's son. Over the years, I was even greeted with skepticism from my wife when I told her of the incident or ever spoke of it. Then, many years later, while at a surprise 50th birthday party for my sister's husband, his mother, out of the clear blue, asked me if I remembered the time we saw a flying saucer together way back when we lived on Brendan Avenue. Well, my wife's mouth dropped open and I exclaimed, "Thank you, Celie!", and I turned to my wife and asked her if she believed me now. Celie and I then proceeded to talk at length about what we had seen so many years ago and everyone in my family suddenly seemed quite interested at last. It really seemed like yesterday. You just don't forget things like that. This wasn't just a light in the sky. This thing was just SO CLOSE to us. Close enough that we could make out and remember Every detail about the craft. My wife is much more computer literate than I am and one evening years after that birthday party she was on her laptop and said, "Hey, Bill. Does this look anything like what you and Celie saw that evening way back when?". I don't know what she had found or where she found it but the picture I saw on her computer looked eerily similar to what Celie and I had seen. I'd like to add here and now that I, and my wife, are Very devout born again Christians and believe with all our hearts about creationism, God, and Jesus being our personal Lord and Savior. I do Not lie or make up stories. I have No explanation for what I saw that evening, and I don't know if God has created life on other planets. I believe in the Bible and have yet to see any reference of extraterrestrials in it. Fallen angels, yes; even ones that in the old testament came and had relations with human women, but no flying saucers or extraterrestrials. I do know this, though. I saw a flying saucer when I was 15 years old and would have no problem taking a polygraph test to prove my honesty. Believe it or not, I Did have a polaroid camera in my house that evening. They were very new technology back then, and I just wish I had ran into my house to try to grab a picture of it. But when something like that happens, I don't know, I never gave that a thought. It was almost like I was in shock. Maybe one day Jesus will tell me what it was I saw that night and where it came from. It's not really all that important to me now, though. Yes, I'm curious, but all I really care about is Jesus and my family.
