{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-14 09:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5505431.json","updb_database_id":5505431}
{cak} Unreal movement

I was at work and walked out back to smoke at around 0930AM. I saw a white object in the sky. I thought it was stationary at first becasue I didn't see it moving. It was a few miles away and was fairly high. It began to move across the sky and I assumed it was a plane. I was watching it still not really concentrating.I noticed it stopped moving and was stationary again. I thought perhaps it had been turning and just appeared to be stationary to my view. It suddenly went straight up really fast for a second and stopped again. The speed it went up with was not something I had seen before. Now I was paying attention. I know what I saw. No one would believe me. I grabbed my cell phone and snapped a quick picture of it. I also looked at the time. It was 9:35 AM. It isnt a great photo but I did get it while it was still. Im not saying I took a picture of a "UFO" but the movement this object made was not something I had ever seen a plane make. I continued to watch the object not really sure if I was seeing this clearly or had I just not been paying attention. While I was paying attention, it very quickly moved to the left so fast that I had to turn move my eyes to find it. It stopped again stationary. It stayed there for a about 6 seconds and then I lost it. I don't know if it moved again really fast or just disappeared. Im not saying this was "UFO" but it moved faster than an object, normal object, can move at that distance from me. It also stopeed twice and just sat there. Since the hairs on my body stood up I decided to tell someone. I didn't want to tell my coworkers or family what I had seen. I don't even know what I saw. If it was a plane, it is not like any plane I have ever seen or heard of. I was hoping maybe if this was looked at, you folks might be able to rationalize it for me.
