{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-13 04:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464431","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/431/mufon-5464431.json","updb_database_id":5464431}
Camrose,Wetaskiwin,Hobbema,Hinton,Edmonton,Leduc,Ponoka

There is a program group that has been going around Alberta. They use the alias eastern stars, Illuminati, company, a program out of Ponoka. This group uses a made up code language, that the RCMP and gang units are aware of, (how they talk like that) can prove. They harass about being a witness and working with council( under fraudulently pretenses.) It has to do with a witness in a missing persons case/cold case, for which they are not qualified. This group has called me an Aryan and an it. I have reported them for this, discrimination, nobody has ever called me an Aryan or an it. Nobody uses the term Aryan since world war 2 because of the white supremacy connotation. My grandfather was a world war 2 vet, I have reported this group to National defense headquarters for the terrorist gang content and discrimination, they are working closely in regards to this with the RCMP. National Defense is public safety, safety is identifying ones self in the bounds of the law to the local authorities, the RCMP. I was a child once myself and grandma's house is what I wanted to see. This group has also been reported for trying to impersonate the police, saying fraudulently that they are Aryan police, or a detective. This has been reported to the RCMP, gang units, alert and interpol. The RCMP have legal agreements in place now with some males, identified as Indo-Aryan males. The RCMP have dealt with the term of a Sky being, telepathy etc. There has also been numerous complaints of individuals harass people in the public with some made up switch stuff, that has been reported to the RCMP, as they have the powers of authority to deal with this around myself as a public figure, how this affects the public. Hear any fart-mastering? I have never been involved in any gang, the RCMP know this. I have a permanent ex-parte restraining order against a stranger for stranger stalking me that has gang ties. People are being believed.
