{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:42:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 30, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1640812, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/147872343/42-t-26444787-20080359F-001-002-2013.pdf", "source_sha256": "aea799acc9f56264be593e788d32615281a4bc0c57f479a8c8600daa51068bc6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 3086, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 3
RECORD TYPE: FEDERAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREATOR: The Kairos «thekairos@the-word-is-truth.org» | The Kairos ‹thekairos@the-wo
CREATION DATE/TIME:16-JAN-1999 15:32:49.00
SUBJECT: The Truth
TEXT:
Hello friend,
My name is Joseph P. Firmage. You are receiving this message either
because you have visited my Internet book site at
www.TheWordIsTruth.org, or someone considered it important to refer
your e-mail address to me to include in this distribution.
Broadcast messages from me will not be frequent,
șo don't worry about
me cluttering up your mailbox.
Following this brief introduction, I have provided below a URL which
will direct you to an "editor's cut" condensed edition of my book, The
Truth, published on November 25th, 1998. This condensed edition is first
available only in a Microsoft Word 97 file format!, other formats will be
added later. A hardback version of the complete book as iț stands will
become available later this year. I understand and appreciate that it is
impossible for many of you to allocate enough time to read a several
hundred page book, particularly online, so I have taken the time to
provide a proper summary of its contents and claims. I've spent millions
of dollars to communicate this information at no
not asking much to take a quiet moment and at the cost to you, so it is
very least read this
shortened version. I don't ask that you believe, just that you read and
consider.
The Truth represents a rather large hypothesis, whose overall
conclusion has enormous implications for every single human on Earth.
I have written the book from the perspective of a generalist, with the
collaboration of many well-respected specialists. The
specialization
in which I have been most deeply educated is computer science, and
more recently, the Internet economy. But that's only the latest step
in my particular journey.
It started from a passion for the stars, sparked by wondrous science
fiction shown throughout my youth. It grew into a commitment to
science, and physics in particular. The desire to comprehend the
deepest functions and meaning of physics evolved into a study of
scientific anomalies - always where fundamental new discoveries
emerge. Unfortunately, 5-10 years ago, such anomalies found no root in
a rational explanatory hypothesis, and therefore the underlying
observations have been rejected by science: Frustrated, I left the
domain years ago to concentrate exclusively on algrowing involvement
in computing
and communications and various related enterprises.
Sparked again 14 months ago by one of the most remarkable events in my
life to date,
I returned to these domains to study more recent
developments, now aided by the communications reach of the Internet. I
found extremely well-respected scientists whose remarkable new
theories began to clearly explain the anomalies. The pieces of those
old puzzles then began to assemble into a majestic picture, motivating
me to
return attention to studying a broad cross-section of works as a
generalist. Adding fuel to the fire is
a growing understanding that

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3473, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 2 of 3
the future of our biosphere and our civilization is at risk
depends in fundamental ways upon the types of discoveries I discuss on
the book.
Why are generalists useful to the world? Because we predict the future
for the whole of civilization, not simply a single branch of study. As
within any field of specialists, many generalists'
are frequently wrong
and many generalists are frequently right. I've chosen to put forth a
testable hypothesis which is concisely stated in 17 phrases. The
details underneath these phrases are each important, but more
important is the coherence of the overall pattern.
It is certain that
several of the details in a work of this scale are incorrect. But the
plausibility of the overall hypothesis requires only that there is
good evidence for each primary logical step.
Naturally, there should be a lot of evidence supporting each logical
step in order to make the assertions I am making. I believe such
evidence is now in print, across my book and in those books referenced
by me.
You might think that I am distraught over wild exaggerations in the
press and the resulting possibility of damage to my credibility and
career, given my choice to communicate this information so publicly.
Indeed, though I am no longer with the firm, I have helped to create
resulting possibility of dama 1 1e
$2+ billion dollar enterprise at the pinnacle of the Internet
communications revolution just before the dawn of the new millennium.
It's a great place and time to build a career: But,
actually, I am
more excited than ever before in my life, despite the frightening
challenges we all face that I describe below. What I have put together
is quality information, I have studied it for over a decade, and its
implications are an order of magnitude more fundamental than you have
imagined. The implications fire the imagination.
This book simply does not fit into the class of the fringe or fantasy.
I do not mean to diminish the works of others who've tackled this
subject matter, for I have built my hypothesis in part upon their
preliminary research into a phenomenon almost completely foreign to
open science. But whatever the ultimate truth may turn out to be, it
will have to explain all of the subjects addressed in this book, for
everything in this book observes significant phenomenon that are or
have actually occurred. I am not aware of an alternative theory that
connects each of these large pieces. One thing is certain: there is a
human saga, and we must decipher every major clue discussed in this
book to understand it.
Even granting this,, you may ask why I should bother doing this. Why
should I not keep this to myself, and pursue whatever passions I have
as a private study?
Why? Because you are my brothers and sisters in a sense more
meaningful than the cultural frameworks we use to separate ourselves
into groups: we are all part of the race of homo
fragile yet ancient creation just now waking up to its potential. I
care about you, and I am deeply concerned for our shared long term
future, the legacy we shall leave. We are destroying our children; our
culture, even the ancient biosphere that made us, as we encourage a
mindlessly uncontrolled praise of wealth. The Earth has a water cycle
and a carbon cycle. It must have a profit cycle. 'And it will, even if
it becomes so disfunctional as to fail humanity, i before returning to
health. As the great scientist Carl Sagan long maintained, the

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1561, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 3 of 3
discovery of extraterrestrial life will ultimately become the single
greatest unifying force ever for humanity. We will need that kind of
'unity to overcome the next century's challenges.
Meanwhile, the Cosmos beckons us, as if to say "demonstrate the
judgment to deserve access to this domain".
In this story, the CEO in me has become a human being, the scientist
has turned from a pessimist to an optimist, the skeptic has opened his
mind, and the spirit in everything I have sensed with clarity. Whether
you agree with my conclusions or not, if a critical number of us can.
cross similar thresholds in our pursuit of truth, in whatever
direction it may lead each of us, a genuine transformation of our
society will occur.
welcome to The Truth, http://www.ThewordIsTruth.org/TheTruth.doc,
a story that will go on forever. Print this out, it's about 240 pages
long. Take it to a quiet place, and read it through at one time. If you
find it as fascinating as I do, please forward this message to as many
people as you can. My primary objective is to spread this knowledge as
far as possible. We can all agree to let the history books determine
whether my hypothesis is correct.
The complete book, and a recently started personal journal that will
track its evolution, can be found at www.TheWordIsTruth.org.
And to my brilliant co-authors, thank you again.
JOSEPH P. FIRMAGE
INTERNATIONAL SPACE SCIENCES ORGANIZATION
If you wish to be removed from this mailing list.
follow the link below:
http://www.ThewordIsTruth.org/remove.cfm

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1848, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 3
RECORD TYPE: PRESIDENTIAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREATOR: Ed Yardeni «yardeni@ix.netcom.com>/
( Ed Yardeni <yardeni@ix.netcom.com> | U
CREATION DATE/TIME: 18-JAN-1999 22:08:53.00
SUBJECT: WEF Panel at Davos
TO: John A. Koskinen | CN=John A. Koskinen/OU=WHO/O=EOP
[ WHO 1)
READ: UNKNOWN
CC: francescairncross@economist.com | francescairncross@economist.com | UNKNOWN | ).
READ: UNKNOWN
CC: cbraga@worldbank.org| cbraga@worldbank.org | UNKNOWN !)
READ: UNKNOWN.
CC: Bruno Giussani@weforum.org | Bruno_Giussani@weforum.org | UNKNOWN I )
READ: UNKNOWN
TEXT:
John: Please comment on Bruno's rewrite of my Action Plan Draft, which now
reflects your ideas. I like it. Any additional thoughts would be greatly
appreciated by the WEF panel, I'm sure. BTW: Instead of flying to NYC, why.
not Beijing on New Millennium Day? Ed
Bruno: Hope you don't mind my taking this initiative.
Carlos: Welcome to the panel. Did you get a copy of
my first Action Plan
draft? Also, please confirm that you do not believe in UFOs. (John: FYI,
Joe Firmage was originally on the panel.)
Frances: Any changes or additions in Bruno's version that you would like to
see?
I would still like a sentence to prod the G8 meeting of Finance Ministers
in Feb. to take Y2K more seriously and at least endorse an Action Plan of
their own, if not ours.
Ed
At 04:48 PM 1/18/99 +0100, Bruno Giussani@weforum.org wrote:
=
›Bruno Giussani@WEF
>01/18/99 04:48 PM
›Hope you had a nice week-end. Thanx Frances for providing some laugh
›here...:-)
›››China's reported response to the
airline problem - make
»>> the company bosses fly on Jan 1 - is 'a splendid idea.
>Just to bring everybody in the loop: I've
• sent today to carlos Braga
copies
>of:
>--Ed's Action Plan Draft
>--Koskinen's reaction
>--Frances' comments
›Please from now on copy all four of us
the discussion:

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2547, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_ARMS Email System
Page 2 of 3
>francescairncross@economist.com
syardeni@ix.netcom.com
>cbraga@worldbank.org
>Bruno_Giussani@weforum.org
›After reading Koskinen's list of all coordinating activities already in.
›place, some of which I wasn't aware of, I quite agree with him that it
»would probably be a mistake to call for a new coordinating body to be set
sup, and that the best way to use the Davos platform is probably to
increase
›the pressure on businessmen and politicians to commit more energy and
means
›and participate in the Y2K efforts. The International Y2K Coordinating
›Committee overseen by the World Bank seem very much to match the profile
›the Y2K alliance Ed suggested (Carlos, can you bring in more details
here?)
>I would therefore suggest, following Frances idea, to maintain the
›principle of an Action plan, but to turn it much more into a call for a
›closer cooperation with and within the existing bodies under the
›Coordinating committee.
›I've spent part of the weekend reading "survivalist" literature and I
›with John that the list of responses to Y2K failures suggested by Ed could
›be very much misinterpreted by the press, especially in a setting such
›Davos.
'.. a mand
›Therefore, I would suggest something like this (cutting back from Ed's
stext) :
›The Year 2000 Problem: A Call To The World's Leaders
»We the members of this panel on the Year 2000 Problem (Y2K) gathered today
›at the Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland
›call on the world's political and business leaders to fully participate in
›and support the international efforts underway to remediate the problem,
and store
›develop contingency plans in case of failures or disruptions, and inform
›the public in order to build up confidence.
›During the few remaining months before the start of the new millennium,
›world leaders must play a much greater role in addressing this problem.
>They must make Y2K our top global priority.
›Many countries have national Y2K campaigns to increase awareness, to
assess
›private-sector progress, and to remediate public-sector computers.
However,
›a considerable number of other countries are paying a low level of
›attention to the year 2000 problem.
»We call all the political and business leaders to personally commit and to
›commit their government and company to:
>
›*Globally coordinated remediation actions, aimed at identifying; on a
›worldwide basis, the vital systems that remain at risk of failing and
›provide whatever resources are necessary to fix them in time. This

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1490, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 3 of 3
includes
›especially globally interdependent systems
such as defense, energy,
›telecommunications, air transportation, shipping and logistics, food
›production, manufacturing, finance
and banking. First priority
should be
to
> insure the functioning of
systems that are life-threatening if they fail,
»such as military and civilian nuclear systems. Special awareness-raising
›and remediation efforts should be aimed at developing countries.
»*Contingency & Recovery actions, aimed at assessing the likelyhood of
›blackouts and other significant disruptions and 'preparing and implementing
›contingency and disaster recovery plans in the event of the failure of
›vital systems.
»*Public Information actions, formulating and executing national and
›international information campaigns to build the public's confidence in
›systems that can be expected to function properly, while guiding their
›efforts to calmly implement their own
contingency plans to deal with
›possible disruptions, without exacerbating the overall situation. Total
›transparence on Y2K, preparedness should be firmly required from any
›individual and organization.
›We also call
all the political and business leaders
to support the
establishment and the
activities of the International Y2K Coordinating
›Committee, overseen by the World Bank.
›this could be presented at the meeting, of ministers on Sunday Morning, and
›then
in the public panel on monday.
>let me know, and be frank
>B-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3272, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 2
RECORD TYPE: FEDERAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREATOR: Joe Firmage Automessenger <> | Joe Firmage Automessenger <> | UNKNOWN | )
CREATION DATE/TIME:15-MAY-1999 12:45:20.00
SUBJECT: New Writing
TEXT:
Hello,
Joe Firmage here. It has been some time since I last broadcast a message to
the visitors to my book's Web site (www.TheWordIsTruth.org), and have just
now had time to organize my thoughts following the maelstrom of activity.
The time I have available for writing is stretched among the various
economic demands on my schedule, integrating a stream of important new
knowledge discovered in an ongoing quest of research, and preparing
organizational systems capable of supporting a broader set of initiatives
on a perpetual basis.
Some of you have expressed
concern that I may have been discouraged by the
rather shallow coverage given the intellectual point of this quest. Much of
the coverage hasn't been heartening, to say the least. But, I have to tell
you something: it doesn't matter. I'm perfectly happy to let history be the
judge.
Friends, I believe humanity approaches a new era, one vastly richer in
possibility than the one anticipated from within the limits imposed upon
civilization by 20th Century physics and fragmented religious ideologies.
I believe revolutions in our understanding of physics are likely imminent,
and the plausible implications are staggering. A sweeping new view of 21st
Century science which respects a core body of spiritual truths holds
promise beyond all other ontological paths that can be seen. I will shortly
help launch organizations which take this into account and lay a stepwise
foundation for helping this transformation along.
The firehose of knowledge presently available to serious open-minded
thinkers is remarkable. Of course, all domains of study are filled with
more misplaced ideas and delusions than truths, particularly at a time when
humanity is just beginning to play with advanced tools of communication
like computers and the Internet. But underneath a great mass of speculation
one can find outstanding gems of first-hand research spanning science,
spirituality, and history. I'm in the wonderful and humbling position to
see some of the very best new ideas that will drive us down the road
ahead. I have become all the more enthralled with á vision that continues
to materialize each day. Additions to your library worthy of a new
millennium will be recommended shortly, enabling you to follow along on
a rigorous path of discovery.
I will soon share the most interesting of these concepts as part of the
"Truth Files", the kickoff series of presentations which will be
facilitated through "SiteCast" (Internet + live broadcast) capabilities of
the International Space Sciences Organization (ISSO). ISSO is the vehicle I
have constructed to pursue breakthrough scientific inquiries in the fields
of propulsion, energy, and the physical dynamics of consciousness. ISSO
will establish a "global classroom" on the Internet for the presentation of
ideas that arthritic media refuse to present to the public for serious and
sober discussion. ISSO is now scheduled to launch on June 1, 1999.
details on this event and
later this month, but what I intend to establish is a platform for minds

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1297, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 2 of 2
far greater than mine to present their remarkable concepts in terms
comprehensible to the public.
As a preview of further writings from me, and as an indication of the kinds
of breakthrough studies of which you will learn in detail if you choose to
stay with me on this journey, I have prepared the
following... http://www.thewordistruth.org/new_writing.htm
Please take a quiet moment to download and read the document. It is timely.
Thank you for this
slice of your attention today, and please, visit my
site. Remember that all ideas are subject to growth as truth demands, and
that what you are reading is simply an unedited beginning of a sweeping
story, with the most fascinating surprises yet to be experienced.
If you wish to respond to this message, send mail to thekairos@yahoo.com. I
hope to review much of what is sent to me, but cannot promise a response to
Very best...
JOSEPH
Founder & Chairman
FIRM
AGE
International Space Sciences Organization
mailto: thekairos@yahoo.com
P.S. Check out the May issue of Discover Magazine, and the April issue of
Physics Ioday. Therein can be found clues to
the revolutions which
we may soon see.
If you would prefer to be removed from this mailing list, follow the link
below:
http://www.TheWordIsTruth.oxg/remove.cfm

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2510, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 2
=
RECORD TYPE: FEDERAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREATOR: Joe Firmage Automessenger «> ( Joe Firmage Automessenger <> | UNKNOWN | )
CREATION DATE/TIME: 23-JUN-1999 22:13:08.00
SUBJECT: ISSO Update
TEXT:
Hello,
I am sending you this update with four items of note:
First, there is an excellent source of information I would like to bring to
your attention:
The Journal of Scientific Exploration (JSE), published by
the Society for Scientific Exploration (SSE). Neither JSE nor SEE are
connected with ISSO, but I believe that this
journal is such
and inique source of research in frontier areas of science fine uding Ent
UFO phenomenon) that I consider it important to spread the word about this
publication.
The official description in the Allen Press Buyer's Guide to Scientific,
Medical and Scholarly Journals states: JSE publishes refereed research
articles aimed at scientific advance and the expansion of human knowledge
in
areas falling outside the established scientific disciplines. It provides
an
unbiased professional forum for discussion and debate of anomalous.
phenomena. Research articles are selected for publication on the basis of
scholarship, as determined by peer review, and can be either supportive,
critical or neutral.
Io the best of my knowledge the journal is the only source of information,
discussion and commentary on topics covering the entire spectrum of
anomalous phenomena and exceptional human abilities in an unbiased and
rational manner. The goal of JSE is neither to advocate the reality of
anomalous phenomena, nor to debunk.
I urge you to visit their website at http://www.jse.com for further
information and, if you wish, to subscribe to this Journal.
Second, posted to the following URL is a first cut at a "New Millennium
Library" -- a subset of seminal resources I would strongly advise you to
study, to educate yourself on subjects which an increasing number of
leading
futurists believe will drive humanity's future. If you have the courage to
consider seriously the hypothesis that I and many other thinkers now take
quite seriously, then carefully review each of the following references in
sequence...
http://www.TheWordIsTruth.org/know.htm
You may see the 21st Century in a completely new perspective once through
these books and sites. Check back at this link before the end of the. year
to
see
a more comprehensive list of recommendations.
Third, posted to the following URI you'll find a few remarks on a recent
article reviewing my writings.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 93, "chars": 591, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 2 of 2
http://www.IheWordIsTruth.org/redherring.htm
Finally, due to the volume of incoming
information and the pace of recent
activities, I have shifted the launch of the International Space Sciences
Organization to July, 1999. I'll send out a notice just before launch, to
let you know the details. Sorry for the delay. Bookmark ISSO's forthcoming
website at www.isso.org.
Very best,
JOSEPH
_FIR MAGE
Chairman, Int'l Space Sciences Organization
If you would prefer to be removed from this mailing list, follow the link
below: http://www.TheWordIsTruth.org/remove.cfm

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2591, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 2
RECORD TYPE: FEDERAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREAȚOR: Joe Firmage Automessenger «> ( Joe Firmage Automessenger <> | UNKNOWN 1 )
CREATION DATE/TIME: 23-JUL-1999 22:34:38.00
SUBJECT: ISSO Update
TEXT:
Hello all,
It gives me great pleasure to announce that on July 28, 1999, the
International Space Sciences Organization will officially be launched. I'1l
be giving the launch presentation through a national radio broadcast from 8
pm to 10 pm Pacific, as a guest of Jeff Rense's Sightings program. Please
plan on visiting the ISSO web site at www. ISSO.org on that date for further
details. Station listings by city will be provided, and the transmission
will also be available on Broadcast.com.
Also, I'd like to bring your attention to two outstanding books recently
published.
The first is The Marriage of Sense and Soul, by Ken Wilber.
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0375500545/0/gid=932758039/sr=8-3/00
2-8687089-6503053
Ken is one of the world's most perceptive and lucid philosophers, and his
writings are sure to be
remembered for decades, perhaps centuries, to come.
In Sense and Soul, Wilber takes the reader through an excellent
philosophical discussion of the ontological paradigms of science and
religion, and reaches for the conclusion which represents one of the.
fundamental assertions of my own writings: that science and various
traditions of spirituality, however imperfectly institutionalized over
time,
represent essential and complementary aspects of being.
As readers of my writings know, I believe that science measures and spirit
experiences the same ontological unity. Wilber describes more completely
than I have thus far a very similar worldview.
The second title I'd recommend you pick up is Future War: Non-Lethal
Weapons
in Iwenty-First-Century Warfare, by John Alexander.
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0312194161/0/gid=932758989/sr=2-1/00
2-8687089-6503053
The correlation between my writings and Alexander's rests in the idea that
the realization of the sweeping visions that are now becoming plausible for
21st Century society require that we pursue real, tangible steps to end the
endemic human propensity for use of force in conflict resolution. If
mankind
is to evolve on a Cosmic stage and interact with lifeforms advanced perhaps
millions or billions of years beyond homo sapiens, we must change our
persistent pattern of aggressive behavior.
Until there is a fundamental
shift in consciousness, no amount. of wishing is going to stop conflicts.
No longer a voice in the wilderness, Alexander's work has received the

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1768, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*ARMS Email System
Page 2 of 2
endorsement of many senior milițary officials. Popular
authors, such as
Tom
Clancy and Michael Crichton have inculcated Alexander's concepts in their
books, thus influencing public opinion.
Future War contains the first
foreword that Tom Clancy has written. Drafted in 1997, Future War
prophetically described the events at Columbine High with uncanny accuracy.
Other events are coming to pass. To know our intermediate future I
recommend
you read this authoritative work:
Having had the opportunity to visit with senior officials from every branch
of our military, I can state with the highest degree of confidence that the
use of military force characterized by 20th Century conflicts cannot be
presumed to be effective in dealing with the fundamental threats of the
future. As technology improves the individual's ability to project mass
lethal force through chemical; biological, and even nuclear means, the
strategic landscape which underlies military charters fundamentally
changes.
The focus for the investment of our resources sharpens where it has always
been directed, but now
with far greater intensity: individual ethics and
education worldwide -- things no machine of war can ever ultimately
deliver.
Of course, it's easier for human beings to live peacefully with each other
when their aspirations are given the freedom to soar beyond conflict and
materialism, as the 30th anniversary of the greatest achievement in human
history should remind us.
With that kind of vision as the high water
mark to guide us, we're hard at
work...
Best regards,
Joe Firmage
Chairman, Int'l Space Sciences Organization
If you
would prefer to be removed from this mailing list, follow the link
below: http://www.TheWordIsTruth.org/remove.cfm

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2812, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 7
RECORD TYPE: FEDERAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREATOR: Joe Firmage «jfirmage_null@the-word-is-truth.org> | Joe Firmage «jfirmage n
CREATION DATE/TIME:18-SEP-1999 02:47:12.00
SUBJECT: Summer 1999
TEXT:
Hello friend,
I finally found time to put together a few thoughts on recent events. It is
hard to select which
of the many interesting happenings of the summer
1999 deserve most attention. Candidates include the always-remarkable
demonstrations of Earth's geologic and meteorologic power, the rather
humorous debate over the latest political personality's intersection with
America's embarrassingly dishonest war on Drugs, the pain of
government-citizen conflict as displayed in disheartening detail in recent
revelations of the Waco confrontation, and the first-of-its-kind report
recently issued regarding unidentified aerial phenomena written by former
senior French military and aerospace officials.
But there are four other items deserving special attention: progress in the
effort to prepare for Y2K, the mountainous ecological crisis now coming
into
clearer focus, courageous acts of statesmanship in the Middle East; and
startling observations now surfacing in science.
An Early Bug in the Beta Test of Ideotechnomics
"Virtually all of us who are close to this problem are confident that the
American economy is going to come through this just fine," Federal Reserve
Governor Edward Kelley said in an appearance on C-Span in recent days. This
was one of a string of increasingly upbeat comments by U.S. officials on
the
readiness of the domestic economy to absorb the Year 2000 date rollover
without a fundamental crisis.
I recall first seeing warnings of the Y2K issue in 1995, and like many,
disregarded its significance at the time. Feeling somewhat guilty as one of
the hundreds of thousands of people who wrote a few lines of "Y2K" code
(perfectly ironic as acronym for a bug of abbreviation) a decade ago, I
became a student of this subject.
During its earlier years more than now, the software industry has tended
not
to employ the kind of rigorous quality control methodologies demanded of.
basic modern infrastructure. Upon realizing the true extent of the
challenge
in 1997, and seeing a lack of appreciation of the depth of the challenge
among executives in Silicon Valley, I lent a hand to a few responsible
groups engaged in much-needed efforts to communicate remediation and
preparedness strategies.
We have seen thinking
among the community of experts shift from profound
ignorance of the depth of the required remediation, towards well-founded
pessimism motivating action, now towards the tentative prediction that the
most expensive technological error in human history has been caught just in
time. The global situation is not as clear, and it is hoped that a report

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3267, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
• Page 2 of 7
being published by the U.s. State Department, grading more than 190
nations'
readiness, will shed additional light on this question. But even granting
the possibility that some nations may experience significant interruptions
in technology-dependent functions, it appears increasingly clear that the
urgency of global Y2K remediation efforts may have avoided any kind of
widespread systemic failure. Hopefully, the remaining months will be
adequate for the industrial world to complete the most important phases of
its
corrective plan.
As we pass into to 2000, there are many lessons from the Y2K saga worthy of
study.
First, everyone in Silicon Valley has been given a much-needed wake-up
cald.
We have been reminded that no one can "guarantee fitness for a particular
purpose" except the makers. As the pace of technology innovation continues
through communications and computing and leaps ahead in biogenetics and
perhaps even propulsion, the completeness of our scenario planning 'and the
rigor of our development methodologies need to be continually improved.
piece of our electronic infrastructure is as dependent upon excellence as a
skyscraper, suspension bridge, airplane, or moon shot. And from now on,
society is in the capsule.
Second, part of the fright of the Y2K problem has been felt because of the
certainty of its timing. Rarely in human experience does the flow of events
allow
a specific date to be known for a threatened social crisis. We should
realize that there are far more serious threats to our livelihood than Y2K
ever was, but we
simply cannot predict The Date beyond which remediation or
evolution is no longer possible. Recognizing that Y2K's catastrophic
probabilities would not have become improbabilities had various dire
warnings not been made, we must make room in normal, optimistic, and happy
lives for the sober recognition of the reality of other total risks to
human
civilization, and lead and act accordingly. Our inability to predict a date
for ultimate crisis should make us more wary, not less so:
Third, we have glimpsed yet again the true power of technology in the hands
of natural life. Y2K is an example of how technology magnifies the ability
of human ignorance to threaten human life.
Given a pronounced cusp of discovery and innovation unmatched in human
history, our judgment must race to maintain pace with our knowledge. In
this respect, we might recognize that the next technologically induced
human
crisis is likely to be one in which we are afraid not as much of instant
stoppage of machines, but rather of an inability to slow or stop them.
Our technology systems are simply individual robots, now being wired
together with a common nervous system and many developing centers of
function. Each function is increasingly specialized to meet the needs of
its
constituents and its master. The ideological master of most modern
technology systems is the consumer. You might say that much of the modern
Western person's life is now driven by 'ideotechnomics' -- automation
servant to the customs of an ideologically-framed economy.
The present state of evolution in the ethics of consumer ideotechnomics and
its impact on the biosphere of Earth are the study of many concerned and

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 2968, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 3 of 7
intelligent people. As we face deep questions early in the 21st Century
regarding the ecological catastrophes that we must somehow avoid, we should
ask ourselves the question: to the degree that ideotechnomics forms the
substrate of our lives, what are ways that it can reduce happiness and
'freedom of action for us and our descendants, instead of expanding these
truest qualities of life? 'As we witness the growing reach of wires and
waves
coursing with
energy around us, we must never lose our sense of the total
and unforgettable experience of being lovingly rooted in Nature.
Remember Y2K as you read When Things Start to Think, by Neil A.
Gershenfeld.
The Sixth Extinction?
Some news items are more important than others, but are often drowned
because 'equal air time' seems increasingly to favor profitability rather
than relevance as the unit of measure. One such story appeared on MSNBC.com
on August 4th.
"We are predicting the extinction of about two-thirds of all bird, mammal,
butterfly and plant species by the end of the next century, based on
current
trends, " said Peter Raven, President of the International Botanical
Congress
at its annual meeting this summer. "The projected rate of extinction for
next 100 years is equal to 65 million years ago."
50,000 of the 300,000 species of plant on Earth are at risk of extinction
now. 200,000 species could vanish by the end of the 21st century. In the
oceans, 50 "dead zones" have been identified in coastal areas, the largest
in the Gulf of Mexico caused by excess nitrogen and phosphorus flowing from
the Mississippi. "We're witnessing many signals of the problems that will
result from these changes, " reports Jane Lubchenco of Oregon State
University, "including toxic algal blooms, coral bleaching and sudden
disappearance of fish from key fisheries."
There are many reactions individuals can have to news reports such as this.
Most people click on to the next site or station, thinking something like
"the government or environmentalists will find a solution". Many people
click into it one level further, learn more, and shift their thinking
modestly. Some people are motivated to act, and contribute or volunteer for
a role in the movement. And vanishingly few who do are in positions of
influence to accelerate the thinking of many others. It is important this
last group of people grows, and I will be greatly surprised if the health
of
the biosphere is not a principal focus of the next Presidential election.
My
personal bet is that the self-created environmental problems menacing
humanity will force their way to the front of everyone's attention soon.
New
debates will be framed in increasingly clear terms demonstrating the stakes
of decisions we may or may not have the will to make in the next 10 years.
How long it takes for these debates to influence everyday actions of
several
hundred million relatively wealthy human beings will determine whether we

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3053, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 4 of 7
will have enough time to remediate our ideotechnomic system sufficiently to
avert biospheric catastrophe. Imagine the risk of delay: living in a
which discovered that its extinction was inevitable and years away, not
from
asteroid impact, but from disfunction and decay caused by an old bug in its
ideology. On present course and
speed, the average 10-year-old child will
likely live to experience such a realization.
Here is an opportunity for the science community to step up to the plate,
not only with studies, but with a loud voice, and with new ideas and
open-mindedness to new ways of thinking about the broader human condition.
The solutions we deploy must match the reach of the problems, and thus some
kind of shift in the basic behaviors of individuals is a necessary
foundation for any robust strategy. Individual choices of this nature, in
my
view, tend to hinge upon individual ontology.
Across the Line in the Sand
Half a world away from us, the faces of deeply seeded anger fighting wars
old are slowly coming to focus in the lens of media. One of several
simmering global ideological conflicts among interpretations of religion,
the confrontation between Israeli
and Palestinian has reached a pronounced
cusp of grace and fragile possibility. As dusty and worn-out warriors
recognize their brothers and sisters across the line of chalk, they have
begun to shake hands and sign parchment. It has taken extraordinary efforts
among countless statesmen to cross the point passed in the last two weeks
concerning a section of land in the Middle East.
As reported by CNN, six years to the day after then-Israeli Prime Minister
Yitzhak Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat
shook hands at the White
House,
Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy and top Palestinian negotiator
Mahmoud Abbas met at a converted army base between Israel and Gaza for a
ceremonial relaunch of the twice-delayed peace talks.
"This agreement will bring to an end, God willing, the 100-year conflict
that has caused so much suffering between Israel and the Palestinians, "
said
Levy. "No one among us has illusions. we face a difficult task. The
permanent status agreement is the final block in building peace, but it is
the most complex of them all."
Abbas, Arafat's deputy, urged a speedy resolution, saying, "we cannot
afford
to lose more time, for lots of precious time was wasted."
"The past was marked with denial. Let the future be based on mutual
recognition of self-determination," he said. "It is time to feel. It is
time
to reconstruct. It is the time for peace and peacemakers."
Imagine the opportunity now in view, however difficult the steps to
reach
it.
This summer has seen old combatants envision a new threshold in the
quest for peace, in a land considered for millennia by much of the world to
be a center of spiritual tradition. In confronting questions as inherently
•challenging as the future of Jerusalem and Palestinian statehood, one hopes
that the negotiators can approach their charge with minds open to new

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 2971, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 5 of 7
ideas.
If this accord can be seen as the doorway it is, if a new level of trust in
common humanity can be held as the highest ethic, hands may find the handle
in unison, and swing the door open. Beyond the doorstep of mutual trust is
the only path to a better life for those touched by this cancerous
conflict.
This much is certain: there are new ideas for solutions outside of the box
of present thinking. One day soon, just perhaps, our fighters may see the
value in longer-term thinking. They might grasp each other's arms as
friends, and even 'embrace, remembering the common God they share. However
far off
such
a day may be, they will decide to drop their toys of hatred,
to
rust in the rains of many springs to come. They will grow food and drink
wine together, and begin a new era for their children.
New Observations of Cosmology at the Millennium
There are, in fact, many reasons for people to consider looking at life
with
an interesting new kind of optimistic wonder. In 1999, a remarkable debate
has begun to sweep into the view of the public. It is the discussion among
scientists over the
accuracy of the Big Bang hypothesis of creation. As
brilliantly argued in Seeing Red (Halton Arp, 1998) and elsewhere, a
century-old debate, 70 years of astronomical observations, and 30 years of
growing anomalies
are coming to a head. Those of us who are fascinated by
the advancement of
scientific knowledge are now settling down in our
armchairs to watch a debate that will ultimately entwine observational
astronomers, physicists, mathematicians, philosophers, and faithful from
every major religion. The Genesis of Western institutional science might be
mistaken.
"I believe the observational evidence has become overwhelming, and the Big
Bang has in reality been toppled. There is now a need to communicate the
new
observations, the connections between objects and the new insights into the
workings of the universe - all the primary obligations of academic
science,"
says Arp, a highly respected
scientist whose observations are the growing
subject of intense debate.
Other scientists strongly disagree with Arp's views, but there are growing
indications that he is right, and that one of the primary bases upon which
the Big Bang hypothesis is hinged - extra-galactic redshift primarily as
the
measure of recessional velocity - is incorrect. Compelling observations
have
been repeated many times now demonstrating that mysterious objects known as
"quasars" are not in fact the most distant objects in the Universe, some of
which are alleged to be speeding away 'from us at several times the speed of
light. Instead, quasars appear to be ejecta from the nuclei of galaxies
much
closer to us. High-redshift quasars have been observed to be physically
connected to low-redshift galaxies.
Arps observations go further. Like those of quasars, high redshifts
observed
in the spectra of young galaxies appear to have a cause other than

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 527, "chars": 3375, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 6.of 7
recessional motion. His work strongly
suggests that quasars are, in fact,
young galaxies, given birth from parent galaxies. One can speculate that
anomalous redshift effect might be caused as originating light interactswith vast cl
surrounding the evolving body. If exaggerated redshift in
the spectra of
young galaxies is not primarily caused by recessional motion, then it is
quite plausible that, in general, galaxies are not flying away from us, and
"Big Bang" is unintentional science fiction:
Thèse are stunning observations! They should startle
every physicist,
giving
us new
reason to reconsider old assumptions.
Debate over a subject of this order tends to become exceptionally heated,
for the outcome tends to alter our understanding of ourselves. Cosmological
discussion tends to inflame the passions of every individual, and-rightly
so, for we find our purpose in knowledge of our origin. Surely the ontology
of people should not be toyed with lightly:
However, these and other observations are now making visible significant
philosophical and observational flaws in one of the chief theories defining
the limits of human imagination. I presently favor the view that the
Cosmology we're most likely to see emerge
when the dust from this debate
settles is impossible to anticipate with anything less than philosophical
wonder: the creation of matter is episodic in an infinite and eternal
Cosmos. If true, this realization will ultimately humble every person, and
yet thrill us at the
same time. In the process of absorbing the
implications
of this possibility, we might just gain important insights into the
fundamental nature of atoms and energy as well, with all sorts of
interesting new plausibilities coming into focus. The question of the
ongoing cause of Cosmic microwave background radiation now becomes a
fascinating issue to study more deeply, for example. So is the question of
the nature of inertia and gravitation.
As our collective consciousness begins to grapple with the concept and
meaning of infinity, and as deficiencies in past physical assumptions
present themselves, we must not rush to personalize or stigmatize the
participants of any faction of the discussions (and I have been guilty of
this at times myself). All of us - whether our ideas are proven right or
wrong - are essential participants in a process of knowledge perfection.
FOr
all the revolutions in interpretation and model which we might face, we
know
that the quest of physics represents a vital search for truths that
contribute to meaning and destiny. Our knowledge of Nature is increasingly
refined as we experience more of the awe-inspiring beauty and perfection of
her bodies. And we have made true progress in this century, for our
knowledge earned within foundation disciplines of science has given rise to
the modern world and has dramatically enhanced our ability to learn. The
physicist can say with pride that, despite errors and large deficits and
even basic gaps, this science has brought human beings closer than ever
before to understanding the workings of that omnipresent and mysterious
of being labeled "energy". Given recent insights, perhaps institutional
science can also begin to consider other names and definitions given to
"energy" by some within its own-ranks, by mystics and by spiritual leaders
across the millennia.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 846, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 7 of 7
In the midst of these happenings, a few fascinating people have this summer
started to organize a new science enterprise whose mission leaps for the
stars. It is a pleasure to begin working with the associates of ISSO. We do
not agree on everything, but each of us holds a different version of the
same vision: that the greatest ocean of all -- Cosmos -- will be traveled
by
humans more
freely
in the 21st century. We hope that the genuine intent of
this effort can be recognized
and supported.
More importantly, we encourage all to pursue the quest.
very best,
Joe Firmage
Pléase do not reply to this message - it will not be responded to. Any
correspondence can be sent to: inquiry@isso.org
If you would prefer to be removed from this mailing list,
follow the link.
below: http://www.TheWordIsTruth.org/remove.cfm

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2153, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 1 of 11
RECORD TYPE: PRESIDENTIAL (NOTES MAIL)
CREATOR: Bobby Freeman <bobby@la.usweb.com» | Bobby Freeman <bobby@la.usweb.com»
CREATION
| DATE/TIME: 21-DEC-1999 14:18:16.00
SUBJECT: last ping or so
TO: Cynthia M. Jasso-Rotunno | CN=Cynthia M. Jasso-Rotunno/OU=WHO/O=EOP I WHO ] )
READ: UNKNOWN
TEXT:
hey,
thought you might get a kick out of this. this is from our founder of the
company & former ceo, joe firmage. he went off to do another venture and
i'm
on his mailing list for his website. anyway, i just scanned it. but it may
give you a feel of how a bleeding-edge new media person like him is feeling
e him is teenag
on the political fronts
¡for whatever it might be of interest/curiosity)..
hey, what do you say we take the fam picture all wearing denim or charcoal
tops?
ping me back or i'll just talk to you at the casa.
much love,
-bobby
----Original Message-----
From: Joe Firmage [mailto: jfirmage_
Sent: Tuesday, December 21, 1999 4:38 AM
To: All Registered Users
cenge 31, 1597 4 3l ethewordi struth. orgl
Subject: AUTUMN 1999
I U
Hello friend,
It's been a couple of
months since I last e-mailed you. In the meantime, .
season of restlessness in Washington has come upon us once again, and I
thought I'd share a few ideas relevant to the times.
Incumbent and hopeful alike, politicians, committees, and lobbies are
polishing shoes and speeches through the winter, as we approach the first
election for a
new millennium. The rare context in time and a review of the
candidates for President suggest that Election 2000 will be unusually
engaging. Not necessarily because of debates framed within present party
platforms, as Democrat and Republican agendas have edged ever closer to
their common center of gravity in recent years. Rather, the four candidates
leading the polls are all bright and able men, and each has lived much of
his life in the scrutiny of the public's electronic eye. One can anticipate
that they will need such experience, since they'll be the first
Presidential
candidates to face the communications power of convergent media, evolving
into potent new forms with an Internet connecting them.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2994, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 2 of 11
Al Gore enjoys on his side a raging bull economy, and his ideological
vector
is tuned well to late 1990's just-left-of-center political momentum.
President Gore would likely give us a slightly more clunky but less canned
policy-driven vision, focused on the trajectory of issues of the preceding
administration, and
perpetuating Bill Clinton's art of successful
incremental change. Gore's challenge, as noted by so many, is to reveal an
unmanufactured and unrehearsed emotional importance to America, because he
will likely not match the packaging that can be purchased by George W.
Bush.
Deserving them or not, the former President's son has masterfully leveraged
the vibes of reverence accorded dynastic families in government. Working in
its favor, the Bush Campaign was wise enough to sense the need to take its
party to task for the shallowness of ethic demonstrated by national
priorities like those championed by Steve Forbes.' It would seem though that
Bush will need great showmanship or the drama of a new crisis to make up
for
an agenda painfully free of the breakthrough thinking needed for the next
millennium. He could always surprise us with something beyond "A Uniquely
American Foreign Policy." In any case, he will likely face much stiffer
tests of vision and intellect at later whistle stops.
Most competent in direct argument with him is John McCain, a worthy
Republican and heroic veteran whose passionate commitment to campaign
finance reform has earned him respect from many of the wisest
conservatives.
If Americans would take the time to study truthfully the functioning of our
systems of governance, they would understand why McCain's hawkish military
posture and undeveloped domestic vision might be tolerable prices to pay
for
a while, if he could actually drive through real advancements in our
king-making process. Enlightened Republicans who vote their belief in the
spirit rather than letter of our electoral process will likely be voting
for
John McCain in the primaries.
McCain's handicap - an anchor caught in aging party dogma - is the weight
that Bill Bradley calculates Americans may be ready to begin releasing.
Bradley's speeches have demonstrated an apolitical quality. He identifies
the unnecessary failings of our society, laying the emphasis of
responsibility on our collective ideology rather than party affiliation. In
the midst of 'heady times on Wall Street and Main Street, he seems to sense
the interplay of profound acceleration, globalization of trade and
communications; the average ethics of modern living, and uncertainties in
future change - important clues to wild cards that the thought leader of a
free world might have to deal with in real time. Bradley appears to have
the
vision of a genuine statesman. His Challenge will be to create a platform
around truly important ideas for the 21st century expressed in simple
terms,
moving with determination beyond the noise of arguments over rounding
errors.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2583, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 3 of 11
ISSUES THAT DISTINGUISH
I was reading the other day about Warren Beatty's address concerning a
presidential bid. He has been lamenting the lack of debate on issues of
great moment to many of us - international conflict, environmental
destruction, poverty, homelessness, military posture - none of which appear
to be moving concerns to the majority of exuberant modern capitalists in
this country. I personally think Beatty's speech was precognitive of types
of issues the 2000 election will evolve to debate, since basic questions
facing humanity in the first ten years of the new millennium will, in fact,
yield answers of enormous relevance to the exuberant modern capitalist.
Military Conflictions
One of the first is the question of whether we will continue to encourage
the militarization of nations, in principle by example and in profit
through
industry.
"What kind of war will
the U.S. fight in the future, " asked Thomas Ricks
for
the Wall Street Journal on November 12, 1999. "Some defense experts argue
that the threat will most likely come in the form of an epic confrontation
with a powerful state-of-the-art military. Say, for instance, Iran in 2025
smites its neighbors with chemical weapons and seizes Saudi Arabia's oil
fields. Others predict there won't be any more big wars - just a plethora
of
enemy 'ankle-biters' menacing U.S. troops with nettlesome firefights, as
Americans feed starving refugees on one block while separating warring
factions on the next."
Shall we invest our wealth in the military machine's global infrastructure,
weapons systems, and youthful vigor, capitalizing it with ideology and
equipment prepared to fight World War III? Of, shall we organize a network
of relatively nimble and mobile peace-keeping functions, capable of
insertion into regional crises? Shall we organize a Space Force?
These are not abstract questions.
They are questions facing us here and
now,
with consequences that will reverberate for generations. They are viewed as
central questions by the Pentagon, for our answers determine how our
military intends to invest the nearly $300 billion dollars received from us
annually, give or take a new lethal weapon or two.
But a growing number among military leaders privately will tell you, and a
few brave politicians openly argue, that these are entirely the wrong
questions. They believe that the right questions are more along the lines
of
these: As science increasingly yields the ability for any determined
terrorist to take out a city electronically, biologically, chemically, or

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2836, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 4 of 11
atomically, how does the role of war-making in society change? Does the
fact
that
we spend more money each year on defense than the rest of the nations
on the U.N. Security Council combined contribute to the currency and
ethical
permission of military solutions to conflicts among people? In comparison,
much are we investing each year in addressing the frictions that give
ise to military confrontation? What are those frictions and how might thei
be relaxed? How many of these frictions are caused by fictions?
Is America letting the painful necessity of past military investment and
surrounding ideological inertia confound genuine progress towards a
peaceful
world community?
Giving journalists good reason to punctuate this question, we glimpsed this
fall an increasingly rare sharp distinction between the ideologies of
Democrat and Republican parties, in the tally of the Nuclear Test Ban Vote.
Despite one of President Clinton's finer hours in heartfelt effort for
passage, shockingly myopic, ethically vacant, and intellectually defective
posturing among Senate Republican leadership resulted' in the failure of
America to ratify a proclamation to the world with the moral: "We, the
inventors of the nuclear bomb and the only nation to have deployed it in
conflict, forever foreswear its offensive use, shall not attempt to
increase
its potency further, and shall open ourselves to inspection of commitment
to
this oath. " Such is the basic spirit of the treaty.
As reported by CNN's John Cloud on October 18, 1999, "Allies were ...
upset.
Britain's government was 'deeply disappointed'; the Japanese Foreign
Minister 'extremely concerned.' To be sure, there was some justification
for
the anxiety. It's difficult to dissuade India and Pakistan from testing
nukes in each other's backyards if the U.S. won't promise to end testing.
'There is a collective sigh of relief in Indian government circles, ' says
Bharat Karnad of the Center for Policy Research in New Delhi. 'Jesse Helms
Iwho,
as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, led the
opposition] has taken India off the hook.'"
The fig leaf postulate of the GOP leadership goes something like this:
Mutually Assured Destruction - a game of apocalyptic chicken among nations
with twitchy fingers on red buttons and nuclear footballs - is the policy
that will convince other countries not to develop and test advanced nuclear
weaponry.
Meanwhile, industriousness paid by Cold War inertia invents and spreads
ever
more perfect machines of destruction, with ever sharpening focus of
lethality, packing ever more concentrated bangs, through increasingly
invisible systems of delivery, presumably in the future to be orchestrated
on "secure" Web sites clicked from distributed centers of command floating
and flying about the Earth.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 2988, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 5 of 11
If you were an alien visitor to this world, it isn't very hard to imagine
why you might want to keep your distance.
Recruiting troubles across the Armed Forces? Ihe honest assessment that's
tough for the American ego to hear is that we've seen only the beginning.
Which 18-year old young man or woman wants to prepare to die on a
battlefield with satellite-guided, nano-engineered 'brilliant pebbles'
zipping through the air, remote controlled from policy joy sticks in
• Washington, when he can be necking with his girlfriend while watching
Titanic, learning HTML in school, and chatting on AOL with friends in Japan
about some incredible new MP3 tunes?
Will humans, collectively ever cherish, nourish, educate, trust and inspire
each other sufficiently to stop the cycles of hatred and let weapons rust?
The conflicts raging in Russia and other parts of Asia would suggest not,
as
our brothers and sisters continue to churn in an underaided epochal
reconstruction of their communities, following a century of ravage by war.
My observations are not intended to affix primary responsibility for this
situation on the individuals within our
military, who are among the most
ruggedly honest and ethical of any people I've had the pleasure to meet; we
have brave and intelligent family members forming and running the heaviest
iron of our collective machine. Rather, I am criticizing the
forward-looking
relevance, and conveying deep concern about the consequences, of the
ideological charters that perpetuate the use of our ingenuity and resources
for militarizing our small spaceship. How long will we let the
consumer-producer cycle in this painful value chain go on before we
and seriously finance ideas that unify instead of divide, accommodating
steps toward an open world community of individual human beings? Are the
lines on Earth's map forever to divide, instead of denote, our cultures?
My own young generation has
seen the memories of our parents' and
grandparents' painful sacrifices. Unlike any generation before us, we are
humbled by and grateful to be able to learn from terrifying memories of our
ancestors' horrors, passed to us in 70mm film and Digital Surround Sound.
Their anguish is engraved in blood painted across our history books. we
must
question whether we have respect for their lessons - whether we have felt
the depth of their sacrifice - sufficient to evolve our momentum beyond
both
the Hot and Cold war Realpolitik that killed them.
We must evolve the limits of the conceptual paradigm of humanity's future,
if we wish to give compass to our present.
I think it's fair to say that most people believe, or least certainly hope,
that one day human beings will have figured out how to live together in
peace. If such a utopian future is ever to be achieved in reality, there
two great tests
among many others that all inhabitants of
Earth must figure
out together. First, influential individuals must step forward who have the

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 2979, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 6 of 11
courage to question not simply the direction of funding for existing world
military machines, but the forward-looking adequacy of the aging social
programming informing their very charters. Second, positive new priorities
for our industrious activities will have to be identified which can go to
work quickly. Without coercion, they must truthfully invite harmony among
the ethical compasses of individuals across strata of world society, in
resonance with the gifts, needs and limits of Nature. These new priorities
must soar above the relevance of old grievances and individual profit,
giving us real comfort that unlocking our doors in faith one day is right.
Secretly, I think we are coming to know that this is the only sustainable
path for the long term. Since our cultural dialogue increasingly evolves in
Internet time, I imagine that within startlingly few years we will be
ourselves what ways we can find to drastically redirect military spending.
Other simpler approaches to sustainable prevention of military conflicts
will be emerging. We'll be telling our parents, spouses and children to
come
home, with gratitude and admiration for their courage and sacrifice,
hopefully ready and able to use their tremendous skills for more rewarding
quests than war.
"Beautiful but hopelessly naive vision, Joe::. the rest of us live in the
real world," many will likely say. we'll see. The candidates in the
elections of the next 20 years are going to be faced with precisely this
'scale of challenge to their stewardship. I hope their visions can stretch
into the hearts of the people of all nations.
God help us if they can't.
Enlisting
Bugs in the war on' Drugs
Focusing the question of military confrontation on another kingdom of life,
we find a creature described by Rep. Bill Mccollum as "a silver bullet in
the drug war". A strain of the fungus called Fusarium oxyporum is beingcultivated in
cannabis sativa, coca, and poppy plants. It has been reported that the Drug
op place. te has best
Czar under Governor Jeb Bush's administration in Florida wants to try it
out.
It is not a great secret to ordinary Americans that those components of the
U.S. War on Drugs focused on interdiction have failed to significantly
curtail availability. While there are frequently small and infrequently
"large busts of traffic and traffickers, the supply of certain plant
substances demanded by the American consumer has fostered an underground
economy of production and distribution that will forever morph to confound
the obstacles confronting it.
The distribution system itself smells of the decay of the tens of thousands
of children it consumes: Both proponents and opponents of the war on Drugs
decry the catastrophic costs to society of the overall situation. But, that
is as far as total agreement goes.
Representing a prevalent view on corrective strategy, General Barry M.
Mccaffrey noted years ago, "the elimination of illicit coca and opium

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3170, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMS Email System
Page 7 of 11
cultivation is the best way to reduce cocaine and heroin availability". So,
the logic now apparently goes, let us find a natural disease and use our
rising knowledge of the behaviors of biological agents to cultivate its
virulence so perfectly that it can destroy every instance of a species of
evil plants. Now marijuana has been added to the target list.
As far as I can see, the hope is that we might be able to deploy some sort
of a biological DEA - like a U.S. Bug Force - making extinct the species it
targets, wherever it goes... and however it evolves.
our world society's basic lack of lack of appreciation of the power of
evolution - a wound on truth that religious traditions must themselves
disinfect - is the concern that terrifies opponents of this flawed policy.
"Fusarium species are capable of evolving rapidly. Mutagenicity is by far
the most disturbing factor in attempting to use a Fusarium species as a
bioherbicide," wrote David Struhs, Secretary of the Florida Department of
Environmental Protection on April 6, 1999 to the Florida Drug Czar, Jim
McDonough. "It is difficult, if not impossible, to control the spread of
Fusarium species... Some species found in Europe have been found to
originate in Florida."
can we think ourselves wise enough in science, and sure enough in
morals, to launch proactive biological warfare on these species? We can
neither predict nor control the evolutionary and geographic path such a
force would ultimately clear of life.
More broadly speaking, other people equally concerned about the health and
well-being of society have starkly different views on the War Against Evil
Plants. Tens of millions of Americans who
have at one time or another
marijuana, me included, believe that more workable policies rest in the
direction
of decriminalization of consumption. Almost all of us are deeply
concerned about the dangers of substance abuse, into which category the
legal ones - alcohol and tobacco - yield by far the most destruction. "So
why should other substances be decriminalized?" one can logically ask.
The answer seems
so simple: people will find ways to buy substances anyway,
and those who have no better living to make, make a living fulfilling
demand
with supply. With profit margins directly indexed to the danger in
confounding law enforcement, this market battle attracts and cultivates
human infrastructure lacking
an alternative vision of "wealth creation"
within reach. When the judicial wind blows over these innumerable
intermediaries, any hope of a normal life is snuffed out as they are
Many of us
believe instead that decriminalization of the consumption of
certain plants is the only path that will end the cycle currently
marginalizing a shocking number of Americans. We believe it is foolish to
demonize plants as evil, but rather believe that scientific truth (which
most teens experience first hand) should be recognized and taught: these
substances have powerful effects which can be enjoyable and dangerous,
sometimes vital as medicine, and possibly even important for the evolution
of consciousness. Like many other substances, and certainly countless

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2178, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 8 of 11
technologies, their use is hard to control, and if consumed improperly or
excessively, they can be highly destructive to the body and the mind.
Those of us in the moderation-in-all-things party would say that this
perspective of truthful openness applies to all of the natural (a.k.a.
"naughty") risk-laden activities of human beings that make us feel good:
sex, alcohol, food, rock climbing, loud music, etc. Policies centered on
the
drum beat of unscientific dogma are now quickly recognized by their
intended
young audiences
as... well...
something from a doggy. Hence they don't tend
to work.
If we want to address the real problem and not simply pat ourselves on the
back for jailing another child, watching while another young "drug dealer"
fills the vacuum, we must eliminate profit from illicit drug distribution,
and target dependence and addiction as the primary crises. These problems
are reflections of the inadequacy of education and other deeper social
to other illegalities for relief.
To be very clear, decriminalization cannot occur without
a deep commitment
to enduring education. The discovered knowledge of effects of these types
substances must be taught at a young age, and updated throughout life: We
live in a highly mechanized society, not
organically in a garden free of
single points of failure, and each individual is a vital function of a
community system. The lives of us all depend upon the functions of each of
Whenever decriminalization of consumption does become politically correct,
the transition is likely to be bumpy and challenging, but there would seem
no easier way out of ignorance than education.
ISSUES THAT CAN UNITE
As controversial as
such subjects may be, more challenging subjects are
ahead for the statesmen and stateswomen of the 21st century, and they are
not likely to divide us along familiar political, social or
even national
What is the strategic future of the United Nations with respect to
national and other multinational governing bodies?
Will the west step up and lend to Russia significant
multi-disciplinary assistance genuinely devoid of financial leverage
balanced in our favor?

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 2000, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARMS Email System
Page 9 of 11
What are the local and global consequences of the AIDS catastrophe
looming in Africa?
What are the social implications of the advancement of genetic
engineering?
ú
How will high-bandwidth, point-to-point, global communications
transform the behavior and intellect of the typical human being? The
typical
government? The market economy?
How will a globalizing, growth-dependent, consumption-measured,
profit-worshipping economy grapple with increasingly obvious environmental
limits to resource sustainability,.
threatening the very tree of life on
Earth?
What environmental solutions might emerge and how will economic
interests shift if easily scalable means are discovered to generate
electricity with little or no expenditure of fossil fuel?
How will geopolitics evolve if breakthroughs in our understanding
physics yield the ability to influence the force of gravity - turning
garages into landing pads?
Recognizing that world wars framed the productive priorities of
humanity through the 20th century, what kind of vision will frame our
future
productive priorities?
What uniiying and rational spiritual meaning can fill the
increasingly paintul vacuum left in the hearts of people - a void incapable
of satisfaction by the matter of profit, divisive religious dogma, and
sterilized science?
Hidden in such seemingly-intractable, potentially divisive challenges rest
rare and potent opportunities for collaboration, openness, and unity in
spirit crossing every kind of background, boundary and border.
Such are the
subjects our world's leaders must be prepared to tackle in the first years
of the new millennium.
Each of us equipped with a connection to the Internet now has a global
voice, enabling us to share our reasoning with each other broadly. Every
quarter or so, I'll share with you my thinking on these types of questions,
inviting you to join me in a humblingly challenging quest for useful
mastery minging nest for sir.
answers.
21st CENTURY SCIENCE

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2743, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* ARMS Email System
Page 10 of 11
It's been
a year since founding the International Space Sciences
Organization, an enterprise pursuing breakthrough understandings in
science.
We are studying the ideas encountered at the leading edge of physics
consciousness research. In 1999, ISSO Science has begun to organize its
experimental agenda, and has since been following many promising paths of
hypothesis and test. We believe that a few years of concentrated and
structured studies can yield several remarkable insights in physics, with
significant implications for 21st century society.
we also recognize a responsibility to create educational and entertaining
programming to convey the wonders and dangers of scientific knowledge to
minds everywhere, enriching with the sense of spiritual meaning which
science can, yet does not often, uniquely convey. The ISSO Studio team is
just beginning to form, but our first productions have been underway for
52220
some time. Stay tuned through 2000.
Having invested much of my greatly exaggerated net worth to bring ISSO to
his point,
talked about a whole range of different still-early concepts, but at the
center rested this point: physics does not have answers to its most
important questions, yet. There are profound implications following from
this fact. Our understanding of Nature progresses in successive
approximations of resolution, revealing her most potent secrets only when
we
are ready. This is why Neanderthals didn't obtain access to nuclear forces
to settle arguments over land, food, and mates.
What can be seen in the leading edges of physics and consciousness
research,
not to mention in the evening news, suggests to me that education in
spiritually integrating science is about as high a global priority as can
be
imagined.
One final note on the subject of positively influencing human affairs. The
Carl Sagan Foundation (CSF), a not-for-profit organization, has been formed
in memory of one of the greatest visionaries who ever lived. Founded by
Carl's wile and partner, Ann Druyan, CSF is presently raising capital for a
pioneering effort to transform the healing environment within a new
children's hospital in the Bronx. Images of Cosmos and new learning tools
from science have been designed into its walls, floors, ceilings, and
systems, turning the sterile and frightening landscape of the hospital into
a place of discovery and inspiration.
I have been privileged to make the first $1 million contribution to CSF. I
hope that others approached by Ann's team can find room in their hearts for
a gift to the children to be touched by this effort, establishing a model
for children's hospitals around the world, and expressing thanks for Carl
Sagan's inspiration.
Stay well,

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 454, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• •
• ARMS Email System
Page 11 of 11
Joe Firmage
Please do not reply to this message - it will not be responded to.
Address serious correspondence only to ISSO at:
General
- Abigail Lewis (abby@isso.org)
Science - Ardrew Mount (andrew@isso.org)
Administrative - Lynore Tillim (Itillim@isso.org)
Press - Tony Young (tony@isso.org)
If you would prefer to be removed from this mailing list, follow the link
below: http://www.ThewordIsTruth.org/remove.html
