{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-08 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472384","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88037","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/384/mufon-5472384.json","updb_database_id":5472384}
{cak} My most vivid abduction, with picture

January 2015 - Abduction
I found myself reliving it over and over, at first I was consumed with it and couldn1t get it off my mind, after a day or so I started to be able to let go of it enough that I could function Lol... I was so consumed that all I could do at work for two days was recall what I remember and put it on paper. Speaking of my head, I had a real dull headache all day the day this happened. I woke up at 2am, ( happens often, always 2am). I remember looking at the clock. I felt a presence in my room but was not alarmed at all....more like a feeling of secure. Next thing I knew was walking out back on the porch because I was asked to. There was a figure standing next to me and whoever she was, she felt like I knew her, she did not speak a word, but I understood thoughts coming from her and she made me feel calm. When I looked her way I could feel her smiling at me. She turned my way and then looked up like she was saying, 1Look up1. She did this a few times so I looked up .....there were colors and objects in the sky, it felt good to look at them, then a disc what I thought (after going out back the next morning), was about 30 feet in diameter came towards me, no noise....nothing, and I said to her " Here comes one now" it lowered itself silently into the yard and came to a stop what I thought was approx. 10 feet from the ground, and I felt an........Energy, attach to my right side, when the energy connected it made my body vibrate, it felt like it was drawing to me like a magnet, there was this force and I remember feeling the draw1 and when it attached, it had a hold on me that basically rendered me powerless, it had full control, and the vibrating I talked about was much more than slight, almost felt like electricity but it wasn1t, and it was short lived, zero pain, feeling very calm and secure and floating kind of at a 45 deg angle toward the ship....and this is when time/memory stopped.....no pain, no terror, actually no emotion that I can remember other than calm. The next thing I remember is floating over my bed for a few seconds then being placed back in it by 4 beings, but could not see who they were or recognize anything about them. I actually could not look at them only see them peripherally in the dark. I was not alarmed...still felt safe, a good feeling. When I touched my bed I remember I was kind of sideways in it, One leg hanging off one side one arm and part of my head hanging off the other, and that bothered me, as soon as I thought this (as though they were reading my thoughts) they immediately re-floated me and straightened me out with the bed so my head was on the pillow, and I felt the covers being placed on me...... I couldn1t move....that1s it. Next thing I realized was the alarm waking me up at 6:30 AM.......All the figures, her, and the short people in my room, they all had the ability to be seen and not seen at the same time... , I1m positive the person out back was a female, don1t ask my how it1s just my feeling. I could not distinguish a face, a form, no hands, no smell1nothing, just a dark grey silhouette about as tall as me. NOW the interesting part...My right hip has itched in the same spot for ever, YEARS, still does periodically. Well it was itching real bad when I woke up, same place as it itched for years and after other.... visits. I went into the bathroom wondering why I was in a bit of a haze and itching my hip. It itched so bad It made me look at this area in the mirror and I found this on my hip. I had to take a picture of it, I1ve never seen anything like this. I did not hit anything with my hip. Didn1t fall....nothing. You can see a distinct 1V1 and brusing in the site. It was there for three days and overnight disappeared. this is my most vivid visit, and like the others, have all been good and very comforting, almost like feeling a connection.
