{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-29 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464384","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/384/mufon-5464384.json","updb_database_id":5464384}
This happened in my lounge in my house

It was just a normal day and we went to bed as usual. My partner, Susan and I. I remember being awake till 4.15am and must have fallen asleep.

Suddenly I am wide awake and stood at the end of my bed in the pitch black with the urge to go downstairs and I can see myself asleep in bed.

I didn't have any sense of fear whatsoever but hindsight tells me I should have been extremely afraid, especially seeing my body there in bed. Had I died or something.

What I felt was extreme peace with no fear at all.

As I had the urge to go downstairs I turned towards the bedroom door and as I moved forward only slightly the door in front just became translucent. One second the door is solid the next I could see to the other side of the door to the top of our bedroom stairs. I could also see many beautiful lights bouncing off the walls.

I had no sense of walking so I guess I must have been floating and that's exactly what I did, float through the bedroom door.

From our main lounge, there is a glass panelled door into the hallway which is open up to the roof, and where our bedroom door is there is a gallery which looks over a balcony and into the hallway. 

I moved from the bedroom to the top of the steps and stopped to see where these lights were coming from.

I kept on moving down the stairs and as I approached the bottom of the stairs and into the hallway, I turn left to head towards the lounge but before I do I move slightly to the right to try and get a better look of 
where these lights are coming from in the lounge.

As I do a craft (wasn't ufo because I could identify it) moved centrally
within the lounge as though the craft was reading my mind.

What I saw was beyond beautiful and as clear now as it was then.

The lounge was lit up with these beautiful colours which are nothing
like colours in this physical world of ours.

The craft was between 2-3 feet long and was just hovering in my lounge
about 5 feet off the lounge floor.

This was made up of 2 disks and one was a little larger than the other.

The larger of the two disks was slightly lower than the smaller of the two disks but both disks had lights that were around the outsides. This was where the lights that were bouncing off the walls were coming from.

As before I felt no fear whatsoever and moved towards the craft but as
before the door became tranlucent and I headed straight over towards the
craft.

As I approached the craft I held out my hands and took hold of the craft and tilted it towards me.

As soon as I did that the craft instally dematerialized into 2 beings. One of the beings went to my right side of the neck and the other went to
my left side. Both showing uncontrollable love. This lasted 3 seconds then it was like someone had flicked a switch and I was waking up thinking what the hell had just happened, but more importantly who can I
talk to about this.

Since that day I have researched what happened and I found out that I had 
an OBE which was instigated by ET.

It was no dream, lucid or whatever, this was as real as it gets.

I know now that we don't originate from this 3D physical world and it is the start of our spiritual journey and when we die all that happens is a shift of our conciousness.

We have an astral body which you might also call the spirit and we can learn how to detach the astral/spirit body from the physical. I know this because I have studdied it and also witnesses my own OBE.

Since that night or early morning my belief system has been changed completely.

That night I saw my 3rd UFO and my first ET's and I guess I was also abducted.

Did I have missing time? I don't know but they took my Astral body and not my physical so does it really matter, but what happened that night was the most beautiful experience that I have ever had in my life.
