{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-20 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471384","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/384/mufon-5471384.json","updb_database_id":5471384}
{jpg} They appeared from the NW and climbing heading S. There were many. Beautiful!

I had stopped at a friends to leave him some dinner. As I walked out the door I looked up at the sky and there were star like objects appearing and climbing. They were not airplanes or drones as there were too many and there wasn't any noise.They flew above the houses in the neighborhood and as they headed South suddenly they disappeared. There were about 2 or 3 groups of 6 or more. I went to my friends door and knocked and said come out here quick! Look at the sky and look at those objects! I was so excited! He said they were airplanes or drones but they weren't as no one person can fly that many drones at once and drones have noise. They were not planes, helicopters, or fireworks either. Fireworks make noise when they are shot up in the air. They just appeared and flew to the South and suddenly they disappeared! My friend witnessed the last group and said "look there are more!" There were more and they flew the same direction as the others and disappeared as they were ascending to the South. I tried taking a picture of them from my camera but my camera couldn't capture the star like images. I was thrilled and excited to witness the experience. When I arrived home which is 2 miles from my friends home I called 911 to ask if anyone else had witnessed what I just saw. I explained to the dispatcher my experience and told her it wasn't an emergency I just wanted to report it and ask if anyone else saw and reported what I had just seen. When I finished speaking with her I went inside to turn on my tv but it was doing funny things and wouldn't view the picture. I tried several times to turn the tv on and off. After about 5 minutes I got the tv to work. About 90 minutes later I noticed a helicopter flying above and around my complex with a search light on. I don't know if there was any relation to my calling 911. I live in Fresno,CA a high crime area so they may have been looking for something/someone.
