{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505384","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/384/mufon-5505384.json","updb_database_id":5505384}
{cak} it tapped on window, flew outto front yard, shot up over house to back yard, flew around and shot straight upand disappeared.

I was around 13 or 14 yrs old sleeping over at my friends house across the street. It was late at night and I was trying to sleep in the east basement bedroom next to my friends room. He was already asleep. I always had a hard time sleeping away from home. I was laying on the couch under the window and heard a tapping on the glass. I looked through the blinds to see a disk around 4 to 5 inches in diameter that had a bright neon green glow to it. It tapped on the window 3 or 4 times and flew out into the front yard and flew around for a minute. It was a little erratic and very fast zigging and zagging around the yard. From somewhere nearthe center of the yard it shot straight up and flew over the house. I ran into my friends bedroom where he was still asleep and looked out through his blinds where I watched the object erratically fly around the back yard. This lasted around a minute and it shot straight up into the sky until it was out of view. I remember thinking someone was messing with me at first and I felt a little scared but fascinated. The feeling that someone was messing with me only lasted a second because once I saw how agile and fast this was I knew nothing man made could accomplish what I was seeing! This thing could move 10 feet or more effortlessly in the blink of an eye and stop in mid air on a dime! It was faster than anything Ive ever seen! I couldnt hear any sound as I was inside the house and the object was outside but Im not sure it made any sound at all. I realize no proof can come from this and I have no proof that this even happened. I also realize how this sounds being as it is coming from a childhood memory from someone that was trying to sleep at the time. I know this happened and I remember it almost like it was yesterday. I just mainly would like to know if anyone has ever had a similar experience? Has anything like this ever been reported? I don't want to waste anyones time with this and I don't expecta response but if anyone has heard of something like this happening and could respond I would love to hear back. Thank you!
