{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5491813.json","updb_database_id":5491813}
{dr}Syracuse, NY... July 4th 2015 during fireworks. Over a two hour period, counted about 20-30 orbs.

My family and I went out tonight to see the fireworks here in Syracuse, NY... I think it was around around 9:15-9:30 PM EST

We weren't there 3 minutes when my wife pointed something out to me and then I saw them over and over and over again.

Orange orb like lights... reddish orange.

As everyone else was fixated on the massive fireworks display that seemed to engulf the entire city, I was looking out for these mysterious orange lights. I kept seeing them and pointing them out to my daughter.

They were moving southeast but they seemed to be moving up as well, as they would disappear from sight. 

But they kept coming...

It was getting a little creepy.

One of the orange orbs we were watching sped across the sky at a much faster rate than the others!

As the fireworks died down, we were trying to determine if we would go home or try to seek out more of these strange lights. Well we didn't have to think too long about that as we kept seeing them all around and so we drove throughout the city trying to get close to them.  

We saw two that looked like they would pass right over us and so we pulled over and that's where I got this one picture with my daughters phone as my battery was about to run out.

We kept driving around the city and kept seeing them... one off in the distance here... one there... two over here...

... and then we all saw a beautiful cluster of four!

I jumped out of the car to try and get a picture of the grouping but the phone wouldn't focus on them and I didn't get that picture. :(

I have no idea what these were or if I'll see them again.

For a moment, as I was trying to come to some rational explanation, I thought of space debris burning up in the atmosphere as it crossed. These never 'fizzled' out though and they seemed to have a distinct pulsation to them.

In all... on this 4th of July, I believe we counted at least 30 of these things.

It was weird but very cool!
