{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-18 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2998,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5482813.json","updb_database_id":5482813}
{rjl} Yellow fireball traveling in a straight line red laser grid around it

I walked outside to put my dog on the line. The line is attached to the soffit below the roof, so you have to look up in the air, to hook her up.

There was a town celebration 2 blocks away. I could hear the band singing, but not clear enough to make out the words. It was a beautiful clear night. 

There was a perfect view of the moon. There were only 2 stars in the sky. The north star and one that was much lower in the skyline. 

I immediately saw a bright yellow fireball object traveling in a straight line, in my direction. It was high above the trees, but much lower than airplanes travel from Cincinnati to Louisville, and in the wrong direction.

I starred and thought to myself, what is that? Planes fly above my house North to Southwest, and vise versa. It came from the east and moved straight over my house and continued heading west. There were no red or blue lights, nothing flashing, like planes have. It did not make any sound and was traveling much faster across the sky, than a plane does. 

The fireball was solid yellow, and appeared to be the size of car. As it got closer it appeared to have an orange ring around it. Only when it was directly above my head, did I see, the fireball was in the center and there was a red laser grid (in a rectangle shape)surrounding the entire fireball. This was only visible when it was directly over my head (like looking up through the bottom of a lamp shade). The red laser lines did not connect to the fireball, but they had several lines connecting to each other all around the fireball. It never stopped or slowed down. 

There was no sound, my dog didn't look up, she immediately ran down the line (sniffing for rabbits) on her way to the pine trees, 150 ft. away. She never barked. My eyes were locked, I never looked away. 

I yelled "come here" and started pointing to the west as it was passing over my house. My adult son, was standing 6 feet away, in the sunroom, (looking at the TV). He walked outside while I was yelling "look at that do you see it?" I had grabbed his bicep, in the process. He said "yes I see it, what was it?""Your scaring me mom". I said, "sorry, I just wanted to make sure you saw it too". I went straight in the house, looked at the kitchen clock (it was 10:35 pm) and ran to the bathroom to tell my fianc1'.
