{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-14 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3073,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5518813.json","updb_database_id":5518813}
Orange Orb with glow moving across the sky

Around 935pm PST on May 14th, 2012 I was at home with my wife shortly after dark with clear skys when she noticed a glowing red-orange/fire colored ball moving across the sky and she asked me what is that a meteor? I came into our dining room that overlooks the city at an elevation of about 60-80 feet above the town with an over the treetop view and noticed the object. 

My first reaction was not of a helicopter or a plane because it was a constant glow and was almost the color and appearance of a fireball. The approximate height off the ground was low at around 200 feet and a constant elevation in the direction of travel. The path it was on was generally coming from West-Northwest to East-Southeast. The distance we observed it from was about a half-mile that I estimated with a landmark in the background and an approximation using Google Earth. The speed was faster than a helicopter/small plane and I could best describe it as swift and deliberate like its azimuth/direction of flight. It was not headed to our municipal airport which is south of our location with a different line of approach. 

I went to grab my smartphone with the camcorder on it and went outside to our front patio deck which is right outside the dining room window that we were observing the orb object. I could not hear any sound of an engine or a rotor. On any other clear night like this one we can pick up sounds of speeding cars on the busy mall area below us and helicopter rotor sounds at the hospital a mile away. At this point I attempted to get a video of the object but it was moving quickly and the camcorder on the phone did not have the zoom capability so I caught some video of black night sky as it was moving away from our location. The duration of the observation of the object in its visible path was about 30 seconds. The approximate azimuth/direction of the objects travel when drawn out as a line on Google Earth shows it heading in the direction roughly south of Mt. Adams here in Washington State.

That is the best summary I have for the event. Nothing else as far as phenomenon was related to this observation at our location or over the town. This is the first time my wife and I have seen something like this event. I felt it was appropriate to report it to the scientific community on this site that it may be helpful to someones research. We have not told any media sources of this incident and have no plans to do so.
