{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-03 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5281813.json","updb_database_id":5281813}
Day time UAP sighting - Vancouver, BC 3 Oct 2021

I saw something very strange on Sunday October 3rd, 2021 at Jericho Beach in Vancouver. I will tell you what I observed and let you draw your own conclusions. I remain open minded and curious about the entire incident, but cannot say for sure what it was that I saw.

It was approximately 5:00pm (give or take a few minutes) and I was at Jericho Beach walking eastwards towards Stanley Park and the downtown core. Directly in front of me a helicopter, flying at an estimated altitude of a thousand feet and on a north-south heading, caught my attention but I immediately lost interest in it.

I stopped and turned to face the North Shore mountains on my left (approx. N-NNE from my location). Just behind the helicopter and flying at an undetermined higher altitude I saw this white coloured chevron-shaped formation. It was sunny and windy with some scattered high clouds at the time, but the object(s) was flying in a clear part of the sky and it was very bright. It was also very high relative to my location, as I had to look upwards at a ~45 degree angle to watch it.

My first reaction was that it must be a flock of birds as the formation appeared to be fluttering. This did not make sense because it seemed too high (higher than the helicopter, who was flying lower than the object and on a different heading) and this formation was travelling relatively slowly from west to east over the middle of English Bay (from my viewpoint).

I continued to observe the lights, and thought maybe it was a banner, a balloon or tin foil being carried in the windy conditions, but none of that made sense. It always maintained a loose 'v-shape', but it was fluid in its motion and did not maintain a regular, or precise, geometric shape. It appeared to 'flutter' or 'shimmer', and as it approached the downtown core it changed course from a west-east heading to a north-south heading. Where it was when it altered its course to the south I cannot say for sure, but from my view it appeared to be somewhere between Jericho Beach and downtown Vancouver. However, it could easily have changed course either west or east of the downtown core, as I had no way to make an accurate estimate of location.

I observed it for another minute or two until it was no longer visible because it was eventually obscured by a bank of cirrocumulus clouds south of Vancouver. I cannot tell if it went over or under the clouds, but after observing it for 3-4 minutes I could no longer see it.

I am unable to estimate an approximate velocity, but it was fairly constant and flew in what one could call a 'lazy' manner. It would be fairly accurate to say that the lights 'lingered' in the area before I lost sight of them. It was not moving as fast as a commercial or private aircraft, who would have transited the area in a much shorter amount of time. From my limited knowledge it did not appear to be in any of the usual flight paths that we see aircraft using when arriving at or departing from Vancouver International Airport (YVR) to the south in Richmond, or the seaplanes and helicopters that fly in/out of the facilities near the Convention Centre in downtown Vancouver.

What really stood out was the unusual way the shape behaved and it's fluid nature. It definitely seemed like it was a collection of lights, or bright objects, rather than one solid object. They were bright white, the same colour as clouds, and it did not really look like it was reflecting or emitting light. Perhaps the reason it had a shimmering appearance was because either the object was reflecting the late afternoon sunlight or varying levels of self-illumination of the object(s) itself?

I did try to take some pictures or video with my iPhone, but the best picture I was able to take was only a faint blur. Attached below is a link to a YouTube video that I found. I would add that the characteristics and behaviour are almost identical to what I saw, however the phenomenon I witnessed was did not fade in and out as seen in the attached video, however the relative size, shape and colour of the objects I saw is identical to my sighting. The formation in the attached video is a large 'group', whereas in my sighting it was a narrow "V" shape, with the individual objects following each other close, but not in a straight line (such as a flock of birds) I have no way to estimate an approximate size of the object(s).

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jxkx-lHr9E

I was wondering if anyone witnessed that same thing, or if anyone has an explanation? 

Details:
Date: 3 October, 2021
Time: ~1700-1705 hrs PDT
Location: Jericho Beach, Vancouver, BC (Lat N49d16' Long W123d 12')
Temperature: 15C (59F)
Weather: mostly sunny with scattered clouds. Windy
Length of observation: <5 minutes
