{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-25 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5483813.json","updb_database_id":5483813}
UFO looked oval but because it was travelling at about a 45 degree angle it may have been spherical, it pulsated but also still had a constant orange glow it slowly changed direction to flying towards Lake Erie

My sighting happened on the 25th November at around 3.30 am. I could not sleep due to the effects of the full moon, so I got up and thought ok since I cannot sleep I will go look to see if the full moon is out. I walked to the rear of our house to the back patio double doors. 

I saw the full moon bright and nicely nestled in-between our trees and fetched my husbands camera which I am not too familiar with but I opened the patio doors briefly to take some photos of the moon, it was cold. I was rather pleased with the photos as they turned out well. Some would't focus because of the the light levels but some did. I do not know how to alter his cannon camera. 

I was just heading back to bed when I had an odd feeling, I thought I will just look once more at the beautiful full moon. As I did I saw an orange UFO appear from the East. For a second I watched it, then I thought, grab the camera. I turned it on and tried to focus it but it wouldn't focus as the light was too dim. All the time the craft was moving across the night sky. It appeared oval but it could have been saucer shaped, the angle did not allow me to see if it were actually a saucer. It was travelling from the East to South West which would take it over Lake Erie. It was travelling at an angle about 40 to 45 degrees. It had a orange glow which gave it an outline and fuzzy lighter orange pulsating glow around it. I struggled with the camera as it would not pic up the UFO on the little screen. I decided to just aim and take photos in the hope it might catch something. I was really excited about the siting. While I followed the UFO I did try to remote view it and I did receive an image of the occupants, obviously as you know remote viewing is not an exact science as any real remote viewer would agree. I did however receive an image of a form of grey alien not with huge eyes but medium size eyes bigger in proportion than human eyes. These were tall and rather elegant aliens not the weak looking greys we normally see in the media. They were very intelligent and appeared to have some form of high collared gown or cape on. They knew I was remote viewing them and told me they could not stop they were busy (on a schedule) I sent them a message of love and greetings to them, no fear at all. The UFO then disappear over my house and I moved to the front of the house but could no longer see it. 

On reviewing my photos I just caught an image by a fraction the bottom of the image is the refraction of my patio doors. I will attached the original and the one I blew up. I have not in any way altered the image just enlarged it. It is unfortunately not a wonderful photo and it really annoyed me I could not get the camera to focus and take a better photo or even film but at least I just managed to catch an image. 

I would like to add I am familiar with aircraft as I served in the Royal Air Force as a aircraft mechanic propulsion (aircraft engines). So I am aware of weather balloons, helicopters, aircraft etc.. This was a UFO!
