{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5489813.json","updb_database_id":5489813}
{jpg} 1 orange ball of light split into two then disappeared, reappearing 30 sec later, single ball of light again split into 2 then 3, they rotated around each other then the lowest ball shot off SW then they all disappeared not returning. Approx 200 up.

On a recent trip to Roswell NM I wanted to drive to where the 1947 crash site had been reported, near the town of Corona NM. 
We arrived in Roswell at approx 6pm on the 6th August 2015. After checking into our hotel myself, my wife and my two children 12 and 10 years old left to drive towards Corona at approx 7:30-8pm
The sat nav told me that Corona was about one and half hours away, which meant we were going to get there when it was dark. We were only there for one night so it was a now or never trip as we were traveling across the USA on holiday from the UK. I'm a big ufo enthusiast and author.
As we travelled up the 285 the sat nav turned us down a smaller road, the 247 towards Corona. It was very dark by this time and it was a perfectly clear night, all the stars were out. I drove down the road for about 20mins not passing any other vehicles at all, it was at this point that I saw the object for the first time. 
A bright Orange ball (sphere) of light in the air approx 1-2 miles away 200-300 foot off the ground from what I could make out, it was to my left side straight out of the front wind shield of the car. There were no other lights on, the car illumination was turned right down and there were no other cars on the road. 
There was one bright Orange ball of light, I noticed it straight away because it stood out so much against the black night sky. Now bare in mind this first sighting lasted about 20 seconds the ball split into two and separated to approximately 1inch apart in my view, then completely disappeared, like they had turned their light off. 
I asked my wife who was talking to the kids at the time if she had seen that! She replied she hadn't. I slowly started to pull the car over to a stop when I saw a graveled area to the side of the road. At this point my 10 year old daughter was screaming her head off as I was trying to get out of the car to take a closer look. She was uncontrollable, shouting for me to stay in the car and not to get out. I turned back around to look out of the front window whilst trying to get my phone out so it was ready for videoing anything, then it happened again. 
The bright Orange ball in the sky reappeared in the same area as before, to my left about 1-2 miles away and 200-300 foot off the ground. I said to my wife "there look it's there"
When she turned to see what I was talking about it had split into 2 then 3 bright Orange balls, all the same size, they were really bright. They started to rotate around each other then the ball (sphere) closest to the ground shot off to the side like a shooting star on an slight angle towards the ground, as this happened the other 2 balls went out just like before, this sighting took approximately 30 seconds to take place, so unfortunately I didn't get chance to get anything videoed on my phone. We waited for awhile but they didn't come back. We continued to drive to Corona after waiting for about 15mins. It took quite some time for my daughter to calm down after this. 
I told Dennis Balthaser about what we had seen the next day, as we were booked on his tour of Roswell. He said that fit in with other things that had been seen.
It was amazing, I just wish I managed to get out and take some videotape the time.
