{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-03 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509813","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/813/mufon-5509813.json","updb_database_id":5509813}
{dr}Bright FIREY glowing orb-like entity. Seen traveling over Allen County, Fort Wayne, Indiana.

I was going for a walk down Congress St around 9pm EST. I frequently gaze at the sky but Im not sure what caused my to look up at that moment. A bright Orb caught my eye. I thought I was rather strange that Id be seeing an object that bright in the evening sky for the Summer season. The sun didn't set completely, therefore it was still relatively somewhat bright outside. I thought it was a star. But a star that bright and that close would be impossible. I also thought it might have been an airplane. Since Fort Waynes airport is very close to the area, planes fly very low. Every light on the plane including the outline of the plane would be visible. And it sure wasnt a weather balloon. On fire? No. This object was located EAST in the sky. It hovered in the sky when I first noticed it. It burned bright and flickered/pulsated as if it where ABLAZE. After hovering for about 30 seconds it "gracefully" floated towards the NORTH for 1 minute. In an instant it faded completely, then faintly burned white and shall I say...Teleported. I use the word "teleport" because this object sort of "popped" as it dimly burned white, and then I spotted the dim light (a few feet from MY viewpoint of the sky) in another area before it gradually faded into oblivion. My two friends who where taking the stroll with me noticed it as well. Their responses as to what it might have been REALLY grinded my gears. But they still witnessed the event. We ALL know that we indeed see this occur. We were under NO influence of ANYTHING aside from the love of God. Im just here to report this incident. Im not looking for answers because I know the truth. With all these movies and shows that are airing. I believe its time that "They" stop "spoon feeding" the human race about whats REALLY going on. As a race, weve been watching these events for a millennia. Maybe some wouldnt be able to handle it. Personally, I believe its time. Oh, and thanks Mr. Cooper. Some of us goyim DID listen.
