{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-23 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5494572.json","updb_database_id":5494572}
Simply an unknown aerial phenomenon that cannot be explained.

I live in Windsor, Ontario. I was out having a smoke and I always enjoy watching the night sky. I live near an airport and the river. I'm used to seeing planes, boat masts, lights coming from casinos downtown etc. I check to see what unusal stars and such are in the sky, e.g. planets. 

As I was gazing my eye from one side to the other, I came to the moon, which is currently a crescent and so a few stars around it are more visible than usual, which is when I noticed a star like object moving under the moon. It must have been very high in the sky because I saw no body behind the dim light, and it was definitely moving away because it got even dimmer. It must have been travelling at an incredibly high velocity to have travlleled one side of the moon to the other in 3 seconds, especially if it really was as high as I suspected it to be. I'm used to seeing very high flying planes and can identify the light emitting from them; the main light is usually more yellowish (and is only visible when flying towards you), accompanied by other blinking white and red lights. 

This 'object' had no blinking lights, only the main light which was identical to the shine of a star. Selfridge ANGB Air Force base is about 2 hours from me (it is in Detroit, USA) so my initial thoughts was that it could be a fighter jet on a test flight, or some experimnetal air craft. I considered it being a satelite, which would fit the description of it being higher than any aircraft I've seen and it moving in a straight path supports that theory.
