{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-10 18:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5499572.json","updb_database_id":5499572}
{dr} 5year old nephew & I standing my mother's porch. Absolutely silent/still outside; from the corner of my eye, I detected movement. We both turned & watched as it, without sound or visible means of propulsion, made its way across the street @3(?)mph

My nephew (who was about 5 at the time) and I were having a rare moment where neither of us were engaged in any activity. It was amber outside, full cloud coverage, a barometric pressure that indicated it would rain at any moment; it was warm, so the doors were open. I suppose perhaps we were standing at the door, waiting for the rain to come--a stillness all around that you can't help but sense. My peripheral vision picked up movement on my left. I turned my head by a mere quarter turn- noting as I did so, that my nephew picked up on the same movement and turned as well. We both stood motionless and silent on the top step, watching as it drifted perfectly parallel to the top of my mother's chain link fence. My initial impression was a drifting balloon but it didn't have the shape or tendencies. A balloon ascends or descends, and is affected by air current. This object was on an even, straight plane and didn't move to the right, nor to the left, not up or down. My initial response was merely to watch. I could tell if I ran after it, I wouldn't catch it, as it was about 25 feet or more from me, seven to nine feet off the ground and going steadily about three or maybe five MPH. The object did not look large, and every time I think of it, I am reminded of a stingray. That is what I thought then, it is what I still think now - a stiff stingray without a tail. Aside from knowing I could never catch it, I also did not want to leave my nephew on the steps or lead him into the yard where either of us might have gotten hurt. Never picking up or dropping speed, making a sound or straying from its straight path, it went across the street and into the sparce trees. We watched silently until it was no longer visible. My nephew then said, "Tia (place my birthname here), what was that?" I recall thinking how gently he asked, how calmly we observed this anomaly, how peaceful I felt even as I was filled with awe and wonder. All I said to my nephew was, "I've never seen that before, sweetie". It seems the second I finished my sentence, the rain began to fall in buckets. I have since then asked my nephew, who is now 14 years old, if he recalls the day/event. It is a vague memory to him. His mother got home maybe an hour later, and we told her about it. These sort of things are not particularly her cup of tea, I could tell the subject made her uncomfortable. When I first asked my nephew if he recalled it (a couple of years later), he said she did not like him to talk about it. She specifically told me she did not want him to talk about it-- she wanted him to forget it. I am certain it is because she doesn't want her child to be viewed as a weirdo and then be given a hard time as a result. I have often thought of going under hypnosis to record the event more precisely than I just have. I've considered that it might have been a man-made object, a creature that, like sasquatch, potentially exists yet has never been formally encountered by humans before, or that it is extraterrestrial in origin. If there was a life form inside, it would have to be no larger than a Barbie doll. If there was more than one, they'd have to be the size of the little plastic army men. Was it a drone, collecting data? So many possibilities. I have often watched ufo-related shows and videos, hoping to hear of an object like this one but have yet to hear of anything even remotely similar.
