{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-01 07:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5488572.json","updb_database_id":5488572}
{jpg} 3 lights forming a triangle in the sky

To start things off, I am only a 14 year old, I don't really wish to try and make up a fake story, especially since after today I am slightly creeped out.
At around 7:39 I was with my brother preparing for our Halloween horror movie marathon. While watching the movie, I got up to get a cup of ice water and looked outside, which is a natural thing that I usually do. I noticed 3 lights in the sky flying in a triangular formation. I've seen many planes here, and there lights didn't look like any plane I've ever seen before. Because it was cloudy outside(making the night sky gray) I was able to make out a black outline, however I cannot be certain since it was only there for about 9 or 10 seconds and I was to interested in the lights outside. When I first saw it, I didn't really have any thoughts of what it belonged to, so I looked up "3 lights in a triangular formation in the sky" and it came up with a bunch of information on ufo's. I was slightly duds turned by this, but I then returned to watch the movie. I should have noticed my cats strange behavior of running back and forth but I was focused on the movie more. When it was time for me to sleep, I decided to just go on my phone and browse a bit. I heard a high pitched humming sound from outside, but at the same time it wasn't loud at all. I looked outside and saw that the 3 dots were passing by again, but this time they were closer. I only got a glimpse of it for 5 seconds though since there were trees in the way. I don't know anything about aliens or ufos, and it could just be an airplane of some sort, but I still think it's best to ask for some answers then to be afraid of what I saw
Thank you.

Ps I all so includes a picture I found of triangular light thingys
