{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2823,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5485572.json","updb_database_id":5485572}
{jpg} At approximately 12:30AM on January 29th, 2016, I let my dogs out when I noticed the bright pulsing light in the sky. It moved, changed shaped, & pulsed different colors. At 12:44AM I took a 10 min video of what I was experiencing.

At approximately 12:30AM on the morning of January 29th, 2016, I let my dogs outside. I live in a very secluded area so I tend to look at the stars often because there are hardly any lights obstructing the view of the sky. When I glanced at the sky I noticed a light brighter than anything else in the sky other than the moon, and upon focusing my attention on the object I quickly realized it was much larger and closer than the stars and was pulsing different colors, mostly white, blue, green, and purple, but much faster than I could really process. I stood staring at the object in shock as it moved from left to right, it would move down slightly and then jump back up quickly and seemed to be changing shape in no particular pattern or order. After I got my dogs back inside I grabbed my phone and took a couple of still photos along with an approximately 10 minute video. In the video, zoomed in, the color change is much more apparent and the object almost seems to be a ring with a hollow center - the first thing it reminded me of was a sand dollar or amoeba shape. There is some "human error" movement in the video, as I was using my cellphone, but it is very clear in the video that the object moves under its own control and zoomed in, almost seems to be spinning while the rapid color change takes place. I watch the stars all the time and have never seen anything like this in my life. It remained in the same general area in the sky, moving but returning to the same general location, for approximately an hour and a half when it slowly started to get smaller, as if it was moving away from my direction, and in the matter of seconds it was gone.
