{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-27 23:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5500572.json","updb_database_id":5500572}
{cak} was viewing nasa solar observation satelite when i viewd a massive object circling the sun and back towards earth

I was watching NASA's solar observation satellite through its lens from my computer, when I viewed a large object circling around the sun. Originally I thought it was an earth based satellite, due to its shape, so I ignored it. Upon further observations' however, I realized that this object was far larger than a satellite. The angle distance and speed gained my attention as well. It curved around the sun near the top, circling around the backside, followed by a massive solar eruption, where this object would have been. After making its way from the back of the sun towards the direction of earth, a second massive eruption took place directly behind it. I was able to get a closer look when it swung around. It was spherical in shape with a large wing like structure, and pulsated all across the surface in even increments. The first NASA monitor from the satellite showed a standard lens view, I would imagine. I took a few video clips' of this monitor, which gave me a good look at the shape of the object. The other video clips' I took were of what I think may have been the infrared monitor on the site. This monitor had a wider angle lens, showing me what happened after the object left the first ones' view. In the second, I noticed the it changed its speed, then streaked off at an un-paralleled one. When I viewed the object during this incident I was shocked to see that this thing was absolutely massive, and moving incredibly fast. I was able to conclude this, due to the date and time counter on the bottom left side of the monitors'. I was further shocked that it traveled so close to the surface of the sun and was able to survive two consecutive solar eruptions on a massive scale. I couldn't understand how something so massive was able to move so quickly around the sun and back towards earth. The date and time counter displayed showed that this thing took only 4 days' to reach as far as it did, from around the sun and back. If I am not mistaken its a distance of 93,000,000 miles from the earth to the sun. I just couldn't believe something could move that fast! I lost track of it after it left the second monitor. Whatever it was, I went back the following morning to see if the video was still there. The video clip of it streaking off was removed from the site. I witnessed this event on the 27'th, but the counter states the event started back on the 24'th. The object is still visible, but now right before it streaks off, the image is removed and you just see the object moving slowly. its like they are playing it off as a meteor. Unfortunately my phone wont allow me to download my videos to the computer, however I do have the evidence in hand and present with me at this very moment. I assure you it is VERY genuine. I am more than willing to share the video clips in person if it is possible.
