{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-08-23 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5493572.json","updb_database_id":5493572}
{dr}spotted glowing sphere about 1 mile away, moving south. we had stopped and were headed north. It suddenly changed directions and came right to us and chased us. (3 in car

It was late August, 1970, just before the start of school...It was a Sunday night... IIt was a warm, dark night, no moon visible. Me and two of my high school friends were bored and driving north on a blacktop road out of our small, central Illinois town. There was no other traffic . It was after 8pm..
We stopped a few miles north of town to relieve ourselves (we had not been drinking)...Our vehicle was facing north, and I was standing, facing east. About a mile to the East/Northeast there was a large, glowing sphere moving north to south (not fast)...I was watching it and thought it was strange, because it looked different than a plane or helicopter, and it was making no sound at all (it was a warm, still night). I called to my friends and pointed it out, we then started yelling at it, acting silly like teenagers will... It kept moving south, away from us, so we got in the car and resumed heading north...I was on the passenger side, and me and my friend riding in the middle kept watching it. All of a sudden it changed directions and started moving northwest right towards us. I told the driver, we all became excited/afraid at that point, and he punched the pedal of the car and we raced north on the blacktop. We kept watching it, and it covered the distance in amazing speed until it was just above the treeline to our northeast, moving north at the same speed we were (about 80 at that point). We were in a panic, but I was fascinated as well... this object, glowing white/yellow brightly, with no visible structure that I could see... It was probably 100 feet or so from us, about 75 ftt in air, I am guessing it was about 40 - 60 ft in diameter,just above the trees, moving right with us. We were flying over the road like this for several miles when, all of a sudden, the sphere disappeared from the top down, as if looking at a window shade going down over a window....this really freaked us out, and we weren't sure what would happen next, but nothing did...although I don't remember how we ended up heading back sWe got back to towouth to town, I'm sure it was because I was so freaked by everything....we got back to town and we were totally spent... we decided not to tell anyone fir a while, and we went home....this happened over 40 years and I saw one of my friends who was with me, just a few years ago....I asked him if he still remembered it, and he said he thinks about it all the time...i told him what I remembered, the whole story, and he said that is exactly how he remembered it too....
My youngest son and I also had a strange incident in October of 2000. I'm too tired of typing to tell that story right now, but will try too soon. 
Thanks for reading this.
