{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-27 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5457572.json","updb_database_id":5457572}
{cak} experience orbs one out of every six times looking in back yard

Maybe using the wrong form for all of this?
since first MUFON report from me Sept 2010
30 views Orbs with minor son 2010 to 2011
2011 backyard saucer 200' up shape (trion re')gliding tru neighborhood, orange boomarang light at from entranced me then scanned me till painful headache, started downloads soon after. My son of 12 was a witness.
recently came across 1973 Ohio incident military helicopter experience, that is craft that scanned me 
since saucer scan have had numerous downloads and sightings
Now a year ago retirement everything has escalated, see once every six times go out late to purposely see.
The orbs now respond to me, having spiritual experiences from them. Now a new totally different orb has been introduced.
New orb is beautiful Golden Orb the changes from circle, to flat narrow oval to then turned up on right side like candy cane.
These here are only a few examples in over hundreds of experiences. 
two examples of hundreds of downloads: Gold craft went into my chest and made a buzz warm feeling which i realized was immense love. for two weeks I was tearing up and overwhelmed by the beauty till it diminished. I still carry to this day more in my heart. very abstract to explain.
One more of many . I attached the video of the directed visual. Night of the Russian Ammo explosions I had a weird download. I viewed the atomic looking explosion but I became compelled to view over and over again maybe 30 40 times, it felt so good to view each I just kept viewing. It became apparent there were delta and triangles in the blast zone.
I included two videos, one is raw video, second video has arrows pointing to what they showed me. There was a verbal download with it...they said; They are protecting us ..they are protecting earth,humanity and the Russian People. I think download insinuated there was some radioactivity cleaned up. Personally I don't understand why nobody else has seen these craft in the videos that are all over the internet, I have waited months now and no one has come forward.
These experiences have been very life changing, they do not want or allow for now me to take pictures but have said they will in future. I have been given some tasks to complete first.
Yes, I asked why me...the only answer was "because of my choices", which kinda left me hanging. They are very kind and polite, they are spiritually centered and like to relate to spiritual energy. The Golden Craft seems very high on the order of spirituality, they are here to help with our event. They are millions and millions of years a head of our human body types.
more about videos linked here: you can find same videos on internet,"inked delta triangles" shows a triangle become semi uncloaked and fly off with a delta standing guard. the video small craft is a craft formed out of seemingly debris and dashes to hide in a explosion plume. not sure about this visual discovery but the nuke explosion for sure something there.
