{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-05-20 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5482572.json","updb_database_id":5482572}
{jpg} Silver/Grey small disk hovering over street light sent light beam through bedroom window and the net thing I remembered, it was two hours later.

I had set clock to go off in 2 hours so I could take a nap before getting ready for work. I laid down when I heard my neighbors talking outside. They were pointing and looking at a disk hovering over the street light. I looked at it and I remember thinking, "this can't be real", I turned my head and laid it back down, I heard someone say the police said it must be a weather balloon. I looked out at it again, which was a few seconds later, I seen a really bright light shine at me and the net thing I remember was lying there in the bed. A minute or two later, I look at the clock and it was three hours later. I was going to be late for work. I also noticed I had a small soar behind my left ear which I attributed to an injury from laying on my earring at some other time since I didn't have any on at the time. This event has troubled me for years and I have never been able to account for that missing time.
Prior to this, around the fourth of July, I do not remember the exact year, I remember I had been suffering from terrible headaches. My father took me to the doctor. The doctor ordered and ct scan to see what was going on. He informed me that I had a collection of metal debris really close to my sinus cavity and he gave me medication that he said would dissolve it. Years later, I felt like something was in my nose. I kept rubbing it and finally, what looked like a wadded up piece if foil in blood came out of my nose.
Since then, at night right before I sleep, I sometimes get this engine humming noise, like it is swirling around somewhere close, it scares me something awful, the next thing I remember, its day light and I know I have not been to sleep because I am so very tired. 
Even now, I wake up with bruises and pains I have no recollection of how or why they are there. I have only spoke about these things to one other person in my entire life. I have always been afraid of what others would think about me if I told them. I have often wondered myself.
