{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5527572.json","updb_database_id":5527572}
discovered ufo in sky while looking at google earth, street view.

The above address is not mine, but it is within my neighborhood. My wife, while using her Ipad noticed that our address location is mapped (presumably due to the GPS feature.)I expanded to the Google earth "street view" to see our house. The Ipads are very sensitive when moving the images around and I panned up to the sky, where I saw the most perfect coral pink colored, bell shaped UFO. It also had what I would describe as a "vapor plume" or some type of air disturbance below it in a cylindrical form; almost as if it was the effects from its propulsion system. Thinking this must be an anomaly, or reflection (perhaps from the camera, or operators vehicle's windshield) used during the recording of the street views; I moved down the street. To my amazement the image remained correctly orientated in the sky (in the north direction.) As I continued to move the street view, attempting to think which direction a driver taking photographs would go and even when your back would be to the image, when you rotate an pan back up to the sky the image is where you would expect it to be. This fact made it clear this is a real solid object, hovering in the sky. The UFO has shape and dimension and the reflective surface is correct with respect to the location of the sun, (I guess it was about 10:00am, based on the sun's position.) We continued to move the street view in Google earth all over our neighborhood and the image was always found to be in about the same location, sometimes tilted differently, or a little more faint. I believe the Google recordings in this area was taken in 2009. I'm sure if one can investigate with the Google image people, the original recording could be analyzed and will prove to be one of the greatest UFO discoveries in our history. If one types in *(Wit's address removed--CMS/sg) using Google Earth, go to street view and then pan up to about 12 o'clock you too will be amazed. As you move down the street (Lower in numbers) the image gets smaller as if it is moving to the north; therefore, with calculations, one could estimate it's rate of speed (very slow.) I had to tell someone. I hope it can be looked into and someone would call me with the results; but I don't want to be on the evening news.
