{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-17 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25948","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5529572.json","updb_database_id":5529572}
Spotted 5 in formation one behind the other

I was inside watching tv when my step-dad yelled to come quick. I ran outside on the back patio. He said to look ufo's. I thought he was joking at first. I am 33 by the way. I looked up and saw an amber glowing disk flying fairly low. It had no recognizable FAA approved flashing lights. The entire craft appeared to be glowing. I just caught a glimpse of the first one flying ahead of three others that were tightly close together. When I saw that three of these object were coming into view from behind a tree and the neighbors house. I immediately recognized these were not regular jets/planes or helicopters and moving faster than a glowing balloon would. I immediately climbed a fence around the pool equipment on the side of the house to get on the roof so I would not loose sight of the craft from the neighbors trees. As I got on the roof three of the objects were flying in formation one behind the other. With one of the four about a half mile in front of the three in formation one behind the other then one more was behind the three in tight formation. similar to this   .  . . .  .  in that formation one behind the other. They appeared to be a glowing amber color very similar to glowing hot metal. They were circular disk shaped. I would guess to be maybe 100 to feet in diameter. I would estimate there distance from me to be when at there closest to be 1 1/2 miles. And flying at an altitude of between 1000 to 3000 ft. They appeared to be moving the speed of a slow moving plane. I was very excited to see something like this, this close. I live close to two airports for over 10yrs now and have never saw anything like this. My step dad was a skeptic before tonight. My 30 yr old brother wittnessed it too. He doesn't know what to think. He said it is the first time he's ever wittnessed something he can't explain. My yougest brother 22 climbed up on the roof near the end of the sighting. He said they looked like balloons with fire in them. But doesn't think that is what they were. I watched them traverse, jugdging from there positions over the ground. From west to east parrallel to me I would say they travelled 6 miles in 2 min. Which would mean they were doing 180 miles an hour. Impossible for a balloon. With almost no breeze or wind. The whole thing lasted till we could no longer see them about 4-5 min. I called air traffic control from a number on the internet since information did not have the number in Sanford FL. He said he has not noticed anything unusual between 7:45 PM and 8:00 PM. I then asked him if there were any airtraffic flying in formation that he had noticed. He denied that there was. We did take a couple of pictures but I'll have to upload them at a latter date because I do not have the camera with me. There no that great though because of the low light condition but there are some weird anomalies. With the photographs And his camera malfunctioned many times trying to take the pictures which he said has never happened to him before. My mother also witnessed the event. Now my whole family has started thinking. Were going to buy a night shot camcorder for the future.
