{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-03 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495572","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/572/mufon-5495572.json","updb_database_id":5495572}
{nd} Classic

While filming with a drone quadcopter equipped with a 1080P HD Video Camera, 60fps, I was flying and filming in and around a Velodrome Bike Race Track at Hellyer Park in San Jose Ca.I had been flying and filming for about 5 minutes around 4 o'clock in the afternoon at a height of approximately 90 to 100 feet. The video runs just over 5 minutes and although I personally did not see this object at the time it soared past my drones camera view as I stopped a pan from right to left , the camera clearly captured the object as it traveled from west to east at a downward angel from a 90 to 100 foot height down to the ground where it disappeared into the grass field inside the vellodrome.Once I returned home to view the video I shot I immediately noticed the bright white object in the video. I was unaware of this objects existence until I viewed the video for the first time. I then tried to freeze the video at different intervals in an attempt to distinguish what this object was and it was then that I was able to track the trajectory of the object as it traveled to the ground. by starting and stopping the video at the point it comes into view (2:09) you can follow the object all the way to the ground as it travels in a slightly curved line until it nears the ground and then it turns left and loops around returning to a straight line into the grass field where it disappeared. The object appears to be traveling at a very high rate of speed although I cannot determine the actual speed of the object. At first glance and observation of the object in the video it appeared to travel in a straight line until I began to start and stop the video at just the right interval to be able to track the object to the ground. It was then that I noticed the object actually curves a bit on its approach to the ground and then loops around and back again in the original direction until it disappeared into the grass field. The object first appears in the video at apx 2:09-2:10 into the video and lasts for a brief second or two. It comes in from the west in the lower right hand side of the video and travels downward to the ground. I have included the raw video and three stills taken from my monitor , one slightly blown up for a better view and one blown up a bit larger to try and distinguish what the object is and one with a trajectory overlay. I was told it is a classic "Rod" UFO by someone supposedly in the know who viewed the video. I would welcome a qualified review of the video and explanation of what my camera captured.I believe this is not some kind of everyday creature and I am not qualified to make any intelligent observation of what my camera captured but I do believe I captured an extraordinary object unfamiliar to anything I have seen before other than knowledge of what another observer of the video stated that it is a classic "Rod" UFO which I have seen on TV before in a documentary.
