{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-05 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5481262.json","updb_database_id":5481262}
{cak} Dull soft glowing orange/red orb between softball and watermelon sized seen about 20-30 feet away from me in tree tops.

My Husband and I spend most of our evenings on our apartment porch. We are on the corner of the 3rd story and face an open field next to our apartment complex. We're the only ones with this amount of an amazingly open field veiw at this complex. Though it's an open field it is outlined with trees, some of which are close to our porch. From the porch of my 3rd story apt about 20-30ft out from me, just above a tree top, I looked up and out just in time to randomly see a dull orange/red orb come over and around a tree top right in front of me. I didn't sense it, it made no sound at all, and even though it glowed orange and reddish orange it didn't cast enough light to shine on to anything. So with that being said if I hadn't just looked out at the view in front of me at that exact moment, I would have never seen it, I would have never known it was there at all. It moved fast and direct. Staying just inches above the tree tops, moving decidedly around the tree tops. Too fast, too silent and too weird of a light to be a drone, too close and too small to be mistaken for a plan or helicopter. A big storm was brewing in the next town over (Broken Arrow/Tulsa) that we could easily see amazing lightening take place from, but the weather was very calm and pleasant where we were. Almost no wind or noise, just a calm night. By the time I registered what I was seeing and started to say "Wow look at..." to my husband, it was gone without a trace. The whole thing took place in under 10 seconds, my husband was lighting his cigarette while this was taken place and there for didn't see anything. It was the weirdest, yet curiously exciting moment ever. I've always believed with all my heart, no doubt about it, but had never seen with my own eyes. It's a 10 second moment I have played over and over and over again every single day since it happen. Not a moment has gone by I don't think about it, not a night goes by I don't keep my eyes on the sky looking for... it or anything else like it. And the weirdset thing of all, it didn't fly away, shoot off or land. As soon as I made a sound to form the words Wow, it was that exact moment, mid-flight past our porch it just fanished! Gone. Not up, not down, not hiding... light off in the blink of an eye, no traces left, gone. Poof. And I've not been able to stop obsessing since. Next day I had a strang, realistic dream during a midday nap. I felt the need to wake and check on my kids but when I tried to sit up and roll over I felt drugged, no strength, couldn't hardly move or open my eyes. I managed a weird flop and roll over, tried to say my daughters name but it sounded sluggish to my own ears. I managed to open my eyes just enough to be blinded by a very direct bright pin point of a light. I asked my husband later that day if he had come home from work on lunch and for some weird reason shined his phones flashlight in my face or something haha, but he said no definitely not. All I know is I must have immediately gone into a deep sleep and woke what felt like only 5 to 10 minutes later. Everything was fine in the house. My daughter was asleep on the couch and my son was in his room on the xbox, everything seemed fine. Then I noticed a wicked bad bruise on my left calf muscle with no explanation as to when or how I aquire it. A day or two later a solid white perfect circle appeared in the bruise, next day another perfect circle papered right next to the first, both in the middle of the bruise. That's also when I noticed there were sold pea diced hard lumps. One under each white circle in the bruise and the circles became outlined in perfect red lines that almost resemble spider veins but much softer, smaller and lighter. The bruises and red lines are gone now, but the hard mass is still very much there. Also it stopped feeling like two individual pea sized knots, and started feeling more like the size and shape of a Tylenol pill. As far as how all this makes me feel... mostly curious and ready. I feel ready, if that makes any sense? Like something is about to happen that I want to happen and am relived? Some fear of the unknown factors weasel in, but are far outweighed by excitement!
