{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-26 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54633","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5504262.json","updb_database_id":5504262}
{cak} Streaks of light (4-5), then thicken and pulsating, changing to round shaped objects all moving independently.

I was sitting on a bench in Owl's Head Park in Brooklyn, an excellent vantage point overlooking New York Bay with a view of New Jersey. Airplanes leaving and arriving at Newark airport could be seen as dark gray objects in the sky. No one else was around as it was quite cold, maybe 30 degrees.

I looked up at the sky above New Jersey and saw something totally unique. I had no idea what it was or where it came from. The sky was a clear dark blue and the three lights I saw were parallel streaks of white, as if someone had drawn with a piece of white chalk on the dark blue sky. That was just the beginning. These thin white lines thickened and became luminous, brightening to the point where I could not look straight at them for very long. It was an unbelievable transformation! They were pulsating and emitting a silvery light, while the airplanes below were dark and difficult to see.

After a while, they returned to the think white streaks I had seen originally and I aimed my cell phone camera in their direction but there was nothing to be seen in the window on my phone. The lights then changed into circles of white light, though not as bright as the thickened white lines. These circles, or orbs, were kind of star-like, moving slowly in the sky independent of one another. As the sun was going down, their color changed from white to pink and then orange. 

During the event while I was sitting on the bench, a man passed by walking his dog. I asked him if he saw anything special in the evening sky and when he looked up he became very excited. He said, "Yes, I see those lights. And I see some of them pulsating. They must be UFO's." I had put on my long range glasses to make sure of what I was seeing. There was no doubt in my mind this was like nothing I had ever seen or even heard about. I am 66 years of age and work as an accountant. By nature, I am very observant. When the circular lights moved farther away and finally our of sight, I was thinking this was caused by the influence of something other-worldly.
