{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-02-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73453","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5486262.json","updb_database_id":5486262}
{dr}Triangular craft about100 yds in diameter. Hovered then turned and moveddirectly over my car. No sound. Small blister found on nose 2 days later.

My friend and I were traveling home on February 16, 2000 on highway 400 going south. We noticed a bluish green light in the distance. We continually watched the light because of the color. As we got near the Outlet Mall, the light became 4 distinct bluish green lights in a horizontal line. I thought it was a communication tower because it did not move. As we approached the where hwy 53 crossed 400, I could see that the lights were too high to be a communication tower. I then got excited because I thought it might be a Blimp. After about another 2 to 3 miles, we saw the object off to the right. It was not 4 lights but two sets of 4 lights that formed a "v" shape. I pulled off the highway at a clearing. We watched the triangular object for about 1 or 2 minutes then it rotated about 90 degrees and moved towards us. As it moved over us we could see every detail of the object. It was a dark black or gray metallic object. It had a smooth surface on the bottom with a reddish pipe like tube around the bottom. There was a round portal like thing in the center like on a submarine. On two sides there were chambers like a large ship has. I could see depth, but I could not determine how thick the object was. The object moved towards Cumming, GA. This event took around 5 minutes from the time it rotated and started moving. Two days later I noticed a blister like bump on the end of my nose that bleed when I washed my face. I didn't think much about it until the friend that was with me said the same thing happened to him. This scared me because I thought of radiation poisoning. A few days later the blister was gone. I have no doubt that what I saw was not from this Earth. It would take antigravity to hover something that large that made no noise or had not wings or rockets. Recently the other person that was with me passed away. I will go to my grave believing that what I saw was a UFO.
