{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5549262.json","updb_database_id":5549262}
strings of lights in the sky, over the ocean, one would appear others would follow

my wife and i were sitting on the beach infront of our house on the night of the full moon, mid july. she mentioned seeing a light that disappeared. i didn't think much of it. later when we returned to the house we noticed a kite flying near the house that kids had tied light sticks too. it was strange looking so i deceided to shine a q beam flashlight on the kite to prove to my wife that the object was a kite. while shining the flashlight in the sky, i noticed 3 lights, in a row, horizontal, over the ocean, maybe 20 degrees above the horizon and about the size of a small marble. The left one faded, then the center faded, then the right one faded. they were illuminated long enough for me to say, "what the #*%! is that" and drop the flashlight. we then returned to the beach and less that five minutes later witnessed the same type of event with greater number of lights, growing off of a beginning one and forming a string of maybe 10 lights. this time much farther away, smaller that a pea at arms length. it happened twice, 30 seconds apart, second one having greater number of lights. total time each formation was illuminated was 10 - 15 seconds. these were not flares or fireworks. they moved with precission on a perfect horizontal path. silent. like a glowing string of pearls. i believe, a group of people on a neighboring deck witnessed the same event. i have yet to talk about it with them.

I first thought the object were fireworks but they hovered and moved horizontal. when i we saw them on the second time it was confirmed that they were not fireworks.
when we saw the lights, the second time they appeared near a large cloud formation.

we were completed fascinated when we witnessed this. i have never seen anything that i could not easily explain. i was just wishing i had my camera!
