{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57801","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5501262.json","updb_database_id":5501262}
firefight over Stanhope Beach between 2 UFOs

In the summer of 1970 I was camping with my family in the National Park on the north shore of PEI. I noticed strange bright lights in the sky. It was noon / early afternoon with a clear sky. This area was a 'normal' dogfight practice area for CFB Summerside fighter planes. At first I didn't realize what I was seeing but the RCMP officer I was chatting with at the time also witnessed this strange phenomenon. He radioed immediately and reported what we both witnessed. It was the weirdest sight I'd ever seen. No noise, no sound of any kind, just two tiny objects way up in the sky, firing at each other. Within 10 minutes both objects just 'broke away' from the fire fight and one disappeared in one direction and the other disappeared into the other direction. We were standing in the parking lot, near the stairs to the beach. When I joined my friends on the beach, none of them had noticed it as none of them were looking at the sky at the time. 

A few days later I asked the RCMP officer if he had heard back and he said, "we didn't see it, we didn't see anything". We just looked at each other and as he was a newly graduated RCMP officer on his first posting, he wasn't going to make waves and no-one would believe a 15 year old girl.  

It was the strangest sight I'd ever seen, and I knew it was not from this planet. This was during the cold war and I wasn't dumb enough to think the USSR and the USA had such advanced weaponry. Balls of light moving so fast at each other, so rapidly, and then the unbelievable speed at which both UFOs disappeared, was just mind boggling to me and to that young RCMP officer.
