{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-21 17:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62105","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5497262.json","updb_database_id":5497262}
large red/orange pulsing, appeared far away but way larger than an airplane, no blinking lights - one solid mass of glowing light

Was standing in my driveway, facing East, throwing the ball for my dogs after work. Glanced up at sky (clear, mostly cloudless night, stars visible but only faintly as was still not long after sunset) and saw object. Noticed it because I had never seen anything like it, and while there are routinely airplanes in the area, this did not resemble an airplane (and lights did not flash, nor was the object moving steadily in a path like an airplane, and they aren't generally in that direction - from my property, I often see the commercial airliners moving North of me from the East to the West where YVR is). It did not appear to be a helicopter either though shape was difficult to determine as it was pulsing. It mainly hovered, but appeared to be moving very slowly toward the North ... it looked like it was either enormous and really far away or kind of close, and not quite so enormous - it's difficult to say. It looked to be about a 20 minute drive away in terms of distance (if I could have driven straight at it), but that kind of estimation is really not my strong suit (I should note that in that direction/area is the Langley Air Field, but it sure didn't look like anything else that comes from that area!!). Watched it for about a minute or more, then looked away to throw the ball for my dog - looked back up and the object had vanished. Watched sky for another minute or so, saw no reappearance of object or any further activity. Glanced up periodically for the next 20 minutes or so, but saw nothing else unusual in the sky. Time was about 5:42pm when object disappeared when I took my eyes off it. 

How did I feel? Really creeped out, because I was making fun of the show "Alien Files Unsealed" the night before, as I'm not a "believer." But I really don't know what the object was. It was not really an orb and not really a diamond shape - something in between. It was so bright and pulsing, so difficult to determine exactly. I wish I'd thought to video with my iPhone, but I didn't, sorry.
