{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-02 19:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5479262.json","updb_database_id":5479262}
{nd} Black military chopper chasing UFO over Cumming Georgia

Friday night December 2nd, 2016, I was sitting in my hot tub out on my back patio. I was facing South towards the back of my house. 
 I heard the faint chop - chop- chop of a helicopter and just a few seconds after I heard the first "chop" I saw a red light (I assume it was a running light from the helicopter) in the sky emerge heading Southwest. This is a fairly common occurrence here as we see news and traffic choppers fairly often. 
 The chopper proceeded South for approximately 30 seconds. I didn't give it another thought and went back to enjoying the tub. Within another 30 seconds, I started hearing the chopper again but this time (even over the noise of the 6 HP tub jets) it was getting considerably louder. I leaned up and looked towards the sound and the red light was coming back towards my way on a North/Northeast heading and moving fast, very fast. 
 At this point the rotor chop was getting so incredibly loud, I reached over and turned the tub jets off because I couldn't believe what I was hearing and now feeling in my chest. The chop was so powerful that I then realized this has to be a military chopper. I couldn't see the chopper itself yet but I could see it's red running light (The only light visible) as it approached.
 A few seconds later, the chopper passed right in front of me just above treetop height. When it passed by, the chopper was completely black as in there were no lights emanating from the cabin, just the red running light.
 This is were it gets interesting... Just in front of the chopper, about 50 to 70 feet, was a tubular shaped glowing white object silently screaming by. I know it made no discernible noise simply because the chopper thump thump thump is intermittent. If this was a jet or a missile going that fast, I feel very confident it would have made a loud jet engine or rocket sound. It was silent.
 I reported this to MUFON because of the following reasons:
1. It was an extremely fast and powerful military style chopper
2. It was flying way below legal altitude (just above treetops)
3. It was obvious to me that the chopper was chasing something due to    it's very fast and erratic flight path
4. Right as it passed in front of my line of sight, I saw what it was chasing as decribed above.
5. When the chopper abruptly changed course, it was now coming towards me and did not have a white light coming out of the front of it.
6. And finally, because this all happened over a residential area.
