{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-06-01 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529262","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/262/mufon-5529262.json","updb_database_id":5529262}
Driving a Greyhiound bus, I came on a triangular ufo hovering 15' above the highway I was travelling at 4 am.

This happened many years ago, and I have always felt I should have reported the sighting then, but I have always tried to convince myself that what I witnessed was not unique.

I was a Greyhoung bus driver back then. This happened about 1993-1995. I was on a latenight run between Phoenix and Las Vegas. As i recall I had left Kingman and was travelling across the desert on a 2-lane highway that is very remote, thin, and a very windy roadway.

My wife was on this trip with me and she was aleep in the seat behind me. It was about 4am. I thought that all the passengers behind me were asleep. On these nighttime runs they usually are.

As i came up over a rise in the highway and began coming down the other side, I noticed up ahead and on the right side of the road 3 amber lights in a triangular shape. 2 lower and 1 about 15 feet above centered between the other two, like a pyramid (larger at the base).

The object(s) were hovering approx. 15' above the right side of the road. As I approached with the bus, I knew that the sight and configuration was unusual, but I kept approaching, trying to convince myself that I was seeing the rear end of a helicopter (that is the only way I could explain what I was seeing)

As we were about 30' from the object, it suddenly shot across the road in front of us and flew over next to a mountain, on the left. The object(s) accellerated from 0 to hundreds (perhaps thousands) of mph in a fraction of a second. I estimate the mountain that it shot over to to be 15 miles away and yet the object traversed the distance in (as I recall) a matter of 1 or 2 seconds.

I have never seen anything accellerate like this object did. 

As I said previously, I was trying to believe I was seeing a helicopter. The triangular lights did not turn, as a helicopter would, when they shot over next to the mountain. Then the lights just hovered over there!

I heard a voice from the front right seat. A passenger was awake and witnessed the same sight that I just had. He said. "What do you think we just saw?

All I could say was, "I don't know!" Neither of us mentioned our sighting again. I never thought to get his name. As I say, I never expected to see a UFO, I spent the susequent hours trying to convince myself it was conventional! Although it could not have been.

I find it very strange to this day that I did not wake my wife up. I will always chastise myself for not stopping that bus and waking my passengers to experience the UFO. I chastise myself for not talking further with the passenger that saw the UFO with me. I should have at least got his name.

Even stranger, we just kept on driving. The object(s) were still in sight, hovering next to that mountain until we drove out of sight.

I like to think that if I ever have a similar experience that I will investigate further. 

Subsequent to this trip, about a year and a half later, I was pulling the same duty from Phoenix to Las Vegas. Same roads, I knew them well. When I arrived in Las Vegas and reported to dispatch, they asked why I was so late. Somehow the trip had taken a 1 1/2 hours longer than usual. I can't explain it. And furthermore, I remember not being too concerned about it.
