{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5484889.json","updb_database_id":5484889}
{jpg} Very bright blue glowing object moving fast in the sky.

I was just about to hit Snoqualmie Pass on my way to Seattle for a trip with my girlfriend and her little brother and sister. We were just about done on the pass coming into Seattle. We were all laughing having a good time listening to the radio when i turned to my right to look outside the passenger side window. As soon as i turned my head to look i saw a blue glowing object far off in the distance. I studied this object for a good five or ten seconds before this thing started to move very vast towards my general direction. As it came closer it started to grow and became a very bright blue glow. Finally it just zoomed way up over the top of the car at high speed and i lost it. It was just a perfect orb that emitted a soft glow at first, but as soon as it started moving it increased in size and the color become much much more brighter and more vivid. It hurt my eyes so bad, it was like looking into a welding arc. My ears were ringing very bad, and it was like i was paralyzed and stuck to my seat. I sat in silence for the longest time, and tried to process what i just saw. I felt so many emotions running through me. As soon as i calmed down i told my girlfriend what i just saw, and no-one in the car besides me saw a single thing. After i had finished telling everyone what i had saw, i all of a sudden became very very sleepy. I slept for a solid 15-20 min before we came to our hotel. I talked more about it with my girlfriend later on in the night so that i wouldn't frighten the kids. I still think about this alot and have had a few dreams with the exact same orb flying through the sky. Whatever i saw on that day seemed unreal, like something out of a movie. But all i know is that whatever it was that i saw changed me for the better. I've never felt emotion and feelings run through me so wildly before. What i saw that day was simply amazing....
