{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-20 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5477889.json","updb_database_id":5477889}
{rjl} Stationary object seen opposite sun from car during drive home from work.

4:45 pm, was travelling west on PA Route 44,aka White Hall Road on that section between Jerseytown and Exchange. Around the intersection of School House Road,I noticed a bright ball in the sky to my right, high in the sky but level with the setting sun (one hour from sunset?) framed right if center in my windshield. The sun was ahead and to my left. The object looked like it was reflecting the sunlight, it was very bright in the clear sky. 

I watched while I drove and finally pulled over at a State Game Land parking area, at the intersection of Ants Hill Road, hoping to get a picture. I was lower than the main road and trees were blocking the object, so no picture. I got back on 44. I lost the object briefly, not sure if it moved or my angle was bad, then it was visible again. I was looking for a safe place to pull over, but it's all farm land with ditches on the side of the road. 

Lost object again, road was turning more SW and object was, presumably, behind me. Pulled over at church next to public swimming pool in Exchange, got out of vehicle. Couldn't see object.

At the intersection of Rt. 44 and Rt. 54, noticed multiple double exhaust trails in the sky to the SE. I turned right onto west 54. Pulled into the Turbotville grocery store and got out again. I looked up and directly above me was a fighter plane giving off a double exhaust trail. It was high up but I could make out the wings and shape.

Had I originally seen this or another plane either head on or tail on so as to appear motionless? Or was this plane over the store investigating something unknown in the sky? Or was it merely a drone surveying farmland and I misjudged the distance? I don't know what I saw.
