{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-05 18:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62489","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5496889.json","updb_database_id":5496889}
{nd} Flying Triangle near Lake Jacomo

On the evening of January 5, 2015, at about 6:12 pm, I noticed a very bright light with many rays that were pulsing as it stayed bright and moved in a southwesterly direction. It continued to travel in that direction while I was on Woods Chapel Road heading west toward Highway 291.  It seemed to have continued in the distance and then I lost sight briefly until I was nearing the intersection of Todd George Rd. 

Now I saw what initially appeared to be two bright car lights (horizontal to each other) from off in the distance down Todd George as I looked in a southerly direction. But as the lights neared, they seemed to just float at about 451 angle from the horizon, somewhere between a 1 mile and 1 a mile away to the south. I had to stop watching as the stoplight turned and proceeded to cross the bridge so that I could get onto Highway 291 and travel south toward the heart of Lee1s Summit.

When I was in my lane on 291, I noticed the two lights had followed and were also travelling in a southerly direction. But now the two lights were vertical to each other. They were 1 a mile away I was later to note. They were at an angle of about 351 from the horizon. Then the two lights had become three as I realized I had seen the edge of a triangle because the third light had raised up from behind the other two lights.  

The triangle was very clear and in fact had faint lighted red lines that connected the bright corner lights. Then the triangle would shift in the air, moving to a side-on plane, and then move again with the triangle fully obvious.  It seemed to make these changes each time that I would look at them. But of course I had to keep my eyes on the highway. The triangle was about 71 or arc in size.

The triangle followed my direction of travel in a parallel path to mine, but finally stopped near Colbern Road as I crossed it. It hovered in the air for a while as I continued on, but then I lost sight of it as I continued on my path.  I was very sorry that I had not been able to photograph this. It was truly spectacular!.

As with my May 1, 2014 sighting and June 19 sightings of triangular craft, this stayed in the same approximate area as those triangles. Always, it shunned developed areas and stayed basically in the Lake Jacomo area with the deviation to Todd George in that large uninhabited area. There is a chance that the two lights were the same craft. In fact, they seem to intersect at the bottom of the map.

Due to the angle of incidence of 351 and knowing the distance from Highway 291 to Todd George Road, I can calculate the height of the craft, and even its approximate size.  It was about 1800 feet altitude, and the size was about 230 feet from base to top of the triangle.
