{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-07 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2224,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5286889.json","updb_database_id":5286889}
Flash of bright white light over Manchester

After watching the Man City v Man United match that finished at around 6:30pm. I took our dog for her walk. I would say the time was around 7:30 to 7:45pm. Maybe 8pm. As I was walking on Balmain Ave, Davyhulme, Manchester towards Bowers Ave in a westerly direction I glanced up over the houses on Balmain in a southerly direction and saw a flash of brilliant white light appear in front of my eyes, streak across the sky and then simply disappear but not behind any tree line or house roof. It simply appeared and disappeared. I would estimate the height although it would be impossible to say with any certainty that it was around 1-2km above the ground. It was well below the usual height of clouds. The sky was brilliantly clear and no cloud cover to speak of. The white light left a light trail as it streaked across the sky. Which disappeared instantaneously. It did not deviate from its course so did not change direction. No craft shape was visible. The white light was bright enough to light the sky around it. I would say it was visible in total for around 0.5-1 second. If I had to guess as to it’s speed I would say it was well over 1000mph. It made no noise. It was travelling far too quickly to be a conventional craft with a jet engine. Notwithstanding it simply appeared and disappeared which a conventional craft simply would not do. I guess the closest explanation might be a meteor or suchlike. I would say not, as the light was too low, simply disappeared (which a meteor would not do) and was far too bright in the sky. It was in the truest sense Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
