{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72800","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3390,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5486889.json","updb_database_id":5486889}
{rjl} 2 different sightings witnessed within 60secs. First at high altitude at impossible speed. Second at low altitude, normal speed, shape was chevron, no lights or sound, very stealth like.

***I doubt my report will be of any valuable information, nor do I believe in extraterrestrial visitation. I am extremely scientific and logical but i feel it is worth being told as I have harbored an uneasy feeling since the sighting.

In late October of 2015, a friend and I were walking towards a familiar park at approximately 12am to play frisby. My friend had just purchased a fairly powerful green laser pointer and we were pointing at stars and planets in the night sky. Almost immediately upon our arrival to the park, we spotted a single white light traveling directly overhead at about 901 at what seemed a very high altitude and a rate of speed that did not seem possible. My first thought was a meteorite, however the light followed a straight SW course over the mountains and out of sight. It covered the entire breadth of the sky in roughly 3 seconds. This single sighting had us veey excited and we scanned the sky even more intensely probably out of a heightened sense of paranoia. About 30-40 seconds after the single bright light was out of sight, we both spotted an extremely bizarre aircraft that had no lights, sound, trail and moved at what seemed to be a standard speed for modern planes. It travelled the identical SW course until we lost sight of it. I would estimate its altitude to be around 3000-4000 feet and blended into the dark sky reasonably well.

The second craft can be explained most likely as a military stealth plane and I would think it to be coincidental that we spotted it heading the same direction as the first. The difference in speed and elevation between the two objects was substantial.

The first object, a single white light I would think was a heat shield that was producing the light. Although it was so far away we couldnt make out a shape, the speed alone is the most frightening part. It was as fast as the fastest meteorites I have ever witnessed only it followed a perfectly straight course over the mountains and out of sight.

Again, I have no reason to believe either object was extraterrestrial, but simply cannot grasp how humans have developed a craft that rivals the speed of the fastest meteorites within our atmosphere.

I should also note that my friend tried to reflect his laser off of the second, lower object and no light was reflected. Im quite sure it would have reflected the green light if it was within a mile or two as we have tested the laser in the mountains, proving it can be seen from several miles.
