{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-14 10:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5289889.json","updb_database_id":5289889}
Bright objects over Altadena Jan14-16

Thursday Jan 14. Clear skies and the beginning of Santa Ana wind conditions in the area. I was working in my garden when a raven landed on the fence and began chattering at me. As I began to pay attention to it, the bird flew closer and landed in a palm at the edge of the yard. It continued to draw my attention but changed its gaze from me to the sky above my head. When I looked up to see what caught its attention I expected to see another bird but instead there were two glowing objects of different shape and size. One was small and had an occasionally dark center/bottom though it appeared highly reflective on the top and did not appear to hold a consistent form. Sometimes it was a large white sphere, sometimes it would divide into multiple orbs which tended to split out of the top and bottom poles but sometimes there were smaller flashes off the sides. As these white orbs would be emitted the round reflective edges around the object would blur or sharpen, despite its luminosity. When it was not reflecting or emitting light from the bottom it tended to look somewhat geometric with edges brighter than the flat surfaces. The second object was either much larger or that much closer though it did not have clear edges and it was hard to distinguish what it was. It appeared to be a glowing pink, orange and red orb with a brilliantly bright tail. Both objects appeared to be not much higher than the top of old oak tree and directly above me. Ive never seen anything so bright. I don’t know how long I stood still and when I look back on that morning, don’t remember much before the raven and think the experience put me in a state of shock as my mind did not know what to do or if I was in danger. Not that I felt threatened, rather it simply never occurred to me that I should move or that there was anywhere I could go. As quickly as I remembered to breathe again I resolved to move my body and grab a camera. When i ran grabbed my phone and got back to my position the rosy orb with the tail was gone but the other dish washer sized object was in the exact same position but higher up. It’s brightness made it difficult to observe and to photo. I took several videos as the object began to move up and to the wnw. I observed it for around 20 minutes before my girlfriend, a teacher working from home, went on break- I grabbed her to show her before it disappeared over the horizon towards La Cañada. She did not see it as closely as I did but we agreed that if it was a balloon it would probably be blowing south/southwest with the Santa Ana’s. For the rest of the day I began to try to figure out what I saw by watching my blurry video and went to bed discouraged. 

When I woke up the next day, Jan 15, I had a lot of gardening I had been too distracted to finish the day earlier so I went out early, around 6:30am. As the sun came up and the clock struck 8am I had a feeling that I should look up and there was another object in the exact same place almost directly over head exactly 22 hours later. This one appeared appeared to be the same size and odd shapes, mostly bright and reflective with a dark flat colored side that appeared to be rotating quickly and maintained a lower altitude before moving northwest up the mountain towards the national forest and JPL.

By the third day I was beginning to wonder if the bright objects would be back again so naturally, I found something to do in the garden. Through the late morning and early afternoon there was a large amount of air traffic in the sky. There were gliders, plenty of private and commercial craft as well as the sheriffs department serving warrants via helicopter throughout the neighborhood around noon. Shortly after 1pm I looked up towards the horizon above the mountains and I observed what appeared to be another hovering glowing object. This time further away but similarly bright. The object remained in a near fixed position. Over time it would appear to be moving northward. When clouds would pass behind it, its brightness was still easy to see though it would occasionally dim and brighten. I asked my girlfriend what she thought it was and she said she didn’t know. It may have been eye strain but the experience appeared to make her uncomfortable. When I would look closely with my naked eye it appeared to have two small black dots orbiting around its sides. After a short period of time one of the aircraft overhead was possibly military, judging its size and triangular wing shape, and it seemed to be at roughly the same altitude as the hovering object. Over a period of around 10 minutes the jet made multiple circles to pass the object at relatively close proximity. When the approaching aircraft would get closer to the object, the object would appear to brighten. This happened four or five times before the object continued north more quickly and seemed to gain elevation before disappearing. I’m hoping that whoever was in that jet had a camera or that there is some way to identify what I saw.
