{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-02-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13738","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5547889.json","updb_database_id":5547889}
I saw a huge dark triangular shape with red non-blinking lights gliding silently over the treetops.

I am a hospice RN and at the time of my sighting I was an on-call home visit RN, coming home from making a home visit on the east side of Cleveland, OH. It was in February, 2007 at approximately 2-2:30 a.m. 

There was snow on the ground and I remember bright conditions, like moonlight reflecting off the snow making the night seem lighter than normal for that time of night. I was driving south on I-77, just north of the Pleasant Valley Road exit. My car window was cracked open because I am a smoker and I was flicking ashes out the window. I had the car radio on, but it was not turned up loud and there was no music on---my habit at that time of night was to listen to talk radio. 

There were not many cars on the highway with me and I do not remember any cars near me traveling in my direction close to me. I was focused up ahead as I was nearing the exit. There were fairly dense trees to my right off the road. I sensed movement overhead and looked up through my front windshield and just slightly to my right.

I saw a huge dark triangular shape with red non-blinking lights gliding silently over the treetops, traveling north but almost as if it were following I-77 northbound (but next to the southbound lanes). (My memory is a little fuzzy about the color of the lights---at times I see red lights in my memory, and at times I see white lights). It was not directly overhead, but no more than maybe 20-30 feet to my right. I could clearly see the outline of the craft and remember thinking it was not an airplane. I also made note of the fact that the lights were solid and not blinking. I put my window all the way down and could not hear anything---it was completely silent. I estimate the craft to be about 100 yards across at the widest part. It was clearly outlined against the moonlit sky. It did not look metallic from my angle; I had the sense that it was black.

I turned my attention to the road ahead and drove as quickly as I could to the curving exit ramp. As I came around the curve of the ramp, I was going to end up facing north. I looked in the direction I had seen the craft and (as large as it was) I expected to see the back end of it. I could not locate the craft again and assumed the tree tops were in my way. 

I looked in the paper and online after my sighting, hoping to see reports of other sightings, but I found nothing. For a long time I just felt satisfied that I knew what I saw and it was nothing I had ever seen. After almost 2 years, I1ve decided I want to report my sighting to SOMEONE just so my sighting is documented somewhere. I1m not saying it was extraterrestrial, but it definitely was a UFO because I could not identify it, it was definitely flying, and it was an object. Could it have been a stealth bomber? My instincts tell me that a stealth bomber is not 100 yards wide, but I have no idea.
