{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44363","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5513889.json","updb_database_id":5513889}
{cak} Bright white lights that formed a perfect tiangle. It would be visiable then disappear at different times.

around 7pm 12/5/12 I was driving home from work a twenty min drive south off of IL. state rt 97 from Petersburg,IL. a calm clear star field sky night. i noticed in my peripheral vision just north west in the skyline what appeared to be a very bright star then it looked like it burnt out falling in a northwestern fall. I thought cool I just seen a star burn out then thought nothing else of it. within a few minutes i seen the brightness again wondering if there was a meteor shower, but as i still watched the sky in the northwest hemisphere what I thought was a star emitted a triangle of bright white light high in the sky!!! I almost ran off the road! In fact I was in the opposite driving lane! I wasnt scared it intrigued me I dint believe what I was seeing! it didn't seem to be moving fast but kept just north west of me. Almost like a hover. I was excited as I made my way into Kilbourne IL. which is where I live. as I made a left hand turn onto Elm street the triangle of lights appeared again still high in the sky to the north west. 
 my husband called asking where i was and I told him just a couple blocks from our house and I was telling him what I had seen. I thought he was joking or making fun of me but he told me to stay in the car and we would take a short drive to see if we could spot it again but we didn't. After we returned home I posted about my experience on Facebook and had several people commenting on my post about seeing the same thing that I did from areas north of where we live about an hour away in Banner, as well as Lewistown IL,Havana IL ,Chandlerville IL, as well as Canton IL. All the people were saying they were seeing bright lights like a star at first that then appeared to them as it did me as a triangle in the sky! I did call 911 whome I don't think they believed me and no one else had called in with reports as of yet. My husband was still excited about my seeing this object that he and our son took off in our car for about anothr hour to hour and a half and my husband said he tracked it by chandlerville il south west of out town about a half hour drive away same as I described then it disappeared. He decided it was time to head back home so as he was traveling northeast home it appeared high in the sky in front of him again but he said it was to the north east. he had followed it all the way home and he said it kept changing its direction. My husband Ben said it disappeared again as he was coming into kilbourne, IL and he didn't see it again in the north west region of the sky and that was about 9pm
