{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-09-15 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528889","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2349,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/889/mufon-5528889.json","updb_database_id":5528889}
Three triangle shaped objects following behind military aircraft

The UFO event described below occurred during the time immediately following the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, when only military aircraft were allowed in US airspace.

It was late afternoon, I was alone in my truck on my way home from work. I was stopped at a traffic signal, about a mile from home, when I noticed a plane flying in a south eastwardly direction. Air traffic is not unusual in my area, but this was the immediate post 911 time frame and only military aircraft were flying, so I took note and watched the jet as I waited for the traffic light to turn green. Suddenly, three tri-angle shaped flying objects appeared at the rear of the plane. I can1t say exactly which direction they came from because I was looking at the plane, but they seemed to come out of the east, at an altitude lower than that of the plane. The objects were grouped in a tri-angular formation, I thought for a moment there might be only one object, but because the sky was visible through the center of the grouping, I realize there were actually three separate flying objects. As they follow behind the military jet, they move up, down and left to right in unison and then hovered motionless for a few seconds. The three aircraft then followed directly behind the plane for a few more seconds before they dropped in altitude and shot off to the east so rapidly, that they vanished in a matter of a couple seconds. Gone! 
Continuing on my way home, I realized that I had witnessed a UFO sighting. I wondered what it was all about. What were the UFO1s looking for? Were they protecting our airspace? Were they working with our military? All questions I knew would never be answered.
