{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-09-25 06:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60321","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5498838.json","updb_database_id":5498838}
{cak} Early morning while on the way to work.

This has been a long time ago but I just wanted to tell the story. I have told it before but most seem not to believe it. My mother and I were on our way to work. She was driving. We were in a small VW beetle. We worked in a factory about 25 miles from where we lived in another co. We had to be at work at 7:00 a.m. so we usually left home about an hour or so before in order to get there on time and to sit in the break room for awhile so mom could have some coffee. We were probably about 1-2 miles or so from work. We were on a flat straight area of road. All of a sudden I saw two strange looking objects from my side of the car. What I saw were 2 top shaped objects hovering over the small transformer station that powered the factory. I remember a row of colored lights going around about the middle and seemed to be either rotating or flashing in sequence to the left while the bottom seemed to be spinning to the right. I didn't get a very long look at them because I yelled to mom pull over, pull over! By this time she had seen them too. As soon as we pulled over they took off in a shot! I couldn't believe it. We had just seen a ufo. I'd always been interested in ufos, the paranormal etc. Now what makes this really interesting is after we got to work (we were telling everybody) 2 other ladies from where we lived and also worked at the same factory came in all excited saying they had just seen a ufo at the same place. So they came back after me and my mom left. It never really dawned on me till years later. Was that why when there were a couple of times when we got to work that they had sent us home because the transformer was out? My mom and I watched the skies after that. There was another time in 1975 but that is different than this incident.
