{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-24 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36905","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5519838.json","updb_database_id":5519838}
10+ orange-red lights (orbs) traveled same direction/path as ea other headed SE, 1 after another like planes on a flight path-They were not planes, or copters (no noise), they just kept appearing for 10+ min.

The evening of March 24th, [item moved/CMS/nd] both my husband and I saw numerous orange-red lights (glowing orbs) traveling in the same general direction/path as each other heading south-east, one after another like planes on a flight path. They definitely were not planes, or helicopters (no noise or blinking or flashing lights), and they just kept coming. My husband had time to call me to come and for me to find my shoes and go out to our front yard to watch. I saw 5, but he saw more. 

It was around 9:30 to 10:00 pm and my husband had been outside to check on our septic tank which has been giving us problems. He happened to look in the sky, since we and our kids have been watching the two planets lately, and he saw a number of orange lights "flying" - coming from the north and heading south-east. We have lived in the same location [item moved/CMS/nd] and know the flight paths of the planes - this was not one of them. He thought it was odd since their color was also not like an airplanes lights, and they werent really close to one another, but he could tell they were all similar, one after another. He watched for a while (possibly a few minutes) and then came into the house to get me. When I had located my shoes, and came outside, looking north I immediately saw one of the orange-red lights since it was pretty bright, but he directed me to look east, where there were 4 more moving south. They were individual lights - not all part of one object, and they seemed far away to me, although my husband thought they were like the height of what a helicopter would be. I could tell they werent traveling extremely fast, since I watched for a few minutes and the last one (which was the first one I had noticed to the north) could still be seen. They also were not directly overhead, as we had to look east to see them. My husband expected more to come from the north, since he had already seen so many, one after another, but there were no more - he didn't keep count of how many he saw. I myself saw 5 in total, and thought they were almost a pink color, although my husband decribed them as orange - and they were not flashing on and off and there were no other colors of light. I thought perhaps they were some military aircraft or something, but it was out of the ordinary and we didn't hear any sound from an aircraft. I wanted my husband to video tape them or take a photo, but he didn't. Later, after he looked up on the internet and saw that other people have seen similar things, he wished he had.  

Each of the lights or glowing orbs were round in shape, and from where we could see them, were about as large or a little larger as the largest star or planet in the sky - it was a clear night. Each was an orange-red color, and quite bright. We couldnt see anything else of them except the glowing roundness. They were all on the same "flight path" - one after another but we could tell they werent part of the same "craft", they were individual "crafts", and werent exactly in line, but were pretty close to being in line. There were quite a few of them - maybe 20 or more - but by the time I saw them 5 could still be seen and there were no more coming from the north.

Relative size - each light was about two or three handwidths away from the next light, and each light was about the width of one of my fingers, maybe 1/2 an inch. They seemed far away, and we could only see the lights, not the objects so I have no idea what the actual size was.

It was not natural like a star or planet - they were definately air "craft" of some sort, although since we only saw the lights of them that is just an assumption, moving across the sky not overly fast, but at a good speed. They just "flew" until we could see them no longer in the distance.

Both of us have been checking the skies in the evening to see if we see something similar again - but not as of yet. We have never seen anything like it.

Since UFO stands for Unidentified Flying Object that does describe what these were, however that doesnt mean I think they were "alien" (from another planet). I do believe that many of the undentified things and happenings in this world could be spiritual beings, or "principalities" manifesting themselves, that the Bible talks about. We normally only see the physical things - but there are other "dimensions" to life. The comforting thing is knowing that God is in control and He has already told us how things will end up - for those who trust in His Son, and for those who don't.
