{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-22 10:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5528838.json","updb_database_id":5528838}
Silver orb circling and moving up and down.

I went out the backdoor of my work place to partake of a 1Class A1 tobacco product. Adults from my class were also outside but they did not notice anything as they were busy talking. I watch the sky when I go outside, so I noticed the object. I am a MUFON member.

At first I thought it was a bird as it was making slow circles in a North 1 East 1 South 1 West - North pattern, but then the object 1shined1 and looked metallic, so I thought maybe it was a balloon. Then the object would stop, and then would move up and down. Then it started to make circular up and down movements, or make triangular up and down movements.

As the clouds moved, I realized that this object was very high in the air 1 too high for a helicopter, perhaps. There was no sound and the object appeared to be graceful. Eventually the object moved in a straight line to the South East and went into a cloud. The cloud was 1wispy/misty1 so it was easy to see through the cloud. The object continued to move in a South East direction and disappeared.

As the object was moving in a straight line my co-worker came outside and I pointed it out to her. She could not see it at first because the object was so high in the air, and small, but as she noticed it so did one of the Adults (a male) from my class. He immediately dismissed the object as a balloon, but he had not been watching the object move in directions a balloon probably would not move.

My co-worker watched it for about a minute before it moved through the wispy cloud and vanished. I wanted to stay outside and watch but needed to return to work. I thought about it all day, and again today. I didn1t feel fear, but I was excited to see something different/unusual/1unidentified.1 I guess my emotion was curiosity/mystery. My reaction was to not take my eye off the object, which I did not; however, the object was so high in the air that I was starting to see double, so I would close one eye to confirm that the object had not split into two. I did this periodically if I thought I was seeing two objects and it always would remain as one object when I closed one eye. Unfortunately, my trigonometry/geometry blows, so I can1t even guess at a triangulation for distance/elevation.

If you desire to contact me, please use my home AND work email address, or the phone number I included.
