{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-11-01 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5527838.json","updb_database_id":5527838}
While looking for Trespasser on property (Hunters) came up on 3 types of different Alien beings. I turned around and the next thing It was night time, I had missing time.

I was working on a large 160 acre farm in Pendleton County, KY. I had several duties. On this day in question I was eating lunch and a local friend stop bye to say that he had saw some hunters sneaking on to the property, I told him that I would let them get settled down and after my lunch I would go out and round them up. So I finished lunch got my gun and started walking down the fence row my plan was to cut into the woods and sneak up on them. I had been out there around 45 mins to an hour and as I was making my way though the woods suddenly something step out from behind a tree. I yelled friend or foe and point my gun at it. I couldn't believe my eyes there standing in front of me and my gun was a 3 and 1/2 foot tall gray being, suddenly I had the thought that it was talking to me though my mind, I had the felling that it was a young female and it was scared and telling me it was going to run up a little knoll, just then it took off running up that knoll. I followed it with my gun barrel as it reach the top of the hill there was a flash of light and a door way opened up out of no where. It was about 4 ft wide and probably 8 ft tall It was brightly light inside and I could see the little being standing in it, now it looked like it was wearing a tight black suit of some sort. Suddenly out of the corner of my left eye, I see what looked like something was running toward me I wheeled around and right in front of me was a lizard like man about 5 to 6 ft tall and he was holding a long staff like thing in one hand, His face was more insect looking to me though, and it had dark blue eyes. Again I caught the feeling that it was the little females father, or guard. Okay I know this sound weird but just then to my right there was a 7ft or 8 ft brown hairy Bigfoot creature just standing there. I didn't hear him speak but I did hear in my mind NO! don't hurt Him. Just then the lizard looking one, looked right at me and his eyes changed right in front of me to a yellowish gold. I turn to run and when I did. I was just standing there in the dark in the woods, yes it was night time. I stood there in shock for a moment trying to collect myself. I looked around and I was alone. I started my walk out of there. Back to the farm house, when I got back there was another farm hand that said where have you been we thought you got lost. I didn't say a thing. I come forth now, because I have tried to live with this for years, but recently I was watching TV the History Channel show Ancient Aliens and saw something that looked like the lizard man on the TV.
It brought back memories of that day and I started having dreams again and thinking strange thoughts like, could that have be a portal I saw the little one go into? Are they interdenominational? or time travelers?, is this why no one finds Bigfoot bones? and so on, also I'm having dreams about our future. I need to know what happened to me, out there that day. So I come to you for help.
