{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-22 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5487838.json","updb_database_id":5487838}
{rjl} Random flashing (colored) star 'cluster' with lower (in sky) accompanying intermittent sudden bright white flash (starlike). Flashing 'star' very bright!

At approximately 9.35pm October 22nd 2015 I heard my girlfriend calling me urgently from upstairs in our home. I went up to meet her standing on the balcony of the top floor bedroom looking out and up into the night sky. She pointed off to the south below the bright moon that was there then gestured
somewhere into the usual Los Angeles atmospheric murk that obscures most stars e.t.c and said "look ..up there..keep watching...something is blinking...then it will suddenly flash somewhere just below it like a camera flash after the 'other' thing blinks!"
She seems disturbed by whatever it was she was seeing. I followed her hands direction and peered into the night sky. Within less than a minute I also observed what she was describing.At about an angle of 35 degrees or so off the horizon..halfway between the moon's height in the sky and the Hollywood hills barely visible to the south...and just left of the moon as viewed from our vantage point...there was a sudden 'twinkling' of light. This I would describe as lasting perhaps a second or more and at first I took to be an aircraft's navigational lights. Upon further observation (later as it repeated this same action) I noticed the light/lights were not moving. The light/lights seemed very far off and high.Barely visible next to the nearest bright star It also appeared to be a tiny 'cluster' of lights and to me had various colors in those tiny lights ranging from reds to blue's and white...possibly more.There seemed to be a 'set pattern' to the blinks as it occurred once again leading me to suspect it was an aircraft.It still did not move. The light'lights would then just as suddenly disappear.Then after these lights would twinkle...just as my girlfriend predicted, the other sudden 'flash' of light (possibly 5-10 degrees lower in the sky and somewhat close to the original object) would occur. It's light was exactly as described...a sudden bright white flash brighter than any of the brightest stars (much so) and oddly like a 'star filter' was being used as per movies often use. It also lasted momentarily longer than a camera flash. This 'twinkle..then flash' repeated itself perhaps three times while I observed it and perhaps the same when my girlfriend observed it. This lasted possibly 15 minutes or so in total then no more...we thought we could barley see the 'twinkle' cluster for an amount of time after but then lost it completely..after another 10 minutes or more and went back inside.
It did not appear to move position the whole time.
I pondered later whether it truly was just a staionary arcraft of some sort but could not fathom what the accompanying much lower 'flash' light might have been.
