{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-26 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5490838.json","updb_database_id":5490838}
{jpg} Triangular shaped craft with three lights at points heading directly north to south. Silent.

I and my ex-girlfriend were stargazing the night after thanksgiving on Friday, November 26th 2010. It was around 10:30pm. It was in St. Tammany Parish in Louisiana.

I have been an amateur astronomer for about 25 years so I am familiar with constellations, standard aircraft that can be confused with astronomical objects, and identifying satellites from aircraft and stars.

Around 10:30pm we were sitting in lawn chairs with all of the lights turned off outside and had been sitting there from about 30-45 minutes so we had our night vision. We were looking up when we saw a black triangular craft, I say triangular because the three points of light which were white and steady existed at all three corners like a perfect pyramid facing south. The craft made no sound at all. It was much higher that conventional aircraft which make noise, have blinking aerial lights and move generally in an arc across the sky. This was steady and moved very fast. We noticed it when it was directly overhead at about a 90 degree angle. We followed it down to about 30 degrees above the horizon when it was lost in the trees from our point of view. It was not a satellite as it was not high enough for that, nor was it a conventional aircraft as it had none of the regular lights. It was very high above the ground and it was moving extremely fast to be covering great distances at the speed it was traveling. Given its speed, and height I also must conclude that it was quite large (over 100 feet in diameter) to be a visible as it was.

There was very little directly south of our location in St. Tammany parish. Only the Caribbean ocean was directly south, as at its speed it could not possibly have slowed down or prepared to land in New Orleans like a conventional aircraft.
