{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-11 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54045","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5504838.json","updb_database_id":5504838}
{cak} Star like object moves, then hovers, then moves again

I was at work looking out my window on the second floor of the building in Culver City. The sky was very clear and sunny (no smog) and there were some small puffy clouds. As I looked out the window a light caught the corner of my eye. As I looked, I saw a small, starlike object that seemed to be hovering there towards the east. It was around 2:30 in the afternoon and could not be a star. I tried my hardest to keep the small object in my focus. It stayed still, hovered for a time (probably a few minutes) before the object started to move towards the south. It must have been low in altitude, because I could still see it plainly in front of the white puffy clouds it passed in front of. The clouds, I am sure, were fairly low in altitude as well. It moved slowly at first but seemed to gain speed as it moved. Its movement was very slow. Then, just a sudden as it started to move it stopped and hovered again. It hovered again for about a couple of minutes, then began to move in the same southerly direction at about the same speed that it was moving before. It moved slowly for about another 5 minutes before I lost sight of the object towards the south east after it passed behind some trees in the parking lot. I went outside to have a cigarette after this and looked in that general direction again but I could not find it again. My office is close to LAX and we see airplanes all the time in the area, but this was not an airplane. Most of the planes that fly over fly east to west or vice versa and are quite low, since they are preparing to land at nearby LAX. The object, like I said flew from north to south. It had no wings nor made any sound, was low enough it passed in front of the low clouds, and appeared just like a small star. It did seem to get brighter as it moved, but when it stopped, it began to get dimmer.
