{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5526838.json","updb_database_id":5526838}
Seven + star-like UFO's bobbing and weaving around the sky

At around 10:45 Pm I was standing on my patio looking north-west towards Orland CA. (I have used Google earth to identify cardinal directions of the various objects). I saw what appeared to be a star, low to the horizon and just above the roofline of a house across the street, with a subtle red blinking/twinkling emanating from it. I watched the object because the light looks somewhat artificial, but it was a very subtle difference between the stars and the object I was observing. After a few seconds fixing my viewpoint to a roof line and a fence slat to make sure it was the object moving and not me projecting my own slight head movements to the object. The object began moving slowly west, then suddenly changed direction and moved very smoothly to the east. It then did some short zig-zag motions that looked very odd and convinced me I was seeing a UFO and not a plane or helicopter or various other normal phenomenon. 

At this point I went inside, grabbed a friend and drug her outside to get a corroborating witness. She clearly saw what I was seeing. I made a couple of phone calls to family who live about 20 miles to the eat in the foothills and let them know the event was happening. I then got my camcorder and got in the car with my friend. We drove north on highway 32/NORD ave. for about 1 mile, and turned left on to MUIR Ave. There was a large field on the left, and orchard on the right. We parked along the Orchard and got out, and were immediately able to spot the star-like UFO making slow, subtle movements in irregular patterns about 45-60 degrees above the horizon to the north-west. We watched it for several minutes, and then I noticed another one to the west at approximately the same position relative to the horizon. 

The objects were both moving in VERY strange fashion. They would slowly move in any direction for short distances, they would halt, stutter forward, bob up and down and weave about in very short spurts. The movement was odd to witness. I would describe the bobbing movements as close to what a fishing-bobber lure looks like when riding small waves or ripples. It was very fluid and quick at times, and then slow and more deliberate at others. 

After turning around and facing the field on the other side of the road, I began scanning the skies for other bright star-like objects. They became immediately apparent now that I had an idea of which "stars" to focus on. I mainly was able to identify them at a glance by their brighter light. I counted six of them in the period of 10 minutes, and noticed at least one more after watching for over half an hour, making the total seen and observed at seven. There easily could have been more, but it was hard to focus on one or two, let alone follow seven of them. 

I should mention that the two almost directly above me looked yellow/amber in color, while the bright one to the north-east I spent most of my time watching was a white/blue color, much like the color of the north star, but with a slight tinge of blue. This particular object did some fantastic "dancing" in the sky, making zig-zag patterns, bouncing, zipping downwards and upwards, and all kinds of various fun movements. At one point, it "dimmed" its light very quickly and then brought them back on. 

I tried recording for a good while with my camcorder (actually my friends camcorder, and neither of us could do anything with the settings but hit "record" due to both of us being unfamiliar with what settings to use on the camera in dark conditions). I placed the camcorder on the roof of the car and rested it towards the lowest-flying UFO that was a few degrees above the south-eastern treeline. It was white with red twinkling. (Note: I looked at the video, and on my monitor, it just looks black. I do not think there was enough light for the camera to pick up the objects, though I would be interested to know if there is image processing that can be done to see very dim objects.)

I made several phone calls to people, including my sister, who stepped outside and immediately saw the objects moving about. She drove out to where I was, and we watched them together. I phoned another friend who also went outside with her husband and saw them. The current total witness tally is 5 people.

We left the field to go home at approximately 12:15-12:30 AM. All of the observed UFO's were still in the sky and in the same relative fixed areas they stayed in the whole time. 

At 2:30AM I could see a UFO out my window as I fell asleep. I watched it for ten or fifteen minutes. It stayed between two fixed stars, and it would move upwards and downwards in slow, smooth motions, and would sometimes do small zig zags much like a a glowing fly or a lightning bug. Very strange to watch the movements, as they do not resemble any sort of known aerial object I have ever seen before. 

To sum it up:

1. The objects looked like bright stars, had subtle color variations, and moved in ways not possible with known aerial craft or phenomenon. 

2. They were in the sky in fixed areas (like they had there own "sections" they had to stay in) for over three hours during the period I observed them. They were there at 2:45AM when I finally fell asleep. 

3. No sound was audible. 

4. Multiple witnesses saw them from multiple vantage points.
