{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-27 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65666","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5493838.json","updb_database_id":5493838}
{rjl} Top of penthouse noticed lights showed my friend and we observed the craft come down from radio tower i pointed to, it gave us a show like it heard me. It hovered eyel level to give us a look then took off over water disappeared at myrtle beach

We were on vacation with penthouse view when I noticed something weird about the lights on top of the radio tower at garden city next to the pier. King fisher Inn is right there. Called my fried onto the deck and pointed and spoke about the unusual lights. She was convinced it was just a tower but I arged that wasn't there yesterday...about that time it took off from the tower as if it heard me and came eye level with us across the balcony and over the ocean shoreline where it stayed for a minute as if to give us a good look. I told my friend there is no known aircraft that can do this, this is new technology. No emissions or disturbance of air anywhere around the parked in mid air craft! It looked like the top of a batmobil with stealth craft coloring...dark grey but slick! Like the car, you could see the lines in the craft like foe wings that did not extend out like wings, it was....built in looking, like the top of batmans car lol! 
This thing showed us like a personal performance just for us then took off over the water to myrtle beach, it reached in a second and then disappeared from my field of vision. I never heard of you and started watching shows that mentioned you and decided to report. It may have been an alien craft that I saw but that had to be a smart ass man parked on top of that tower with a hey..watch this, we can hide in plain sight if it were not for the woman on that balcony pointing! I never moved away to grab any video, I was afraid if I moved aggressively I would miss out on a truly remarkable experience. It knew I wasnt afraid and I would swear it heard me! Now that's a show at the beach and I'm going back this year and hunting for them! We must have this technology, I would also swear that was a mortal man pilot although I could not see anything in those 2 dark windows on my side! If they were alien, then they have a sense of humor! That could be good for us!
[Name redacted/cms/tg]
