{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-08-28 03:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"1450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5549838.json","updb_database_id":5549838}
Calhoun County Sheriffs see UFO

The following is a summary of the 3 page Field Investigator report:At about 1:00 a.m. Tuesday Aug. 28, two teenagers were behind the otherteenagers home "looking at the stars when they sighted an object in thesouthern sky. The object appeared as a point of light about 20 degrees abovethe horizon and had the brightness of an uncovered lightbulb they said. Theobject blinked off and on. They said the object was brighter than the brighteststars and that when the object blinked off the surrounding stars remainedbright. There was no sound, and the object appeared white. The object oversome time, gained altitude until it was about 40 degrees above thesouth-southwest horizon over a large tree in the back yard. At times the objectstood still, at others it sped up. The object also remained bright for sometime, then faded out, flashed and flickered. When the object disappearednothing was visible in the proximity. The male teenage witness claimed thatwhen he flashed his flashlight off and on at the object, it blinked back inone-second intervals. The object did not move behind anything, and thewitnesses believe it kept in front of the clouds.At 2:00 a.m. the Calhoun County Sheriff Department in Marshall was contacted andtwo deputies were dispatched (none being the primary witness of this report). When they arrived they observed the object in the front yard of the maleteenagers residence for 10-15 minutes. One of the deputies flashed his lightat it, but it didn't respond as before. The deputies left at 2:45 a.m. and theyleft instructions that should the object make a sudden move, the teenagersshould come downtown to find them. At about 3:30 a.m. one of the teenagers saidthe object "shot right up in the air" about eight to 10 degrees over the tree.The teenagers estimated that the object was about five to seven miles distant inthe southwest. The male teenager called the sheriffs dept. at 3:45 a.m. afterattempting to drive and find the deputies. He said the object seemed to have ared light going around the bottom. At this time the primary witness in thisreport (the 28 y/o Deputy Sheriff) and his partner were in the area of 26 mileroad and I-94 when they saw something "pop up" in the southwest in the directionof Athens. They described the object as pale yellow or white, and said it made"silly maneuvers", moving straight up and down in the sky. The deputies becameexcited and said they were not kidding when asked by the dispatcher. They saidthe object was emitting red and blue lights. The object "disappeared" and at3:48 a.m. the object returned to view and began making "sharp circle turns" and"perpendicular turns". It was still in view at 3:53 a.m. These two deputiesthen called another deputy to the scene who also saw the object. This primarywitness and this third deputy said the object vanished from sight by "simplygoing out" and was last seen high (about 80 degrees) in the northeast sky. Thewitness stated it looked like it was traveling higher and higher. The objectseemed like a small ball, about the size of a dime held at arms length. TwoAlbion police officers also reported observing the object in the east-southeastwhile patrolling in an alley. These two deputies said the object got dimmer,then brighter, and at times completely out. They later joined the otherdeputies and one said the object appeared to be bright, and seemed to havecontrol or a set course. Dispatchers at the time attempted to explain theobject as a "stray rocket", but one of the officers said the object "jettednorth...stopped and stayed in one place and didn't move anymore". The objectalso "moved south at a speed that was too fast to watch with a pair ofbinoculars."
