{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2349,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5501838.json","updb_database_id":5501838}
{dr}Happen exactly on New Year's Eve 2014 . I was at home. Happened to step out to the patio when I noticed these orange orbs ascending and descending. I saw two of these at the same time, one to my left and one to my right in the distance.

Happen exactly on New Year's Eve 2014. I was at home. Happened to step out to the patio when I noticed these orange orbs ascending and descending. I saw two of these at the same time, one to my left and one to my right in the distance. They did not move at a high rate, in fact, the orbs moved very slow, much slower than any commercial aircraft. Therefore, I discarded immediately the idea that they could be commercial aircraft. I am within the vicinity of an airport, so I know their behaviour very well. The orbs, moved as if they didn't want to be noticed...that's the best way I can put it. Nonetheless, I witnessed them ascend and descend, occasionally coming to a dead stop, just being stationary in mid-air, and then proceeding slowly and cautiously. There was at least two or three other ocassions as such, which happened later at night, 10pm or later. Also same locations in the horizon as before. Also, this time my significant other experienced them as well.
After witnessing these events for about two to three times, on different occassions. I felt curious to start researching about these ocurrences. Additionally, a couple of my family members experinced UFO sitings as well. However, the other siting, witnessed by one of my family members, happened in the city of Cape Coral, FL. The others happened in Lehigh Acres, FL. Simply out, I was in awe, and I am now very attentive at decyphering the sky at times. Unfortunately I was not able to document the anamolies with either video or photographs.
