{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2543,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5287838.json","updb_database_id":5287838}
Examination in my Bedroom

Ok, I have had an encounter before as a child but nothing like this. Before I just had a UFO hover over me, this is so much more. I thought I would be ok if they came back, I was wrong and I was terrified. 

Ok, so I was in my bed, laying on my right side, which puts my back to the wall. That's normally how I sleep. I woke up and saw 4 beings in my bedroom. I of course I tried to move but I couldn't and it seemed that my wrist and ankles were tied but there was nothing visible. 

There were 2 beings kneeling on my bed looking across me, at my back. One had a cylinder of some kind in its hands, running it along my back, like he was examining me. The second helping I guess. 

There were 2 beings standing one at my head and the other at my feet. When the one at my head noticed my eyes were open, he stood up straighter and kind of nodded his head at me. He then reached over and touched the one with the cylinder and he looked up and saw I was awake. The 2 got off the bed and they slowly backed out of my bedroom into the hallway, it's dark but it was almost like they just faded away. As the faded away I was able to move again so I got my phone and started shining my phone flashlight into my doorway I was to scared to get up and go into the hall. 

I sat on my bed for an hour or two, trying to wrap my head around what just happened. And they only thing I could think of is maybe they were examining me because I have been having so health issues. Plus that encounter I had as a kid. Maybe they had been watching me, I really have no idea. 

But things get even stranger. So that next morning, I came into the living room and my roommate asked me "Who did you have over last night?" I was so shocked because I didn't know if I should tell someone or not. I said "Not like you think, why" He said "I saw someone's shadow walk past my door and the dog got up growling", So I told him what happened.
