{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-02-21 12:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4976,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5471838.json","updb_database_id":5471838}
Mid day Monday, then it is Friday morning, same clothes on, no food ate, no work done, I seemed to be under post hypnotic suggestion. Months later I dreampt of the exact time; mid day,seeing a black saucer-like hole in the sky like looking at the stars.

I was working alone finishing a house at a fairly remote area, keeping my own hours. The house had wood heat. The time was mid winter with a foot of compact snow on the ground. I worked out of a small wood shop close to the house. My schedule was somewhat erratic so I kept a log book of what type of work was done and how many hours labor I had performed each day. This book was updated daily or at least every other day. 
I had been working there about 5 weeks. 
I had been off to town the previous weekend (picking up supplies) and had returned Sunday night. Monday I was working in the shop and things were going well. The next thing I was standing in the house, confused as if I had just come out of a fog. I did not recall how I got there, I just seemed to appear. The house looked dusty and un-lived in, like when you come home from a holiday and no one has been around. I felt I could not get my bearings as if I had just had an electric shock. I could not figure out what day it is. I turned on the radio and it was Friday morning, about 10:30 am. I tried to reason out what was going on, to get my bearings and I could not. Oddly my log book was open to that day; Friday. "What had I been doing?" I asked myself. I turned the book to Thursday and there was nothing written. "Oh well" I said to myself; this occasionally happened, usually I write every day. I turned to Wednesday; nothing. I was starting to worry, I had never missed two days before. I turned to Tuesday and nothing, Monday nothing. I went to the previous Friday (before going to town) and looked at the work written. This was the last work done. I could remember nothing from Monday noon. I checked the shop and everything was as it should be as of Monday. Nothing has been done since Monday noon. Back to the house. The food I packed in the fridge Sunday night had not been touched, the firewood I stacked Sunday night against the house was there so there was no wood burnt, yet the house was not freezing. The house was in a state of stasis, not cold but not warm. I examined myself and I was warm and dry (I had not been out in the snow). I looked at my vehicle and the tracks in the snow. I could see that I had not driven since Sunday and no one had driven in. There were no footprints in the snow but mine. I was not hungry or dehydrated, yet I was wearing the same clothes as I was on Monday. I was not smelly or dirty.
I now feel that I was under a post-hypnotic suggestion because a voice in my head said over and over "I must have been here working....I must have been here working.... On and on. Within an hour of appearing back on Monday I falsely wrote in work hours for the missing four days. This still bothers me since I pride myself on my honesty. During the writing I knew I had not done the work, because there was nothing done. The work was linear, one step after another and I was clearly inventing false labor. Yet I continued. 
I kept this log book for years, yet my falsehood was so effective that I could not identify which week this occurred! Eventually I threw the book out since I could not decipher it and It just bothered me more. 
Life went on and I convinced myself that it had just been fatigue, in spite of the surrounding evidence. 
Six months later I had a dream where I was back and I knew it was the Monday of the event. I was in my shop and a voice in my head told me that I should go to the lake. It seemed like it was my idea. I walked to the lake and looked up. There was a hole in the sky somewhat like an enormous Saturn. It was as if I could see through to the stars as if a portal. The "stars" were brilliant and dense. I was confused as to what I was seeing; not a solid object but a void. I stared then the thought came "I'm seeing a UFO! I was happy and excited, I had always wanted to see one! The millisecond I had the thought, an electric shock shot through me from my head to my toes and I was awake sitting up in my bed. This all happened at the same time. I immediately realized that I knew what happened the winter before. Oddly enough I had not even been dwelling on it much.
