{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2656,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5480838.json","updb_database_id":5480838}
{cak} Red lit flat object, trees did not let me get it's shape down. Very bizarre.

Me and the guys from work go way into the wilderness areas of the Adirondack Park once a year and explore another spot. Photograph a new pond or large tree, stay for a couple of days. These spots can be extremely hard to walk into. You use land features to help you get to your location and there is blowdown in places. We were at Pigeon Lake in the Pigeon Lake wilderness on the North side of the lake. It was about 11:30 pm on a Friday night. It was warm, so I slept without setting up my tent. I was looking up at the stars. You can see a lot, because you are many miles from roads and towns. The area is old-growth and not all that traveled. We were the only people in there. Some of the sky is obscured by Spruce trees. I should point out that, although this is my third sighting in my 62 years, this is the first time ever seeing one on a camping trip. I often look up at the stars and never see anything- ever. All of a sudden, I see an object, maybe 400 or 500 feet in the air to the right of me, flying, silently along the Northwest shore of Pigeon Lake. I cannot make out it's shaped because of the trees. No one in our group saw this except me. I shouted out to them to wake up, unsuccessfully. I cannot estimate it's speed, but after about 7 or 8 seconds it was gone out of sight. This stunned me. I thought to myself, why is it flying right where we are and no one is within 10 miles of us? I just could not shake the idea that it knew we were there, and not just coincidental, although it could be. I have no idea why it was red lit. Maybe, so it could be seen, and what is the purpose of that particular color? 
 I have one other reported sighting in here that occurred in 1996. A second
one, about 4 years ago that I think I did not report, that I cannot figure out how to classify it. It was a stationary object that did not appear to be a UFO, but looked surreal. It freaked my wife and me out and we had to pull off the road in the middle of the day.
