{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-28 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529838","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25671","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/838/mufon-5529838.json","updb_database_id":5529838}
Looked like shooting star, but went in an upward direction. It had a vapor trail that disappeared almost simultaneously with the object.

I was out on my back porch deck between 9:05pm and 9:25pm smoking a cigarette. I did not have any alcohol in my system, only nicotine and Diet Coke ... and some Cheetos possibly. The night was very clear, no wind, visible stars ... very peaceful outside.

I sat down on my deck chair, and I was looking up eastwards at the sky. I immediately saw, what I thought was a shooting star, going from the north to the south. I have seen a couple of shooting stars before, and they have always gone in a downward motion - and from a great distance. What I saw this night was not that. 

It appeared out of nowhere and then traveled from north to south in about a 30 degree upward motion. It was VERY quick. And it wasn't "as high" as the stars. It appeared to be around the same distance as a plane would be flying. By this I mean not as high as when planes reach their cruising altitude. The object was around 3/4 of the way up from cruising altitude. But it was definitely NOT a plane. Also, there was absolutely NO sound whatsoever. If it had been a plane, I would have heard it 1 even if faintly. And, I would have seen a plane continue on its path. This did not happen at all.

What really threw me through a loop was that it had a vapor trail that appeared a few milliseconds after I saw it shoot upward. The vapor trail appeared 1*almost* at the same time as the object appeared but not quite.
The vapor trail went the same distance as the object and disappeared immediately, as did the object. Unlike when I have seen military jets or even passenger planes fly overhead, they emit a vapor trail that stays in the sky for a few seconds to even minutes. This one disappeared IMMEDIATELY.

Of the shooting stars I have seen in the past, I never have seen one with a vapor trail. Real shooting stars were always so far up in the sky that I wouldn't be able to see a vapor trail if it had one. Add to the fact that of the shooting stars I have seen, they last a few seconds longer than this one did. And I could follow their path easily with my eyes. This object, and its trail, came and went almost at the same time 1 it 1popped1 out of now where and then *poof* it was gone.

After I saw this object, I sat there quite stunned. I thought to myself, 1Did I just see what I thought I saw? No way! But I saw it. With both eyes wide open. And NO ONE is going to believe me.1 I sat outside, still staring up in the same direction, hoping to see a glimpse of it again. Nothing ever came.

I blogged my encounter on Facebook and had a couple of friends 1console1 me stating they have seen unexplained objects in the sky before as well. I was hoping someone in Tulsa had also seen what I just saw. No one did, or if they did, they ain1t opening their mouths.

I contemplated just chalking this up as an encounter for just me, myself and I. But I have had this nagging feeling to tell someone who wouldn1t think I am crazy or, more importantly, had other witnesses in Tulsa on the same night and time, report a similar sighting.

That1s what I saw, that1s how I felt/feel and that1s my encounter.
