{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-20 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469395","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/395/mufon-5469395.json","updb_database_id":5469395}
After an intense meditation , i looked out the window from the sink were i was washing my hands and saw 2 stars tat for some reason caught my eye , they looked like any other star in the sky until they moved and became moving and hovering erratically

After an intense meditation , i looked out the window from the sink were i was washing my hands and saw 2 stars tat for some reason caught my eye , they looked like any other star in the sky until they moved and became moving and hovering erratically.

I lost sight of the two objects , they were right out in the sky above the ocean as there is nothing that side of where i live , that isn't ocean, when they went out of view from the window after about 1 minute or slightly more. This by no means disturbed me and i felt no need to pursue the anomaly on camera or video or even physically and I got on with my evening and went to bed.

To be honest I have seen several light form energies and large light orbs by and above and near me on at least 5 occasions throughout my life , regardless of where i have been ie - home , or a city location out walking and I have summoned a large dark metallic almost gun metal grey / black tremendously large craft UFO , of which I reported on this great website referring to the sighting on October 6th 2017 above Port Adelaide. The report is in the archives and is pinned on the site , should you require referencing. I am of genuine peaceful intent , and an advocate for all of us beings of positive intent to collectively begin embracing each other , without the " false media agenda " making all extraterrestrials out to be a negative threat. I am all for disclosure and NO ONE , ON ANY LEVEL , needs to feel ANY shame , or judgement when reporting the anomalies - ufo - craft - odd lights etc , as THEY ARE very much a part of every day life and always part of our every day existence. Report EVERYTHING. Just dont false report or exaggerate out of proportion as all you are doing is polluting your report and clouding the waters of clarity in the over all collective results of this VERY important and VERY relevant part and FACT of every second of your my and our existence. These beings / craft / light form / " ufo " etc do not discriminate and everyone from past royal related family members to the homeless man on the street has given official police statements at one time or another about exactly what THEY saw THEY experienced. Dont give a TOSS what anyone may think about you or your report , and DO NOT buy into the " conspiracy theorist " label or worry about being thought of as " one of those weird ufo conspiracy theorists ". THAT is what they want. THAT is why the label was created to " discredit " and " belittle " those who speak up and speak out who are very very much just as bright , intelligent , switched on , aware individuals who have nothing to do with " conspiracy ". They just simply have the strength to communicate what they saw / experienced for perhaps the benefit of us all.
