{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-18 22:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459395","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/395/mufon-5459395.json","updb_database_id":5459395}
{tjd} Spotted UFO flying as we were coming home from husbands work, continued to watch it survey for 20 minutes alone, then accompanied by 3 more later.

I left the house at 9:46 to pick up my husband from work with my 1 year old daughter. I remember looking at the clock in the car as we pulled away from his work building, noting how quick I was able to get there. It read 10:03. We took the I5 back to West Sacramento and getting off the freeway we pulled around the corner and off to the northeast was a really strange light. At first we thought it was a helicopter but then were corrected in that line of thought because a helicopter that was a closer distance to us came out overhead from the South and it was loud even though it was at a good distance. The strangely pulsing object wasnt able to be heard. The helicopter seemed like it was headed in the direction of the strange light, but the light sped off into the distance to the East. We could see it gliding from north to south but then it decided perform circles. The lights on the object were slowly pulsing between white and a blue, and when I say it was in the distance it was at a horizon elevation of approx. 55 degrees and easily within the flight distance of a normal airplane but it moved entirely too quickly and continued a pacing and circling of the sky. My husband and I continued to watch from our driveway, making note of how far of the sky it was traveling and then circling back. It then simply hovered in the east which was directly down our street before doing an odd bank to the south and upwards, at an angle. a very small red light then appeared coming from the north towards south and above the object. Another, brighter red light (possibly bigger object than the little red light) was below the airplane. They passed by and the object moved towards the south again, follow the other two lights but at a slower pace. It eventually stopped towards the south and unfortunately our sight was blocked by a tree but we could still see it pulsing. Then another red light seemed to come from nowhere and sped through the sky overhead at a very very high speed, only a few seconds for it to get from over in the south to above us. It was incredibly far away thought and only seemed to be going higher. The original white and blue light object moved in sight again going to the east but made some very strange movements again and even at one point it looked like it went up and down in place like, it glitched or jump? I dont know what to make of that. It really took me off guard. My husband suggested that we go in since the object started to make another giant circle and our daughter was becoming fussy. The entire time I was trying to get the event on camera on my phone but it wouldn't show up very well or at all. I went to check the time and realized my camera was still recording even though I swear I stopped it outside. I saw the time was 10:41pm and told my husband because it didnt feel like the event was that long. We both agreed that 30 minutes was much longer than how long the event felt. We both were shaken a bit because though we do understand the UFO phenomenon and find an interest in the subject, neither of us had ever witness something so evident. We know that our family would be skeptical about the account but really feel the need to share this bizarre situation with someone and maybe gain some validation of our experience.
