{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-27 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516395","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/395/mufon-5516395.json","updb_database_id":5516395}
{cak} I was heading to next on road at night . To clean a burger king restaurant . Theres swamp land on my right when walking there . Empty road for 3 miles .

I was heading from a town of Montour Falls ,NY to Watkins Glen , NY around 9 pm at night .I was going to clean a Burger King Restaurant .About 1 mile out on the road I noticed the spherical object inthe sky .On my right . The size of a softball . Brite white no trail ar gaseous tail . Not sure what it was .It all happened in seconds .On that road theres swampland . In my right eye i saw it in the air . Then whoosh over head straight path it seemed . Then on my left over the trees and mountain area . Just Gone . Didnt hear anything i could say . Very silent . I didn't think much of it at the time .But I did see the same object around the same at night . And same area on the road walking at night . About a couple nights later . I don't think the same meteors return for another trip do they . Exactly the same everything . It was very visual and looked very close in the atmosphere . Putting my hand up in the air , like i said the size of a softball . Then nothing after those 2 sightings . After that I was reading alot about electronics etc.. Then In the summerof 1981 I Had a strange dream . I allways dream in color and my dreams are like watching blu ray .I was in a room at a pc programming . The pc monitor was a black flat screen like we have today .I could see the graphics on the monitor . It was of a black jet and i saw a lot of math on the screen . And fomulas for pitch,yaw,and roll. Then in my dream i was on what it looked like a spherical ship . I could see out like a 2 way mirror .I was sitting in a big chair in the middle of the room as the navigator . In 4 directions around me 4 beings or robots at thir stations . Why i was there . You got me . I remember the floor was like translucent . An electronic circuit burned out and had to be replaced . I grabbed in the floor a cube with electronics . P ulled it out and replaced it with a new one . Strange .Then im in the seat and we flew over a dessert . Their was a high tech battle going on . Thousands fighting in some war . Then I woke up . Years later another odd dream . At night i could see the stars . Im talking to people outside a building with a phone booth lit up . This was in NH . Looking out at the mountains i noticed a ball of light or energy from the mountain side .It hit square in the forhead . It woke me up .But I had an electric type shop from it .Like when you stick your tounge on a fresh 9 volt battery . And since that sighting ive had dozens of these powerfull type dreams . Of Aliens looking in my windows at night . And id wake up shouting at them . Etc . I could write you a whole graphic novel on them . But I just had to mention about what i saw and a few things . Could my sighting have any relation to my dreams .
