{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491395","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4388,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/395/mufon-5491395.json","updb_database_id":5491395}
{cak} Compelled to physically push person unknown to me . leaped away after, instant later large limb falls where we stood before

it was my senior year at Allen D. Nease high school, the month was April or may. i cut class with a friend , "J". we went out to the horse trials next to school, they lead to a subdivision nearby Walden chase. we stopped at a pond to have lunch and smoke some weed, i called another friend to meet us "K". "K" and 3 others met us there. my weed had gotten wet so we headed to his house in Walden chase to get some smokeable weed. as we slowly meander down the trail we are conversing about this and that we come to a more open area and we kind of circle up, I'm not sure why, maybe we were about to play hackie sack or killing time. 

any way i just remember time suddenly became distorted or at least my perception of it because a lot happened in what must have been a split second. And i was filled with an overwhelming compulsion to shove the boy next to me. he was one of "K"s friends whom i was unfamiliar with. i remember asking myself whats going on WHY do i have this overwhelming NEED to do this thing to someone I'm unfamiliar with(if it were "J" or "K" it wouldn't have been such a leap as they were good friends and I'm comfortable joking /playing with them. 

I'm a guarded person and do not interact with others willy nilly, i have to get to know a person before i would try to joke with them especially in a physical manner like pushing or slugging on the arm. so I'm having this debate in my head about this compulsion I'm feeling asking myself questions trying to figure it out because it is NOT a VOICE but a FEELING not a guttural instinct but an unstoppable Notion.this kid never did anything to me or anyone i cared about so why would i provoke him i didn't need to belittle him . i didn't need to prove anything to anyone there. i couldn't rationalize or understand it and yet it persisted. its hard to describe but i knew what it was that i was to do and needed to do it urgently.I'm still not sure whether or not I made the choice in fact reflecting on it now i think that's why i was so hesitant and resistant because it wasn't my idea . a moment was eternity. eventually i decided there was only one way to move forward. i shoved this poor kid with such violence he landed on his ass 5 or 6 ft away and i leaped backwards (instinctively?)  

scanning around quickly to see if it or the other boys was going to rush me to aid there friend. i noticed they all were looking around shocked, i started to say sorry man,i don't know why i did that, and then Thump a huge limb from a pine tree impaled the ground where me and the other boy had been.if i had not shoved him what would've happened to us?for all intents of purpose we probably would have died or been mangled in the least.I was utterly Awe struck as i couldn't look away from limb 10ft long and 10 in around with lots of sharp branches impaling the earth.i asked repeatedly if they heard the branch break or crash through the canopy,but they didn't.i was stuck, what the hell had just happened!i couldn't comprehend it and made efforts to explain but they all laughed it off but its still stuck with me.

i wish i had some idea what was gonna happen that day i would have been more observant. to this day i have never again experience anything like it to that degree. i have had other out of body experiences but never again felt compelled or pushed in such a way. if i sound crazy its because i don't know how else to describe the goings on. i don't know if its alien Physic Angel demons i don't know. i would like to know about similar experiences maybe it could validate me or help me find the answers What happened? What does it mean? Whats Next?
