{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-08-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5494534.json","updb_database_id":5494534}
{rjl} 1st of 3 sightings, in pool party went in complete silence it seemed to look at me then leave party resume. Many years later my mom verified this incident that I thought only happened to me

I was around 10 years old and at a party with my parents, I was in a pool and did not know how to swim but was in the shallow end and my mom was watching me there were also others out at pool. Suddenly I remember seeing a light coming down towards pool not directly down but about 100 ft out, and then I was suddenly alone in pool and it was like I was deaf, everyone including my mom had gone inside this room that had a sliding glass door so I could see everyone but total silence. I then focused on the object and felt scarred it just hovered there about 200 ft high but I did not try and yell or call my mom. Then it just went up and suddenly disappeared and instantly the sound came back on and everyone was back outside. I never said anything about this till a couple months ago while talking to my mom and surprisingly she said some stuff that freaked me out, she said she saw this object from the room she was in but was paralyzed and actually saw me going into this object. I don't recall any of this, but the fact that, I don't know it's crazy. Anyway I have had this same nightmare my whole life and it makes me physically sick/scarred, I don't know what the nightmare is I wake up instantly but can never remember the dream but am scarred to death, I assume it has to do with this incident cause it's from that time. Anyway I have had 2 other experiences with I will say objects, 1 here in Nevada that was confirmed on tv, it was the one that went across Nevada and Arizona in approx 1997 maybe. And one before that at lake mead on the Arizona side. That one was very interactive and did some amazing moves. Anyway was just watching this ufo show and thought I would share this
