{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-03 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28090","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3422,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5527534.json","updb_database_id":5527534}
Green and Red Iridescencent Semi-Transparent Boomerang Shaped Craft

As I've done for thousands of times, I was sitting in my reclining chair on my patio looking upward at the sky admiring the stars while waiting for my dog to finish her business. It was about 8:45PM on 3/3/2011 with a few clouds floating in the night sky. Suddenly, I noticed the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life. A boomerang shaped craft was literally streaking from North to South across the sky directly over my head. It seemed to be flying about the same height as a commercial airliner would fly, but was moving many, many times faster. It transited my field of view about ten times more quickly than the commercial jets that I watch fly by everyday at this location. It was obviously flying at many times the speed of sound, but there was no sonic boom at all.

The thing that made me really notice it was that it was semi-transparent with a green and red iridescent glow quality to the entire craft, and the incredible velocity it displayed. This glow illuminated and outlined the entire craft. There were no lights on the craft only the iridescent glow. Each wing of the boomerang had two rows of very thin darker colored slits. There were three slits in each row. The shock I felt was akin to the feeling one gets when one is about to get into an accident. It took about a half-second for my brain to realize that I was witnessing a UFO.

I immediately jumped from my chair so I could visually follow the craft as it rapidly made its way across my field of view. The craft was streaking directly over my head at a high altitude. It was also much larger than any commercial aircraft I've ever seen flying at altitude. There also seemed to be a 1fuzzyish1 quality to the outline of its form. In the end, it was obscured by some clouds that were due South of me and disappeared from my sight. The entire event lasted about 3 seconds. 

As it appeared to me, the size of the craft from wing tip to wing tip was akin to the width of my thumb held out at arms length. The width of the boomerang wings was about one eight the wingspan. The craft did not leave vapor trails and was dead silent.

The next day using some pine trees as reference points, the cloud height data from the prior night, and some basic trigonometry I calculated a minimum possible speed of 2000 MPH. I was super conservative with my assumptions on the numbers and believe that the craft was actually flying in excess of 5000 MPH.

The experience left me feeling shaken. The entire event happened so quickly and was over so quickly it was kind of like having a bucket of ice water dumped over one's self. I do not believe that this craft originated from this planet.
