{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5546534.json","updb_database_id":5546534}
10 a triangle object passed over me at an altitude of less than 100ft of unknown origin

I'm reluctant to post this but it's bothered me my entire life and I'm curious if anyone else has recorded or filmed a similar object. My experience dates back to 1967 so its been a while.

One warm summer night around 10pm, with a clear sky and unlimited visability in Lakewood Washington, located approximately 3-4 miles NW of McChord USAF base near Tacoma I witnessed a very strange object close-up that also caused some physical reactions to myself and the surrounding yard where I was playing.

I had planned to go bass fishing with my grandfather the next day and was practicing my casting in the back yard with my pool and a rubber weight. The air had been extremely still, typical of summer nights in the region. Occassionally, depending on air traffic and winds, we were very close to the flight patterns for approach to McChord air base and I always loved watching the C5's, B52's, Phantoms and helicopters passing over the house at 1500-2000 feet on final. Normally they wouldn't pass over us at night because of sound constraints for the civilians but now and then they would. I was very familar with all types of aircraft coming and going over the years both in daylight and night conditions. The sound of a C5 or B52 with full flaps on final at 1500ft can't be mistaken.

This event/sound was different. As I stood in the back yard I heard a low multi-pitched hum I hadn't heard before. Knowing the flight line I looked to the northwest and waited for watever it was to come into view. The property was fairly surrounded by fir trees of about 75 to 100' around the perimeter so I didn't have a line of sight to the horizon. As the pitch grew closer & louder the surrounding trees started to sway but there was no wind. Then a triangular object appeared over the tree tops moving to the Southeast toward McChord USAF very slowly.

The object was at about 100-125 directly above me and barely cleared the trees. It was triangular in shape with a large perhaps 25'diameter sphere in each corner which looked like glass glowing red to orange to yellow in a marble swirl patern. The sound was very low frequency, perhaps less than 100hz with another at perhaps 500hz. As it moved to the southeast it rotated clockwise slowly and made only a little over one rotation while in my sight for nearly 1.5 minutes in which time I'd guess it went 4-5 city blocks. It took that long for it to move over the house and out of sight over the trees.

The superstructure between the spheres was a semi-dull metalic open framework with diagonal braces between two main stringers similar to a large metal structural building truss. There was no platform of structure inside the perimeter of the framework and I could see thru the entire structure with the exception of the spheres in the corners. It was nearly silent as it moved and the huming was at a level close to a moderate speaking level volume.

As it flew over the trees moved violently without wind, my hair stood on end and I became light headed and a little sick to my stomack like motion sickness. I also got a static shock from my fishing pole and I dropped it in the grass. Once the object passed everthing went back to normal.

The object I estimated had three equal sides approximately 250-300' long or more. It just cleared the tree tops to the NW so I had a perfectly clear look at it. The brightness of the spheres illuminated the super structure. I asked my grandfather if he knew of anything like that and he felt initally that it was some sort of structure being carried by a large helicopter. A hellicopter that large wouldn't have made a sound like that and I would have know it instantly. Anyone from the Nam who has heard a Huey comig for miles knows the sound and it was pretty large to by hung from a bell of a chopper. This sound was an electronic hum and was nothing like an aircraft. I never saw it again but its bothered me my entire life. I just like things explained and with some level of credability and understanding. It was a and remains a mistery to me but perhaps someone has a solution or explaination.
