{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-14 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5459534.json","updb_database_id":5459534}
{tjd} Thought it was the moon then turned saw the moon to my left its was round huge yellow orange

Thought it was the moon then turned around and saw the half moon on other side on east, This thing was huge round orange and when I looked again looked like a huge orange/yellow moon but had like these funny spikes on it . I can not describe it maybe not spikes but it was not the moon and when I turned around with my dog I saw the moon just going under the clouds on the east horizon. This thing was huge stationary on the other side, that when I realized this is not the moon or any type of thing I have ever seen . Took my dog was so scared and pulled her towards my house 6 blocks looked up and something silent just saw 2 small lights like stars followed us said I am loosing my damn mind went to quick check for cigarettes with my dog but then backed up the object backed up went right half a block it did too it followed me to my house . I went left it did too it seemed to mimic what I was doing.Took the dog in backyard cause home now this thing hovered but it was way up there again said to myself its stars but even in the backyard it hovered and moved every time I moved two small pin lights no noise did what I did . I h know what I saw the original object was huge so far away cause I thought it was a bright moon till I turned around and saw the moon to my left. This thing was huge orange yellow size of the moon in the sky and had a weird structure I can not explain. Why I did not take my damn cell out take a picture cause I was not aware of what it was till I saw the moon on the other side I was like not possible did not register then the pin lights that played and followed me home I said to myself not possible. I always wanted to see a UFO been interested all my life and this was it. Its crazy Nuts. I just went back out but nothing out there now. Wow I am reporting this on here but will not tell anybody else cause my dad my friends will think I have lost my mind. Funny thing is the moon object must have been so huge but it had this weird orange consistency to it that did not register in my mind till I turned and saw the half moon to my right. Just so odd. Then it registered its not the moon its huge and odd.
