{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-18 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5492534.json","updb_database_id":5492534}
{rjl} Witnessed red lights flying in the sky of the Nevada desert between Coaldale and Tonopah.

On June 18, 2015 at around 9:30pm my dad noticed a red light hovering in the sky. It was in the distance (roughly 20-30 miles away) and was roughly about 20,000 feet in the air. Then a second light appeared close to the first. We thought it was the wing lights of some sort of plane, but the distance between the lights would have meant the plane had the biggest wingspan we1ve ever seen. Then a third red light appeared and we realized it was three separate objects. They all hovered in a horizontal line. Almost immediately after the third light appeared, the first one quickly dimmed and disappeared. Then the second light dimmed and disappeared. After that, the third light began to rapidly fly straight up hundreds of feet in only a fraction of a second. Then it instantly came to a complete stop. It began to fly around rapidly in all different directions. It would take off at speeds faster than I1ve ever seen a plane fly, then instantly stop and hover in midair. It didn1t need any time to accelerate. It would fly erratically in the air, changing directions 180 degrees in an instant without having to slow down. It could have flown circles around any airplane or helicopter with ease. After a few minutes it just disappeared. 
About 20 minutes later, the three red lights appeared again, in the same order and formation as the first time. The first two lights disappeared in the same order as before, and the third light proceeded to fly erratically, but for a shorter time than before. Then it disappeared.
After another 20 or 30 minutes two red lights appeared again, in a horizontal line, but were much farther apart. This viewing is harder to explain. They hovered in place just like before. Then, slowly, a second red light flew out from behind each of the two lights (on the right side of one light, and on the left side of the other light). Then another light came out from the behind the other side of each light (on the left side of one light, and on the right side of the other light), which equaled two sets of three lights. At this time all six of the lights were in a perfect horizontal line, with a set of three lights that was a far distance from the other set of three lights. Then, the two outer lights slowly flew back in behind each center light, and the center lights became much brighter. The two outer lights continued to fly back in from the center lights, and back out from the center lights, causing the brightness of the center lights to increase and decrease. Then they all disappeared. 
Finally, about another 20-30 minutes later, one red light appeared in the sky, much farther than where the rest had appeared. It hovered there for about one minute, and disappeared. 
This happened when we were camping in the middle of nowhere in the Nevada desert. We estimated the lights to be coming from in between the Monte Cristo Range and Lone Mountain, which is between Coaldale, NV and Tonopah, NV.
