{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-05 04:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69049","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5490534.json","updb_database_id":5490534}
{nd} UFO Spotted Flying Slowly From West To East With Random Flashing Lights - Have Video

I went outside at 4:00 AM, I had let my dog out so that he could go to the bathroom before we both went to bed. He is very sick, and he would not go out until I went outside with him. The sky was very clear and still, with no noticeable wind or cloud cover whatsoever.
I then spotted an object in the sky that was highly unusual, and NOT AT ALL like the normal airliners that overfly my house, which is located in the flying lanes of Detroit Metropolitan Airport which is located just south of me in Wayne County.
Th object was located around a mile or two away from me and at 45 Degrees of elevation, just South West of my position. If I faced directly South, The object was located 15 degrees to my direct right, and it was flying very slowly at almost a walking pace. It was flying on an unwavering and steady course of West To East at an estimated altitude of around 8000 feet, give or take a few thousand feet, and It was flying at an altitude of much less that than half way up in the air than a normal airliner would be flying at if it were flying at the normal cruising altitude that I always see airliners overflying my home.

The object was not emitting any sound whatsoever that I could detect over the background noise of the freeway that is very near to my home, and at that late hour, traffic on this freeway was almost non existent, so there was very little if any background noise to be heard. 

The craft was very much UNLIKE any airliner, for example a 767 jet, in that it had four steadily glowing white lights, of which one was in front, one was at the rear, and one each was located at the midsection on either side of the object, and it had a red light that flashed or strobed very intermittently and very seldomly, where sometimes seconds would go by before the light would strobe, and the strobing intervals were very random. The red strobing light was located right in the middle of the bottom of the craft. This was the only spot where the red light would strobe from.
The craft also had a white light that strobed very infrequently, and very randomly, and I also believe that the location of the strobing white light varied as to it's position on the craft. This white strobing light was also very random as to the periods when it would strobe, and sometimes seconds would go by before it would strobe again.

The craft had a very distinct and pronounced outline that was definitely NOT like any airplane that I have ever seen, nor was it a helicopter or any other type of light aircraft. I have seen all types of aircraft in existence at this time, including classified military aircraft, and this did not resemble any of them either. The craft was also not a drone of any kind.

When I spotted the UFO, after I just stood there and observed it for a few uninterrupted seconds, I came to the definitive conclusion that I was looking at something highly unusual that I had never seen before.
I then ran into my home, grabbed my video camera, and ran back outside to take a video of the UFO while I turned on my video camera and opened up the tripod that I had the camera mounted to.
I had been outside two nights before to take video footage of the unusually bright and large full moon that was present at that time, and the weather was unusually clear and quiet, so I did take some superb video footage and photos of the full moon with my camera mounted on a tripod. That is why my video camera was mounted on a tripod and ready to shoot video at the time of this incident.

It took me 3 or 4 minutes just to get my video camera, run back outside, turn on the camera and extend the tripod and then run to the fence on the side of my property, and then finally get the camera focused onto the object. It took me another minute to get the object in my camera's sights, get the video camera and tripod combination balanced against the wooden privacy fence that borders my property, and then get the craft into good focus. By that time, the object had passed by my location and was now just South Southwest of my position. I started taking some good video footage with the object in good focus and zoomed in, an by this time I was filming the left side and rear of the craft. The good quality video lasted for about two minutes, and after that, I lost the object in my video camera's screen because the object had passed behind a branch of a large tree that is located adjacent to my property in my neighbor's yard.
I tried to re-acquire the object in my camera's viewfinder screen, but because of the fact that my video camera is not especially good at taking night time video, I could not find it again. 
I then ran through the back gate of my house to the front of my house, and then I ran to the corner of my street, located directly to the right of my home and one house away from me, so that I could obtain an unobstructed view to the East of my location all the way to the horizon, and the UFO had completely disappeared from my view.
The UFO had to have either turned off all of it's exterior lighting, or it had to have sped away from my location at a very high rate of speed, because it had only taken me about a minuet from the time that I lost the object in my camera's view screen, to the time that I had arrived at my street's corner, for the object to completely disappear.

When I had first spotted the big and very visible UFO, there was another object flying directly in front of the larger and more visible UFO, and it was located a couple of miles in front of it, directly in the UFO's flight path. This other flying object was visible only as an intermittently strobing white pinpoint of light, which had no other visible lights at all on it's exterior, and it had no visible shape to it as well.
