{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5474534.json","updb_database_id":5474534}
{dr}Randomly Pulsating Flashing Object

1.) Behind my apartment on an walking path, taking my dog for a night walk!
2.)We were on our way home and i always look up in the sky to observe the stars, when, in the corner of my eye, i saw a big flashing light.
3.) My first thought was, it was an Airplane, after a closer look i thought it was an satellite.
4.) Like stated before, i came to the conclusion it must have been an satellite, but then it did things, no airplane and no satellite are doing. Now, i am familiar with airplanes and i also witnessed countless satellites, but this object did weird things.

5.) First i began to notice that it can't be an satellite, it was way to slow, i mean, really slow. Then there was one pulsating light that came up randomly, not like on airplanes. After the pulsating light turned dark it took 10-15 seconds and ONE BRIGHT FLASH appeared and this also not regularly.. i was observing this object for around 30 minutes, when i first saw it, it came from the north , heading north east but a plane or an satellite would have taken 1-2 minutes to be out of sight, not this thing. it was far up in the sky and the sky was/is clear.. no clouds.. the object was hardly to see and i could only spot it when the pulsating light came on or after a flash, it also moved in circles, meaning no straight path. It is so hard to explain what it did.

6.) My actions during the sighting ? I sat down on the ground, my dog next to me and i just looked up to the sky to see what this is all about, i have never witnessed anything like this before, my heart was pounding. Trying to explain it and you simply can't. Conventional aircraft? I don't think so, satellite? Definitely not. We have airplanes / helicopters over this area every day, i know the flight path and like i said before, in nighttime i often look up to the sky and follow satellites.. I am 100% convinced that it was none of those and i hope somebody else in north California witnessed the same thing.  

7.) It stopped... that's how i lost sight.. there was no pulsating / flashing anymore.. after observing it for around 30 minutes it suddenly stopped. I changed my position to get a larger view of the night sky and i knew where the object must have been, but nothing happened anymore.. i waited another 5 minutes and decided to go home and fill out this report.
