{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-20 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5489534.json","updb_database_id":5489534}
{dr}Came upon a huge craft 30' tall probably 1/2 mile long 30' off the ground 100' away from us.

The ex wife and I were coming home from work at 3:30 in the morning on Cole Road out in the country. We reached the field and noticed a humongous craft hovering just above the tree tops not far off the road. I stopped the car and we watched it for a minute or so, I then turned off the car, rolled down the window and heard nothing, I could see something like heat waves being omitted from one part.The craft was so big and close it was hard to depict the shape, it could have been a triangle but from what I could see it was the shape of a cylinder block. I could not see the end of the craft but from the size I could see it was close to half a mile long, it was too close to determine shape and size, humongous is the best description. To get a better look I opened the door of the Yukon and stood up on the floor and had my arms on the roof, not a sound. Now here is the part I don't usually tell anyone. Apparently they noticed us and they turned on the inside lights, it was a huge window and in the window were three beings, two taller thin ones and a shorter one in the middle. Because the light was behind them they were silhouette in black, but the form was the exact beings you normally see, very thin with large heads. The thing that really stood out... besides the entities was the light, this was 1993 or 1994, not sure of the date it's been a while, but the light was a pure white, like nothing I have seen before. Then the three beings waved at us, this scared the crap out of us and we took off for home a few hundred feet away. We ran in the house and watched it from the window, than it just disappeared. We were so flabbergasted that I did not think to take a video or photo. I don't recall any missing time. I don't tell that many people I have seen a UFO and only family members know about seeing and being waved to by aliens, I don't want people to think I'm nuts. I have seen a show that had a far away video of kind of what I saw.
