{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495534","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63900","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4126,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/534/mufon-5495534.json","updb_database_id":5495534}
{nd} First it was a unusual hovering flashin color 'star' distant in sky, then it flew very close over me and I saw it was a space craft.

I witnessed a space craft on March 9, 2015.

As a preface, 2 nights before, I was gazing at the night sky in Sedona, Arizona. I saw a bright distant star with my naked eye looked like it was shooting off red and green lights from it's right and left side. So I started to videotape it with my 40X zoom video cam.  Familiar with the usual aviation navigation lights, I was confused. I zoomed in on it as much as I could, and then I was able to see light that the light was white with a green ring around it and then it suddenly got very large and it became pink in the middle with a green thin ring around it, filling my whole camera screen. Pulsating! Then it went back to its original size and turned into only red and soon became fuchsia and back to green with pink1 etc. Most of the entire time it remained its unusual shape. It was a mixture of a rectangle on its longer side and an oval on top and bottom on its shorter side.I observed this strange light for 2 straight nights in Sedona, AZ night sky.
2 nights later, on a plane ,36,000 feet in the sky, I would realize that this exact shape was the same shape as the spaceship that I encountered .

My Encounter:

March 8, 2015, I was on Jet Blue Flight 136 out of Phoenix, AZ to JFK, NY. It was a red eye. We took off about 11pm. I was looking out my window facing north in my window seat. I saw what looked like the same strange distant star I had been seeing for two nights in a row in Sedona. It looked like a red star at first but then I realized that it had lights blinking on it. With my naked eye, it seemed to have green and then red shooting out of it's right and left side, again like the nights before. I was sorry I had packed my video cam away.  
This light was just below the constellation Cassiopeia. I thought it might be a plane, but it stayed almost stationary ,in one spot, for about 2 hours. It moved a bit right and left for about a half hour. Then it slowly moved to the east towards the front of the plane and out of my view.
About two hours after that, I'm looking out the window again and I see it moved back near to where it was originally just East this time but still below Cassiopeia. 
I was so surprised it returned. I'm staring at it again and it suddenly starts to get bigger and bigger. Then I realized it was coming towards the plane. I couldn't believe it! It slowly flew right over where I was sitting on the plane and I could see the craft! It was about 30 feet over the plane and could see detail ! I saw its bottom, front and left side as it flew over me. I was in shock! It's shape was straight along the edge on its left and right side but front and back slightly rounded. Same shape as the strange lights I saw in Sedona . It had some lights on in the front of the craft, but small and uneven number on right side to left. I remember 2 on the left and one on the right. The craft appeared to be a dull off white color.
It had 2 obvious huge indentations on it's left side on the bottom, where what looked like these 2 huge spotlights shown down out from. I imagined it had the same type of two big indentation lights on it's right side but I couldn't see that side as it flew over me on a slight angle. It didn't look very big, it was more like a medium-thin module. I have never seen a UFO or anything like this before. I asked my Stewardess and the Captain if they saw anything and they said no.
