{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:46:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 617242, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/17398-briefing-for-president-clinton-by-steven-m-greer-md-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "b462fde7cabe7fb9879cece9e3162c03ee48cf3810ec5b7ae0cd5087cd34ba27"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2515, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FROM: Steven M. Greer M.D., Director of CSETI
RE: UFO Military/Government Witnesses
15 November 1996
To: President William Jefferson Clinton
Vice President Al Gore
National Security Advisor Tony Lake
Secretary of Defense William Perry
Secretary of State Warren Christopher
DCI John Deutch
General Shalikashvili, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff
Mr. Arlen Specter, Chairman, Senate Intelligence Committee
Mr. Larry Combast, Chairman, House Intelligence Committee
Mr. Strom Thurmond, Chairman, Senate Armed Services Committee
Mr. Floyd Spence, Chairman, House National Security Committee
Dr. Daniel Goldin, Director of NASA
FBI Director Louis Freeh
Attorney General Janet Reno
From: Steven M. Greer M.D., Director of CSETI
RE: Planned Disclosure on the UFO/Extraterrestrial Subject and
National Security Oaths
The CSETI (Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Project Starlight initiative has now
identified several dozen former and current military, intelligence and defense contractor related
witnesses to UFO/ETI events and projects. As set out in a number of documents and briefings (see
enclosures) it is our intention to have these important witnesses provide open, public testimony on this
matter in the very near future.
In the summer of 1995, we requested that the President take appropriate steps to allow these witnesses
to speak openly, without civil, military or other penalties. Since then, there has been an exponential
growth in the number of such witnesses who wish to come forward. Some of them are elderly, and
suffering from serious medical conditions. We feel that these patriotic and courageous heroes of our
country - who very much wish to tell their fellow citizens the truth on this matter- must not take this
information to their graves. Therefore, we are asking from you a clear determination regarding their
freedom to speak openly on this subject.
Over the past three years, we have found that members of Congress, the Executive Branch, military and
intelligence leaders have not been briefed on this important matter, and that operations related to the
subject exist as 'unacknowledged' special access projects. Most operations exist in the private aspects of
the military industrial sector, with apparently extra-constitutional funding and oversight.
As such, and until established otherwise to our satisfaction, we regard these operations, and all so-
called 'security oaths' derived from them, as illegal, and therefore non-binding for these witnesses
mentioned above.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1727, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Therefore, UNLESS OTHERWISE DIRECTED BY 1 JANUARY 1997, we will move forward with a series of
events whereby these witnesses may provide open, public testimony. If we do not hear from you, or if
we hear that you concur, we will proceed with a public disclosure after that date. Only if you notify us
specifically that such witnesses to UFO/ETI related matters are still bound to silence will our plans for a
disclosure by them be altered. As mentioned in previous briefings and documents to members of the
Administration, the military, the Congress and others, it is our intent to effect this disclosure in a way
which is scientific, forward looking and hopeful. It is not our intent to cause instability for our nation or
the world, but, rather, to mitigate the clear dangers which current covert management of this issue
presents. We invite your advice, assistance and support in this process of disclosure on a matter which is
arguably the most important of the twentieth and early twenty first centuries.
Testimony from these witnesses will include but not be limited to:
• Retrieval of disabled extraterrestrial devices and extraterrestrial life forms
• Reverse-engineering projects related to extraterrestrial technology
• Reconnaissance and tracking of UFO/Extraterrestrial vehicles
• Covert projects related to the subject
• Confirmation of military/UFO encounter cases
• The nature and scope of disinformation programs related to the subject
We hope to hear from you regarding this matter as soon as possible.
Thank you for your attention to this request for a determination on the status of these witnesses as it
relates to providing public testimony during 1997.
Respectfully,
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
