{"created_utc": "2026-08-29T10:33:16Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 355235, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/17395-unod-follow-up-open-letter-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "bfebc00e624e3604690f6dd60f6cf0aefe41ef1583da59f705b204d57453994d"}

UNOD letter – follow up – Letter of January 1, 1997

1 January 1997

At 12 a.m. 1 January 1997 the deadline expired for US Government correction of our previously stated
position that military, intelligence and other government related witnesses to UFO events/projects were
free to speak openly of their knowledge and experiences.

In a letter dated 15 November 1996, CSETI Project Starlight stated the position that, since projects
related to UFOs exist and have existed outside legal constitutional oversight and control, that all
security oaths related to such projects are null and void. The letter stated that, unless otherwise
directed, that this assessment would be regarded as accurate and that all such government witnesses
would be free to speak openly as of 1 January 1997.

This letter was sent to, and acknowledgement of receipt has been obtained from:

President, William Jefferson Clinton

Vice President, Al Gore

National SecurityAdvisor, Tony Lake

Secretary of Defense, William Perry

Secretary of State, Warren Christopher

DCI, John Deutch

General Shalikashvili, Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff

Mr. Arlen Specter, Chairman, Senate Intelligence Committee

Mr. Larry Combast, Chairman, House Intelligence Committee

Mr. Strom Thurmond, Chairman, Senate Armed Services Committee

Mr. Floyd Spense, Chairman, House National Security Committee

Dr. Daniel Golden, Director of NASA

FBI Director, Louis Freeh

Attorney General, Janet Reno

Additionally, this document has been sent to the US Supreme Court and acknowledgement of receipt is
pending.
The letter is attached to this file. Numerous background and position papers were enclosed with this
letter, including a detailed listing of agencies, entities, corporations, and covert facilities associated with
the UFO/ETI subject.

The unless otherwise directed (UNOD) format is routinely used in governmental and military situations
and indicates that unless otherwise instructed, the position and described actions are approved
implicitly.

This letter clearly stated that we intend to assemble as many bona fide government officials and
witnesses as possible, and that they will speak publicly and openly about their knowledge of UFO/ET
events and covert projects.

Since the letter was issued, senior and reliable intelligence sources have stated that no response or
interference would be forthcoming vis a vis plans for government witnesses to publicly come forward
with their testimony.

Significantly, as of 1 January 1997, no government entity, official agency, department or office has
contradicted this assessment or stated that such government witnesses are any longer bound to silence.

CSETI Director Dr. Steven Greer has been meeting with various government officials, including members
of the US Congress (House and Senate) to discuss this matter and ask for open hearings on the subject of
UFOs / ETI.

In preparation for these disclosures, and in the light of the expiration of the above deadline, a meeting
of such military, intelligence, government and corporate witnesses will be held later this winter. Bona
fide witnesses or contacts to such witnesses should contact Dr. Steven Greer immediately concerning
participation in this event. A similar, but smaller event was organized by CSETI in 1995, and was
attended by US Astronauts, US and Russian military officials and others.

The meeting this winter will assemble a significant number of such government UFO witnesses to meet
with congressional and other public officials and to request open hearings within the Congress, so that
they may testify openly about their knowledge and experiences related to UFOs /ETI.

Should Congress not agree to open hearings, other venues, such as the United Nations or private
disclosure events, will be pursued to effect a public acknowledgement of the reality of UFOs/ETI.

This notice may be distributed freely among all newsgroups, media and interested parties, without
further permission or restrictions.
