{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:53:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1296144, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18578-black-budget-from-the-national-journal-april-1987.pdf", "source_sha256": "dd20ef4a440961b932fc5ffd6e8631e7508920b8a04b52753b34763528851eb1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 554, "chars": 3490, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEFENSE REPORT
Dancing in the Dark
The Pentagon's record levels of secret "black" spending requests are seen by many in
Congress as a way of dodging the oversight process. Some are calling for sunshine.
DAVID C. MORRISON
p. John R. Kasich, R-Ohio: I don't like
ind dates, [yet] I am being asked to
gn up for all these 'blind dates' with
ese black programs; and by the time we
ver get a chance to really debate it....
e are spending billions and billions of
dollars [that/ we don't get a chance to
really review.
concern seems to have mounted in direct
proportion to the dramatic quintupling of
secret spending in recent years, from an
estimated $5.5 billion in fiscal 1981 to
$24.3 billion in the fiscal 1988 request.
(For more on defining the black budget,
see box, p. 872.)
And this rising tide of criticism is com-
ing from some unexpected sources. The
House
Armed Services
Committee's
ranking Republican, William L. Dickin-
son of Alabama, for instance, complained
that "there is a tendency on the part of
[the Defense Department] to put things
into the black unnecessarily or to prolong
them in the black world unnecessarily,
probably because it is easiest to do work
without
somebody looking over your
shoulder."
Even the Senate Armed Services Com-
mittee's Dan Quayle, R-Ind.—who gen-
erally favors black spending procedures
because "we have some significant pro
ur Force Secretary Russell A. Rourke: 1
naye to disagree with your premise about
ind dates, Mr. Kasich. My wife was one
my blind dates; it worked out fairly
allfor the last 23 years. Some of these
ograms have gotten gray or gotten
ick l can only assure you that, to the
agree that you have trust in your (rank-
DE/ colleagues /and] your appointed of-
foals, that (oversight is) being car-
rd out. If you got into the black world,
would understand totally and com-
idly the reasons why those programs
re so classified.
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES
WASHAGTON DE 205 4
1202) 225-3601
WHIP AT LARGE
Congress of the United States
Mouse of Representatibes
alasbington, IDE 20515
March 26, 1987
DALTO AVENUE
17070783-6033
Dear Colleague:
Pentagon's secret
Doesn't Congress deserve more information than this about the
programs?
've changed my view of these pro-
grams,"
House
Armed Services
emmittee member Kasich said in an in-
New a year after his February 1986
change with then top Air Force civilian
Pourke. "In light of leaks that occur, I
on tobject anymore to just a handful of
cople being aware of them. I don't want
go minate black programs and think we
ould treat them like we do our most
bret secrets."
asich's sanguine view of the Penta-
his burgeoning black budget, however,
oy no, means shared by all his col-
Agues: While there is no congressional
prement for completely breaking off
hel blind budgetary date with the Pen-
HOWa host of Members of Congress are
Dosing to learn more about the secret
fense programs they increasingly are
ng asked to finance. This legislative
Let's shed
cosponsor
some light
two bills that
on
required to
white protecting bac
will give Congress
the Pentagon's hidden budget.
security.
the information it
Please
The Pentagon
inteirigenee us special operat long as exties those related to
would be
H.R. 158ge call Donna Martin at 55161 to cosponsor H.R. 1585 and
ours trul
retra
ospos soarney Forge,
BOXER
George Miller
Don Edwards
George Brown she Bruce Nortis
wards Majors owens
Major
Mike
Andy Jacobs, Jin Scheuer, Dan Glickman,
NATIONAL JOURNAL 4/11/87 867

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1007, "chars": 6205, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and who con-
tended that "we don't need to have
535 [Members] looking over our
shoulders on this"-worries that
the Pentagon might be pursuing
too many black projects.
argued internally [with defense of-
ficials] that we should get some of
them out of there," he said.
reaction is lukewarm; there's a pre-
sumption not to do it. As more peo-
ple begin to ask some questions,
there may be some flexibility and
we may see some results."
Members are doing more than
just asking questions,
They are also preparing legislation
in hopes of opening at least a nar-
the Pentagon's
black world. Already in the hopper
are two bills introduced on March
12 by House Budget Committee
and Armed Services Committee
member Barbara Boxer, D-Calif.,
One, the Hidden Budget
Accountability Act (HR 1585),
would require that each executive
branch department make public
for its first budget submitted after
passage of the act the aggregate
costs for that year and the previous
five fiscal years of "programs that are
included in that budget in a manner de-
to conceal their existence or
The other, the Defense Black Budget
Oversight Act (HR 1788), would compel
the Pentagon to provide in writing to the
chairmen and ranking minority members
of the four defense oversight committees
notification of all such programs, the jus-
tification for making them black and an
enumeration of all "white" programs that
are similar in mission or technology.
Other members of those committees
would then be able to read-but not
copy—-this information after submitting
a request in writing to their chairman.
Current procedures dictate that Mem-
bers desiring such data go to the chair-
man and ask for a briefing from specially
cleared committee aides or Pentagon offi-
cials. "Which to me is a very haphazard
way to govern, because it puts the burden
on me," Boxer said. "The burden should
be on the people who want the money
from us to have some justification and
criteria. There ought to be a way that key
Members of Congress that deal with this
issue on a daily basis are informed as to
why programs are going into the black
•..so that we can get to the heart of the
problem."
CREEPING SUNSHINE
One of first bills to directly affect
black programs was introduced last year
868 NATIONAL JOURNAL 4/11/87
Rep. William L. Dickinson, R-Ala.
Most black funds could go public harmlessly.
by Rep. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., a member
of the Energy and Commerce Sub-
committee on Investigations and Over-
sight, which has been delving into the
Pentagon's black world more vigorously
than has any other panel-at least of
those in open session.
Reacting to a scandal last July over the
Lockheed Corp.'s having mislaid 1,460
classified documents apparently related
to an ultrasecret stealth fighter project,
Wyden introduced, and the House ap-
proved, an amendment to the fiscal 1987
defense authorization bill calling on the
Defense Investigative Service (DIS) to
conduct twice-yearly investigations of the
document control procedures at all con-
tractor facilities working on special-ac-
cess, or black, programs. "I felt that was
a small change that was needed," Wyden
said. Most black programs are governed
by "carve out" contracts whereby the
DIS is relieved of its usual security du-
ties, which then devolve to the Pentagon
office actually running the program. (See
NJ, 6/28/86, p. 1610.)
In conference with the Senate, how-
ever, Wyden's bill was turned into a re-
quirement simply that the Defense De-
partment review its security procedures
at black facilities and report to Congress
with suggested improvements by this
May 1. "What will come out of that, we
have yet to see," said DIS spokesman
Dale L. Hartig. It is hard to gauge the
additional burden that would be imposed
on the investigative service if it
were charged with securing all
black programs, Hartig said, be-
cause "I have no idea how many
special-access
programs are out
there. We have been carved out of
it, and this [review] is the first time
we have really been in it."
Wyden last year had also dis-
cussed with House Armed Services
Committee chairman Les Aspin,
D-Wis., the possibility of introduc
ing a "creeping sunshine" bill, dic
tating that the Pentagon drag into
the glare of the white world each
year an incremental percentage of
its black spending.
"It was clear
that we could not get something
like that on the defense authoriza-
tion [bill] last year," Wyden said,
"but I'm going to look at some
thing like that again this session."
In a statement last May, Aspin and
Dickinson, decrying what they de-
scribed as an eightfold increase in
black defense spending since 1981,
Richard A
contended that "fully 70 per cent
of all the funds that are now ob-
scured under the 'black' umbrella
could be listed publicly in the bud-
get without causing any harm to
national security."
Among the concerns raised by Mem-
bers and defense officials about bills
along the lines of Boxer's is that they
could expose to dangerous scrutiny the
intelligence activities and covert opera-
tions of the CIA and the National Secu-
rity Agency, whose funds are appropri-
ated through the defense budget and
have always been black. "When you have
a gray program, where there is acknowl-
edgment that such a program exists, then
it is all right to talk about the costs," said
Kasich, citing the stealthy multi-billion-
dollar Advanced Technology Bomber
(ATB). "But there are black programs
that nobody acknowledges even exist, so
it would be a mistake to start putting
numbers in the budget that would tip peo-
Boxer stressed that her hidden-budget
bill calls only for the release of aggregate
black budget numbers by each depart-
ment, in which case all secret intelligence
money would be subsumed in the Penta-
gon's over-all black budget total. Her
other bill's requirement for the submis
sion of justifications and criteria for black
programs, she said, does not pertain "tr
special operations or intelligence becaus
we knew that would be a problem."
"That's one of the things that's appeal
ing about the creeping sunshine con
cept," Wyden said,
"because you coul
do that while drawing the line carefully il
respecting the legitimate national secu
rity concerns that need to be kept black

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 766, "chars": 4906, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
You say, 'This is the creeping sunshine
target; you get there.'"
CIRCUMVENTING CONGRESS?
Capitol Hill's concerns about black
programs revolve overwhelmingly around
the issue of oversight: Can so many
projects that are so secret be subjected to
adequate oversight by either the Penta-
gon or Congress? Some Members not sit-
ting on the defense oversight committees,
for instance, fret that black programs
may be getting a free ride on those pan-
els. A National Journal analysis of the
fiscal 1987 black
budget's passage
through the six markup hurdles of the
authorization and appropriation process
last year shows that $22.6 billion worth of
dentifiable black programs were, in the
end, trimmed back by only 2.5 per cent to
5221 bilion cal 1987 request, by call
trast, was slashed by 9 per cent.
Because black programs are, presum-
ably, all high-priority projects, this dis-
parity in legislative treatment does not
necessarily signify that they are scrutt-
nized any less rigorously than white pro-
grams by those Members who do have
access. But the difference between the
$33 billion initially gouged out of the
back budget by the House Armed Ser-
vices Committee and the $564 million cut
inally imposed by the defense appropria-
tions conferees is nonetheless striking.
See box, pp. 870-71.)
Sen. Dan Quayle, R-Ind.
Black programs may be our most efficient.
In a "talking paper" on the
black budget issue prepared for
National Journal in lieu of an
interview, the Pentagon noted
that "various reasons have been
postulated for the apparent re-
cent increase in the number of
special-access programs." The
real reason, it said, was that
"the nature and magnitude of
[Defense Department] opera-
tions often necessitates a less-
than-rigorous application of the
[standard] need-to-know princi-
ple [to classified programs].
Thus, because of the impor-
tance/criticality of certain pro-
grams and the real
threat against them, it is some-
times decided to enhance the
security of the program security
by designating it as a special-
access program."
There is a pervasive, sneak-
ing suspicion on Capitol Hill,
however, that not all programs
are taken black solely because
of the threat that loose lips
might sink secret ships. During
a surprise appearance at Box-
er's March 12 press conference
to endorse her two bills, An-
thony R. Battista, the top aide to the
House Armed Services Subcommittee on
Research
that weapon systems had been draped in
the black shroud "not because
of national security, but to cir-
cumvent congressional review
Richard
Precisely because there are
fewer overseers, Quayle argued,
"black programs are the most
efficient programs we probably
have: They are usually ahead of
schedule, many times under
cost. And that's why there is a
strong desire beyond the na-
tional security implication, but
just from a program manage-
ment point of view, to put them
in the black world."
That rule, apparently,
does
not apply across the board. "We
looked into that issue rather ex-
tensively," David Packard,
chairman of the President's
Blue Ribbon Commission on
Defense Management, told Na-
tional
Journal last summer.
«The interesting thing we found
is that not all of those programs
are well managed, either. So our
investigation didn't quite sup-
port the theory that if you clas-
sify a program, it's automati-
cally managed better."
"With what I know about
Richard A
. Bloom
Rep. Ron Wyden, D-Ore.
He favors "creeping sunshine" targets.
procurement, I have to believe that what
is going on in the white world is going on
in the black world," Boxer charged. "And
that is a desire to hide illegitimate costs
and pricing data from us, to hide waste
and fraud and mismanagement. I have to
believe that a portion of the black budget
is responsive directly to that desire."
To ferret out such hanky-panky in the
white world, Congress relies on its Gen-
eral Accounting Office (GAO), which
audits all federal spending. But some
Members wonder how deeply the GAO
can delve into the details of closely held
black programs. Thus, in a March 12 let-
ter to Comptroller General Charles A.
Bowsher asking the GAO to review the
Pentagon's black projects to determine
how many had been compartmentalized
for legitimate national security reasons,
Boxer also inquired whether the GAO
had enough auditors and investigators
cleared for highly classified programs.
Rep. John Edward Porter, R-l., a
member of the Appropriations Legisla-
tive Subcommittee, also has been pursu-
ing this line of inquiry. The black budget,
he said, "has grown so large that in a
certain sense, the Appropriations Com-
mittee is not able to make any of the
judgments [required] regarding about
$22 billion in the Defense Department's
budget." While there are good reasons for
having
special-access programs,
they
should also be reviewed to make sure that
"what is under the black budget is neces-
NATIONAL JOURNAL 4/11/87 869

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 747, "chars": 5356, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Black Budget's Legislative Trip...
Contrary to common perception, the Pentagon's black bud-
search program code-named Seek Spinner (a flying drone
get does not escape the congressional budget knife un-
designed to attack enemy radar emitters that is the successor
scathed. A National Journal analysis of the fiscal 1987
to an earlier project, Pave Tiger). In this case, the House
black budget's fate in Congress shows, however, that, last
committee argued successfully with its Senate counterpart,
year at least, black programs emerged considerably less
which had recommended only the requested spending level,
scathed than their white counterparts.
and the authorization conference agreed on an $80 million
Of all of the defense oversight committees, the flouse
increase for Seek Spinner. The House committee was en-
Armed Services Committee took by far the biggest whack—
tirely successful in arguing that an intelligence research line
$3.3 billion—out of the Pentagon's $22.6 billion black re-
item b
called Defense Reconnaissance
Support Activities
quest for procurement, research and development and con-
should be bumped up by $128.8 million, to a total of $275.9
struction. Some of those funds were excised in huge slices.
The committee voted, for example, to delete $561.8 million
All in all, however, the House authorizers ceded the farm
from the Air Force's black request for the procurement of
to the Senate, which came into conference having cut only
the stealthy Advanced Cruise Missile (ACM) in order, it
$280.1 million from the black budget. The conference report
said, to force the service to choose between the ACM and its
shows only $995.3 million being trimmed from the requested
planned new Short-Range Attack Missile II. In conference,
black budget. This lopsided pattern was repeated
however, the House agreed to restore the money.
appropriations conference. The House Appropriations De-
In other instances, the House committee sought to sweeten
fense Subcommittee came in recommending a $1.6 billion
the pot for black programs, recommending among other
reduction in black programs, which the Senate Appropria-
measures a $185 million enhancement for an Air Force re-
tions Defense Subcommittee would have cut by only $536.5
House Armed
Senate Armed
House
1987
Services
Services
Conference
Appropriations
R&D
request
changes
changes
changes
changes
Army
$926.1
-$189.6
-$30.0
-$135.0
-$208.0
Navy
1,154.4
- 273.2
-40.0
-91.0
-208.5
Air Force
5,662.2
-351.5
+4.4
-113.7
-23.8
Defense agencies
1,715.3
-13.6
-3.7
+26.4
-56.5
Total R& D
$9,458.0
-$827.9
-$69.3
-$313.3
-$496.8
Procurement
Army
$351.0
-$117.1
-$12.2
-$67.7
-$93.4
Navy
26.1
0
0
-1.3
Air Force
11,386.6
-2,079.2
-269.0
-493.7
-936.1
Defense agencies
1,145.2
-123.2
+56.9
-37.5
+34.8
Total procurement
$12,908.9
-$2,319.5
-$224.3
-$598.9
-$996.0
Construction
$92.4
-$10.0
-$3.3
-8.0
Operations*
$160.2
-$160.2
t$13.5
-$79.8
-$143.8
Total
$22,619.5
-$3,317.6
-$280.1
-$995.3
-$1,644.6
*total identifiable operations monies only
sary to be there and is not just put there
as a matter of convenience," Porter said.
"So what we're worried about is that
GAO and other organizations have
enough access."
Frank C. Conahan, director of the
GAO's national security and interna-
tional affairs division, said, "We have ob-
tained access to just about every black
program that we've asked to take a look
at... and have reported to the appropri-
ate committees up on the Hill." On
March 30, for example, Conahan gave a
detailed briefing on the cost and perfor-
mance status of the ATB stealth bomber
to a closed session of the House Armed
Services Committee, similar to another
briefing he provided last year. Besides the
ATB, he said, the GAO has reviewed
"perhaps another three or four major
black programs."
870 NATIONAL JOURNAL 4/11/87
The mushrooming of such projects has
combative chairman of the Energy and
forced the GAO to increase dramatically Commerce Committee and its Oversight
the size of its specially cleared staff,
and Investigations panel, who has locked
which currently numbers about a dozen
horns on numerous occasions with de-
auditors. It was
"in the fiscal 1986 bud-
fense officials over the propriety of black
get year, when we saw substantial sums
program procedures.
Tof black funds] going into the defense
"The number of black programs being
budget... that I began to get from the
contracted for now by the Defense De-
CIA, where we get our clearances, in-
partment have increased to an all-time
creased numbers of people cleared,"
high," Dingell said in an interview. "The
Conahan said. At that time, the GAO
problem we have now is how these pro-
had only "a small handful, two or three,
grams can be audited, how the account-
maybe," of auditors who had been sub-
ing can be conducted to assure sharehold-
jected to the CIA's extensive background
ers and management that the laws are
checks, he said, "and that was up from
being faithfully carried out with regard to
zero from before that."
securities (regulations], with regard to
(financial] disclosure and with regard to
AUDITING CONTRACTORS
possible shareholder exposure to [unex-
The impact of black programs on an-
pectedly] reduced earnings."
other oversight realm is being explored
For example, while 20 per cent, or
by Rep. John D. Dingell, D-Mich., the
about $1 billion, of TRW Inc.'s annual

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 722, "chars": 5176, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
... Leaves Many of Its Programs Intact
million. In the end, the final conference cut was only about
category definitely known to be black and that is only
$20 million deeper than the Senate had recommended. As a
because the House Armed Services Committee identified it
result, black programs were trimmed by only 2.5 per cent,
as such in cutting that sum from the budget request. The
compared with the 9 per cent cut levied against the over-all
actual figure could well be as much as $5 billion out of a total
fiscal 1987 Defense Department budget submission.
fiscal 1987 defense operations and maintenance request of
Two somewhat contradictory columns below sum up the
$86.4 billion. Likewise, the black portion of the $76.8 billion
results of the 99th Congress's perusal of the fiscal 1987 black
fiscal 1987 personnel budget request is also almost impossi-
budget. One, labeled "final Congress," simply shows the
ble to derive from public documents, although that, too,
results of subtracting the final appropriations conference
cuts from the original black budget requests. The other,
could amount to billions of dollars. Even though the National
Security Agency (NSA) is estimated to have from 50,000-
labeled "final Pentagon," reflects how the fiscal 1987 black
60,000 employees, the Senate Armed Services Committee
budget is displayed in the Defense Department's fiscal 1988
noted in its report authorizing military personnel levels that
budget books. Discrepancies between the two, totaling about
"employees of the [NSA] are excluded because employment
$370 million, largely reflect the Pentagon's practice of de-
statistics are classified information."
classifying the budget numbers of some programs for the
In the table, the defense agencies listed as receiving black
büdget year just passed while keeping in the black those for
money are the NSA, the Defense Intelligence Agency and
the year in which funds are now being requested.
the Defense Mapping Agency. The CIA's budget-esti-
The numbers below by no means delineate the entire black
mated as somewhere in the $1.5 billion range—is likely con-
budget. The $160.2 million shown for black operations and
maintenance, for instance, is only that portion of that budget
cealed in the Air Force's black budget. All dollars are in
millions, by fiscal year.
Senate
Appropriations
changes
=$52.3
-76.2
+7.4
-26.2
$147.3
Conference
changes
-$145.6
-65.6
+29.2
+30.0
-$152.0
1987
final
Congress
$780.5
1,088.8
5,691.4
1,745.3
$9,306.0
1987
final
Pentagon
$514.9
1,054.1
6,129.4
1,598.4
$9,296.8
1988
request
$918.3
2,109.3
6,400.9
1,750.6
$11,179.1
=$14.8
-$72.5
-402.0
+48.0
$368.8
-S20.4
$536:5
-294.9
t63.8
-$303.6
-$3.3
-$105.2
-$564.1
$278.5
$26.1
11,091.7
1,209.0
$12,605.3
$89.1
$55.0
$22,055.4
$8.8
25.6
10,991.4
1,192.7
$12,218.5
$89.1
NA
$21,659.4
$146.6
27.8
11,733.0
969.8
$12,877.2
$253.7
NA
$24,310.0
siness lies in producing black defense
toriel, Dingell said, there is "only one
ide auditor cleared to deal with the
olo thing." In a March 23 letter to
Cates and Exchange Commission
A chairman John S.R. Shad, Dingell
mplained that when the Pentagon last
gust held up progress payments to
kneed on the black program
high it had misplaced documents,
"the
•committee was told that Lockheed
Wo not file a disclosure statement with
SEC regardless of whether the
no withheld is considered material."
gell asked Shad for the commis-
views on how these problems can
olved both to protect investor confi-
an our securities market and to pro-
no national security." The commit-
so plans to hold hearings on the
program financial disclosure issue
in late summer. "Right now, we're asking
questions, we're not coming forward with
solutions," Dingell said
"We assume
there is a solution: quite honestly, more
and better auditing by the Defense De-
partment and more clearance of outside
Dingell's continuing activism in the de-
fense management oversight arena—it
was his committee that first unearthed
the problems plaguing the new B-1B
bomber—has caused no small consterna-
tion on the House Armed Services Com-
mittee. "The Dingell excursions into the
defense area have aroused turf concerns
to a very high level," a committee source
Spurred on primarily by Dickinson,
that committee recently moved to aug-
ment its staff of investigators to counter a
growing impression that it has been lax in
exercising its oversight. One of the first
targets of the committee's reinvigorated
investigatory zeal, sources say, will be
black program management. Dingell "is
just totally encroaching on the Armed
Services Committee's jurisdiction,"
Dickinson complained in an interview. "It
seems like Mr. Dingell feels that anything
that is sold as commerce comes under his
jurisdiction."
"That's the first I've ever heard of any
dissatisfaction on his part," Dingell said,
adding that the Energy and Commerce
Committee has jurisdiction over the man-
agement practices of all corporations reg-
istered with the SEC. "We are not even
asking what the names of these programs
are; that's Mr. Dickinson's business.
There's plenty of room for the Armed
Services Committee to begin to address
these problems that are their responsibil-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1035, "chars": 6841, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Peeling Back the Black
How big is the black budget? Like the proverbial committee of blind men
striving to describe an elephant, outside analysts attempting to measure se-
cret Pentagon spending use different terms of reference and so often come
up with widely varying numbers.
So it was with three reports published this year on the black funds in
the fiscal 1988 Pentagon budget. Lee Feinstein of the Center for Defense
Information pegged the black portion of the military procurement, re-
search and development and construction budgets at $22.2 billion, while
Gordon Adams of the Defense Budget Project came up with $24.9 billion.
The highest number-"at least $35 billion" —was put forward by Phila-
delphia Inquirer reporter Tim Weiner, who factored in estimates of the
black parts of the military operations and maintenance and personnel bud-
gets as well as the black funds that he thought might be concealed in the
budgets of other departments, such as Energy, State and Justice.
The first step in calculating the black budget is to subtract from the
stated totals the dollar value of those programs for which the Pentagon
has classified its budget request. This is a simple if tedious process, the re-
sults of which are not subject to dispute: $10.9 billion for fiscal 1988 is
hidden. Where analysts differ is in how they treat those suspected black
programs for which the proposed spending is listed. Some count as black
anything having to do with special operations forces and any project de-
scribed in the Pentagon's "Five-Year Defense Program Structure" docu-
ment as confidential or secret. "There's a semantical problem as to what's
gray and what's black," Weiner said of the hazards attendant to this pro-
cedure. "I find a blurring between black and gray."
The search for black is rendered trickier by the way black funds can be
squirreled away in otherwise innocuous budget lines. Fiscal 1987 congres-
sional budget markup reports, for instance, reveal that a $3.7 billion Air
Force aircraft procurement line item called "other production charges"
contains three black programs worth $2.5 billion. A $334.2 million Air
Force missile procurement line item called "replenishment spares" also
conceals a pocket of black funds valued at $105.4 million. There are quite
likely other such caches of black funds not discernible to the outsider.
National Journal's analysis of the black budget relies on relatively con-
servative guidelines. The only programs counted as black are those for
which the dollar request is not listed, those that congressional reports iden-
tify as containing secret funds and those Defense Department documents
describe as being "special-access programs" —meaning they are subjected
to security controls far beyond those provided for confidential, secret or
top secret projects. According to these criteria, the Pentagon's fiscal 1988
procurement, R&D and construction requests contain $24.3 billion in
black spending. The operations and maintenance and personnel accounts,
less amenable to this sort of reverse engineering, likely conceal billions of
other black dollars. (See NJ, 3/1/86, p. 492.)
The Defense Department, not surprisingly, insists on a narrower defini-
tion of what is black and what is not.
«The term "black program' has no
official status in any policy or regulation and is often incorrectly used as a
catchall for the correct term—'special-access programs,'" the department
said in a two-page "talking paper" provided to National Journal in lieu of
an interview. Such programs,
"whose very existence and purpose may in
and of itself be classified," are often described as black, the paper contin-
ued. "However, not all special-access programs are "black,' i.e., their exis-
tence may not be classified."
An example of the latter would be the stealthy Advanced Technology
Bomber, the existence of which is officially acknowledged but about which
so little is publicly known—including its annual costs-that it is univer-
sally regarded as a black program. The department's protestations notwith-
standing, Pentagon employees routinely use the term "black" to describe a
variety of sensitive weapons programs ranging from those requiring the
highest possible special access to those they are merely uncomfortable dis-
872 NATIONAL JOURNAL 4/11/87
ity. We applaud them for hiring addi-
tional auditors to do so."
Another Member who has been pen-
ning letters about black programs is Sen-
ate Appropriations Defense Subcommit-
tee member Lowell P. Weicker Jr.,
R-
Conn., who wrote Defense Secretary
Caspar W. Weinberger last December
questioning the "very disturbing trend"
of mounting black budgets. The emer-
gence of stealth technology was driving
this trend, Weicker wrote.
"technology burgeoning and finding its
way into almost every facet of weaponry,
the future growth potential in the size of
the "black' budget is almost unlimited."
While "there has been an increased
emphasis on the need-to-know principle
in publishing defense budgets..., we
would not categorize this increase as a
trend in secrecy," Weinberger responded
in a five-page letter that may be the Pen-
tagon's most comprehensive public state-
ment on its black budget to date. A
Weicker aide said that the letter was be-
ing reviewed by the GAO while the Sena-
tor mulled a legislative proposal to curtail
the growth of secret budgeting.
Department regulations stipulate that
only the Defense Secretary, his deputy
and the three service secretaries are au-
thorized to create special-access pro-
grams, Weinberger told Weicker. These
programs do not suffer for lack of depart-
mental review, he added, because the
DIS, the Defense Contract Audit
Agency, the Defense Logistics Agency
and the Pentagon inspector general "each
have dedicated cadres of specially
cleared and qualified personnel who pro-
vide oversight, audit and inspection to
many special-access programs." Commit-
tee aides said, however, that the inspector
general has told them there are also many
black programs to which he does not have
unimpeded access.
MURKY GRAY
Weinberger's most significant state-
in response to Weicker's
query as to whether it was possible to
separate black technology from unclassi-
fied budgetary information "as the Army
has done so successfully in the case of the
M-1 tank," the composition of the armor
of which is among the military's most
closely held secrets.
"Yes, in fact, such a
separation is most desirable from a secu-
rity point of view because it avoids ex-
pending security resources for the protec-
tion of information that may not require
it," Weinberger wrote. But, he cautioned,
"where knowledge of the mere existence
of the program is classified, this would
probably not be possible."
A two-toned approach-comprising
black technology and white budgets—-to
budgeting for special-access programs

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 788, "chars": 4828, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
would likely
assuage the concerns of
many Members.
"Many of these pro-
grams involve stealth technology, and I
agree that the blueprints and many de-
tails ought to be kept behind closed
doors," said Sen. Paul Simon, D-IIl., in
the most recent of several floor state-
ments on the black budget. "But the Pen-
tagon's stealthiness should be applied to-
ward military hardware, not Members of
The puzzling question of why budgets
for some sensitive technologies are classi-
fied while others are not motivates Box-
er's proposal that the Pentagon be re-
quired to list all white-world counterparts
to its black-world programs. Electronic
warfare programs, for instance, are a
patchwork of black and white, even
though the whole field of endeavor is
highly classified. See NJ, 11/22/86, p.
The Tacit Rainbow saga is a striking
case study of how white and black can
meld into a uniformly murky gray. The
Air Force's budget reports for fiscal 1988
released in January displayed new line
items for something called Tacit Rain-
bow, for which the money requested was
blacked out. The Navy also had an entry
for Tacit Rainbow but listed its request:
$14.7 million. Last month, however, the
Pentagon
eased the classification for
Tacit Rainbow—which turns out to be a
"smart" cruise missile designed to zero in
on enemy radars—-and even went so far
as to release a photograph.
The decision has been made to ac-
knowledge the existence of this capability
at this time.... to allow cooperation and
participation of our NATO allies," the
department announced in a terse state-
ment. "All other specific information of
this weapon is classified with strict need-
to-know being enforced." Budgetary data
on the Air Force's share of this peek-a-
Some data on the "black" Tacit Rainbow missile have been revealed.
boo project, therefore, remains
black.
There are other anomalies.
The Navy is working on a new
attack aircraft for the 1990s,
the Advanced Technology Air-
craft (ATA). Because it will in-
corporate many stealth fea-
tures, the ATA is black. The Air
Force is also working on a new
jet, an air superiority fighter
called the Advanced Tactical
Fighter (ATF). But, though it
will also rely heavily on stealth,
the ATF's budget is white. "Our
program is black in terms of the
technology and so on, but the
line item is not," Col. Albert C.
Piccirillo, then manager of the
ATF program, said in an inter-
view last summer. Because "it's
a very large program with so
many contract and logistical
players, we felt it was best doing
it this way." (See NJ, 7/19/86,
p. 1805.)
The Navy may come to re-
gret doing it the other way. In
weighing the arguments pro
and
con for classifying the
ATA's program data, the Con-
gressional Research Service
noted in a new report that "in the current
climate of waning popular support for de-
fense spending, a new weapon system
such as the ATA needs a broad base of
public support, which is more likely to be
gained through disclosure of more in-
formation than the Navy has provided on
this program."
The Navy could well be forced by Con-
gress this year to make public that bud-
getary information. The black budget is
undeniably on a hot front political burner
this year. The House Armed Services Re-
search and Development Subcommittee,
Rep. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif.
What goes on in white world goes on in black.
for instance, approved Boxer's bills dur-
ing its April 1 markup of the fiscal 1987
defense bill; the full committee is thought
likely to follow suit, if it does not craft
stronger legislation of its own. In fact,
Boxer's bills are mild compared
with
other possible proposals that could be in-
troduced from the floor, such as a manda-
tory creeping sunshine provision.
We "will take action, if it is not volun-
tarily done by the Defense Department,"
Dickinson pledged. "In many areas, the
dollars involved can be declassified, or if
not declassified, then lower the classifica-
tion from 'special-access' to 'secret' so
that Members can get a look at them.
And that is what I think is going to hap-
pen." Chairman Aspin was unavailable
for comment. But, said his spokesman,
Warren L. Nelson: "Virtually everybody
on the committee believes the black bud-
get is too big. That's not a point of conten-
tion within the committee, but between
the committee and Cap Weinberger."
And, though it has tended to become
less exercised about the black budget is-
sue than its House counterpart, the Sen-
ate Armed Services Committee could
well prove amenable to a legislative rem-
Defense Departmen
edy, sources say. The Pentagon tends "to
go 'black' more than they should," com-
mittee chairman Sam Nunn, D-Ga., told
the Associated Press last January. "There
needs to be rigorous scrutiny, and there
ought to be a caution light on black pro-
grams."
NATIONAL JOURNAL 4/11/87 873
Richard A. Bloom
