{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:52:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 51, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 508769, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18576-beardensolution.pdf", "source_sha256": "07da24786733527746ad79d9d714b18741c6de4cdf6b798a1224255b92659bc1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2749, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rapid and Decisive Solution of the World Energy Crisis
and Global Warming
© T. E. Bearden Dec. 2007
Foreword
The Problem:
The present energy paradigm
—that one must almost always consume fuel {1} and
dirtily provide EM energy and power-has failed.
Applying it has caused-and thus cannot solve (a) the escalating world fuel crisis
(b) hence the escalating energy crisis, and (c) its accompanying and escalating global
warming, climate change, and biospheric pollution crises.
Catastrophic national economic collapses and more intensive global changes {2} are
looming-with additional severe drought and water shortages, and increasing changes
and violence in climate and weather. Yet the worldwide demand for energy rapidly
escalates while the world's fuel shortage is also rapidly increasing.
Worldwide there is a century of investment in the present totally inadequate electric
power structures, grids, and systems. These must somehow be "altered" so as to be clean,
but then can still be used, since their financial replacement costs are just not possible.
Most energy is presently obtained by "dirty" methods {3}. Hence as energy
production increases, so do harmful combustion byproducts, nuclear wastes, and
biospheric contamination —as well as global warming. This is totally because of (a) the
present obsolete energy paradigm and (b) the abject failure of our scientific community to
change it.
Climate changes are already starting {4} {5} {6), and moving much swifter than
expected {7). By 2030, the combination of these factors will increasingly spell
worldwide economic and biospheric chaos if the present "dirty energy" paradigm
continues to be followed. Eventually the collapse of Western Civilization itself may loom
as a possibility.
Summary of the Problem
(1) Most of our EM energy production also produces lots of "dirt" in the process of
obtaining the energy.
(2) The solution has to be to produce our EM energy without producing dirt at all.
(3) Other than small contributions by wind, hydro, geothermal, and solar power,
presently there is no really "clean energy" process in widespread usage {8}.
(4) Science has no truly effective way to "clean" the dirt (or dispose of it) that is
produced to get the energy, even if we "catch" the dirt and hold it. Catching
carbon byproducts from the combustion of coal, e.g., and then calling for
"sequestration" does not get rid of the dirt. Putting the carbon dirt in the ocean
merely acidifies the ocean (its acidity is already beginning to harm and kill ocean
life forms) and eventually puts it right back into the atmosphere again {93.
(5) The central problem is: We presently produce most of our EM energy by
simultaneously producing harmful dirt that we simply cannot render harmless.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3271, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(6) The only real solution is: We must produce all the EM energy we need, cheaply
and cleanly, essentially without the production of any dirt at all.
(7) Ironically, all EM energy is already produced cleanly from the vacuum via the
source dipolarity of the generating system itself. It is not produced by consuming
fuel to crank the shaft of the generator, although a hundred years of electrical
engineers and professors have taught and been falsely taught that it is {10;. So
burning the hydrocarbon fuel or consuming nuclear fuel rods has nothing to do
with the direct production of EM energy {11;.
(8) Hence the specific problem is to catch and use the free EM energy flowing from
its universal vacuum source, without consuming fuel and without cranking the
shaft of the generator-and without depending on the wind, sun, or water. Any
dipole already does exactly this, because of its proven broken symmetry known
since 1957 and the award of the Nobel Prize to Lee and Yang {12;.
(9) This now surfaces the real problem: Our electrical engineering process has to be
doing something "diabolical" that deliberately forces each and every EM energy
system to destroy its source dipolarity faster than it powers its load. Otherwise,
no further physical input of mechanical shaft energy to the generator would be
necessary, once we had initially forced the generator to form its own internal
source dipole {13). Instead, the EM energy would flow freely and forever from
the sustained dipole, without ever another "cranking" of the generator shaft.
Facts Bearing on the Problem:
(1) One does not have to consume fuel in order to obtain energy! Spacetime/vacuum
itself is the greatest energetic source in the universe, with more energy in a cubic
centimeter of space than the Earth consumes in a million years {14} {15}.
(2) Modern physics proves that the energetic vacuum indeed has this high energy
activity, and that it (the active vacuum) continuously interacts with every charge
{16} (magnetic or electric) in the universe, freely and continuously providing the
normal EM fields and all their EM energy.
(3) Yet our energy models—such as the more than a century-old and crippled
electrical engineering (EE) model-still falsely assume an inert spacetime/vacuum
environment.
(4) The archaic, seriously flawed 1880s/1890s electrical engineering model {17} is
thus a —and perhaps themajor cause of the escalating world energy problem,
although this fact is completely ignored
(5) Every observable joule of observable EM energy in the universe including in
every EM system and circuitis (and has always been) directly extracted from the
seething virtual state vacuum via the broken symmetry of the system's internal
source dipolarity {18}.
(6) Every simple piece (few inches) of copper wire, lying on the shelf alone, with no
"circuit current" running in it, involves enormous ongoing energy and power
sufficient to power a major nation if it were tapped {19}.
(7) Since the archaic old EE model was formed in the 1880s and 1890s, modern
physics—including special and general relativity, quantum mechanics, quantum
electrodynamics, gauge field theory, quantum field theory, and particle physics—
has been born and developed. Physics has made a century of progress since the old

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3417, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EE model was "frozen" in 1892. Modern physics assures us that the
vacuum/spacetime has enormous energy, and that it continually interacts with
every charge in a circuit, system, and the universe, continually exchanging
enormous even mind-boggling energy with it. Indeed, all forces in all our
systems are produced by the interaction and exchange of virtual particles of the
vacuum {20}.
(8) The EE's term for "potentialization" (as, to "potentialize" a circuit), actually
means to form a potential gradient in the local vacuum dynamics {21} in which
that circuit is embedded {22,. In turn, that alters the ongoing interaction of that
vacuum with the circuit charges {23}, thereby freely "collecting" in the circuit (on
the free charges q) the potential energy W given by W = Vq. All that is needed to
collect the necessary potential energy on the charges in a given circuit is to
independently supply the voltage. This can be done absolutely work-free while
current is deliberately pinned and kept zero during the brief potentializing
process.
(9) To correct the horribly flawed EE problem, the escalating world energy problem,
and the escalating global warming and climate-changing problem, physicists in
several disciplines not just EEs and environmental scientists-must be directly
involved. Trying to use electrical engineers to solve the problem that their own
discipline and model create in the first places utterly useless.
(10) Eminent scientists-including Nobelists such as Feynman have pointed out the
major EE falsities {24}, but to no avail. The scientific leadership has no intention
of correcting that terrible 1880s EE model {17}.
(11) So a major "Manhattan Project" with maximum effort is required to quickly and
forcibly give us a dramatic new replacement of the old paradigm (25; {26;.
(12) Since the present scientific establishment adamantly refuses to correct the sadly
flawed old 1880s/1890s classical electrodynamics model {27), the new project
must be powerfully ordered and controlled from above the scientitic orthodoxy
{28), as was the Manhattan Project in WW II. We shall have to force our
scientists to do science! A highly concentrated project is required
(13) Such a concentrated project is doable in a very few years (about five or six), just
as the Manhattan Project demonstrated historically. There we went from almost a
zero start to a fully operational atomic bomb, in about 5 years ‹29). We can do the
same thing now for the energy crisis if we implement such a crash program.
(14) We also advance a proven but novel mechanism—negative resonance absorption
of the medium or NRAM—which can be rapidly adapted to produce self-powering
heat amplifiers {30), to be applied to electrical power plant steam boilers
worldwide to make the boilers "self-heating". This will dramatically reduce
combustion byproducts and nuclear wastes world-wide almost immediately, while
capitalizing on the huge sunk costs in almost all our present major electrical power
systems {31} {32} {33} {34}.
(15) We advance another novel mechanism, whereby one deliberately uses negative
EM energy (obtained by using sharp gradients to provoke Dirac holes in the local
interacting vacuum) in one's circuits {35}. If a flow of negative EM energy passes
down a conductor into an impedance in series, then the active vacuum medium
freely inserts additional negative energy into that impedance, so that along the
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2900, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
conductive path leaving the impedance there is a greater flow of negative energy
out of the impedance and along the flow path, than the negative energy the
operator inputs into it from the input side.
(16) A set of such "amplifying impedances" in series along a negative energy flow
path can provide as much negative energy flow from the active vacuum as one
wishes (or is able to control by the state of the technology at the time-starting
from a single flashlight battery powering a very small negative energy source
{36}.
(17) Bedini has been using this effect in his battery chargers for 20 years, with
excellent results and proof of COP>1.0. With positive energy flow, an impedance
produces a "scattering" of energy from the flow into the external environment-
hence is a system loss and the energy is "dissipated" (from the circuit path out into
the environment) from the system. With negative energy flow, an impedance
produces/receives a "free gathering" of additional input negative energy from the
active vacuum, and so negative energy flow is freely "gained" by the circuit and
system due to the free input from the active environment. In short, the
"dissipation" is then from the external vacuum environment into the impedance
and therefore into the system as a system gain, whereas with normal positive
energy the "dissipation" is out of the system and back into the external
environment as a system loss.
(18) Indeed, working, experimentally tested, independently replicated, and proven
Bedini free energy systems are available now and are already in limited
production and marketing {37) {38). At least a dozen other systems such as self-
powering permanent magnet motors are also available from Bedini, requiring only
the funding for a little further production engineering and then dramatic
production and marketing.
(19) From other researchers and research groups worldwide, other systems still in the
"bench demonstrator" category are also available for more extensive R&D
completion and then for production and deployment {39}.
Solution Required:
(1) We need a prompt and massive shift to a new energy paradigm that provides the
necessary energy without consumption of fuel, taking the energy freely from the
energetic vacuum/spacetime and thus producing no "dirt".
(2) We must have it and implement it as rapidly as is humanly possible.
(3) Electrical engineering already deliberately excludes the new paradigm {40}.
(4) It is not an "electrical engineering" problem, but a physics problem {41} {42}.
(5) The new paradigm shift must also be economically frugal, and it can be {43}.
(6) Bits and pieces of the suitable new paradigm are available in the various
compartments of physics, primarily needing "combining and finishing" {44).
(7) We urgently need a Manhattan-type "energy from the vacuum" project to produce
and implement the new energy paradigm area. We need it now.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2977, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Advantages That Accrue:
(1) There are known but ignored legitimate prototype COP>1.0 solutions already
available worldwide, but rather rigorously suppressed {45} {46). These can be
substantially funded for their more rapid completion.
(2) With the proper crash program we will quickly get clean, cheap, economical
solutions to the world energy crisis at all levels ‹473.
(3) We will get prompt, dramatic reduction in (a) global warming emissions etc., (b)
nuclear wastes production and storage, and (C) present harmful pollution and
despoiling of the biosphere {48}.
(4) We will get prompt, dramatic reduction in (a) burning of fossil fuels, (b)
consumption of nuclear fuel rods, and (c) production of harmful wastes (nuclear
and other contaminants) by specially adapting most power plants already on site,
including nuclear power plants {48%.
(5) We will also get dramatic solutions for curing and reversing most present medical
diseases as well, including those now considered incurable—and also including
the major debilitation effects of aging. This will follow from the development of
precursor engineering and production of the proven Fogal semiconductor, in the
latter program of the Manhattan-type Project.
(6) Practical antigravity systems and space propulsion systems will be made possible
very quickly {49;. This follows from developing systems-as Bedini has done
that use negative energy (which Tesla discovered and called "radiant energy").
(7) Instant noise-free communications will be available almost immediately {50}
using the Fogal chip {51) and the beginning of the very novel precursor
engineering that it accomplishes. A description of the functioning of the Fogal
chip is given in the seventh program of this Solutions paper.
(8) With the final program (precursor engineering) we also get the ability to engineer
mind and life {52), and indeed we engineer spacetime/vacuum and its structuring
and dynamics {53} {54).
(9) With precursor engineering, we gain the ability to directly engineer reality itself,
dramatically extending the present standard scientific method which uses models
fitted to experimental observation only and is thus limited {55}.
(10) Under rigorous independent laboratory tests, when "idled" at light loading, the
Fogal semiconductor {51) has already demonstrated its ability to settle into
precursor engineering and engineer the energetic vacuum/spacetime directly {56}.
Nonetheless, Fogal and his chip have been resoundingly suppressed for nearly two
decades.
Requirements for Deploying a Solution to the Energy Crisis:
(1) The source of energy in the new paradigm must be from a new and clean aspect of
the active environmentfrom spacetime itse!!.
(2) The source must be ubiquitous, inexhaustible, and clean. It must be applicable and
available to homes, factories, cities, automobiles, airplanes, ships, electric power
systems, propulsion systems, etc.
(3) Extracting and using the energy must also be cheap, simple, and clean.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3172, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(4) The new power systems should be "self-powered" by the energetic environment,
analogous to a windmill-driven generator or a solar cell array, taking their EM
energy "input wind" freely from this new environmental energy source.
(5) Once the system is built and deployed, self-powering should be automatic and
free, by adding use of clamped positive feedback. As with any other technical
system, minimal normal maintenance and upkeep is expected and permissible.
(6) Ideally there should be no harmful emission byproducts-such as CO2 and nuclear
wastes {57} at all.
(7) Carbon sequestration (a special form of environmental pollution) must not be
required, so CO2 emissions must not occur.
(8) Altering and adapting the dirty-powering of the established centralized electrical
power systems and grids of the U.S. and other nations to clean-powering is the
first and highest priority requirement.
(9) Altering and adapting the powering of automobiles, trucks, trains, ships, aircraft,
etc. is the second highest requirement.
(10) Instead of initial total replacement, the present centralized electrical power
systems must be quickly adapted, dramatically cleaned up, and their sunk costs
capitalized upon, while the other new, clean power systems are being developed
and phased in over time.
An Example Indicator:
(1) It is ridiculously easy and cheap to evoke a steady, free flow of real EM energy,
anywhere, anytime. This "free EM energy wind" flow will last forever if its simple
source is left undisturbed.
(2) One way is to simply lay an electret on a permanent magnet, so that the electret's
E-field is orthogonal to the H-field of the magnet. Then just leave it alone.
(3) By every present EE textbook's Poynting energy flow theory, that silly gadget will
sit there and freely and steadily pour out a real Poynting energy flow S, given by
the simple equation S = E x H. If the gadget remains unmolested, it will freely and
unceasingly pour out real, usable Poynting EM energy until the end of time.
(4) So getting a cheap, absolutely clean, unending EM energy "wind" is easy.
(5) But to use some of it freely (as a windmill freely uses the wind), one must build an
asymmetric system a priori.
(6) The problem is that our electrical engineers since 1892 have used a deliberately-
crippled, "symmetrized" model. It does not allow an asymmetrical EM system to
be built, but requires that only symmetrical EM systems be built {58} {59}.
(7) Hence the electrical power engineer does not even understand how to build a
"proper electrical windmill" to catch and utilize the free EM energy of that wind
from the vacuum/spacetime-because such a system is asymmetrical a priori, and
is totally excluded from the EE's theoretical model and from his thinking.
(8) The free flow of real EM energy "wind" from the gadget is being extracted
directly from the virtual state vacuum by the broken symmetry of each of the two
dipoles {60}.
(9) If the arbitrary symmetrization of the Heaviside equations done by Lorentz in
1892 at the bidding of J. P. Morgan—is eliminated, there is already rigorous proof
in the hard physics literature that such free energy currents from the vacuum

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1638, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
become available and are now usable by the proper asymmetric system {42}.
Hence COP>1.0 EM systems are made feasible and practicable.
(10) By removing the artificial Lorentz "symmetrization" and again including the
asymmetrical systems contained in Maxwell's original model {40}, one is then
free to design and build "proper EM windmill systems". Such a system can collect
some of the free EM wind energy from our "silly gadget" and then separately
dissipate the collected free EM potential energy to power loads "for free".
(11) It is also possible to input a certain amount of energy to a subsystem of a bigger
system of multiple such subsystems, and have that energy do more work in joules
than the energy input by the operator. Electrical power engineers do not seem to
understand this at all, and even many thermodynamicists do not understand it. But
it is true. There is a conservation of energy law, but there is not a conservation of
work law {61}.
(12) It is not necessary to burn a single gallon of oil, a liter of coal, or consume any
nuclear fuel rods in order to obtain all the usable EM energy one wishes cheaply,
cleanly, anytime, anywhere {62). The result is a dramatic reversal of the present
contaminating and global-warming electrical power technology to self-powering,
clean, economical systems that are fuel-free or almost entirely fuel-free.
(13) Seven typical programs are listed which should be part of the intense Manhattan
project to be launched. Others such as solid state self-powering "batteries" {46}
may be added readily, but the seven listed will suffice to do the job quickly,
cleanly, and inexpensively.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3581, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RECOMMENDED MANHATTAN PROJECT:
EXAMPLE PROGRAMS
Introduction
We note that others such as Nobelist Gore {25} are calling for a Manhattan Project to
solve the global climate warming, pollution, and escalating energy problem. However,
most of our political leaders—fed by our scientific community which has its head firmly
buried in the sand in the ostrich position still are thinking only in terms of the "standard
paradigm"—the very one that has already failed so miserably. As an example, see the
2006 report {63} that the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology
(PCAST) provided to President Bush-and observe its severe limitations and total
omission of energy-from-the-vacuum systems, even though every joule of observable EM
energy in every EM field and circuit and system in the universe is and has been extracted
directly from the seething vacuum via the broken symmetry of the source dipolarity.
The blunt truth is that PCAST itself has no inkling of what really powers an electrical
circuit! It is not cranking the shaft of the generator, because that only restores the source
dipole and its broken symmetry (that the silly symmetrical systems built by our EEs
destroy faster than the systems power their loads). To prove it, in one of the seven
recommended programs we reveal how to extract and use all the real EM energy one
wishes, from any very cheap static voltage source that is never depleted
To show the nature of what has to be done to tackle and solve the energy and climate
problems, and to develop a new technology of "energy from the vacuum" systems, here is
an elementary example of the several parts of one fundamental requirement:
(1) There has to be developed a major math model. It must be fitted to a very large
number of phenomenology experiments in everything from quantum field theory, gauge
field theory, particle physics, higher group symmetry electrodynamics, etc. that
encompass the vacuum energy interaction phenomenology met with when the EFTV
system is asymmetric. There is no such model today, and producing one is a truly major
scientific task in multiple physics disciplines (quantum mechanics, quantum
electrodynamics, gauge field theory, quantum field theory, etc.). We would estimate this
task as an initial $50 million task to yield a minimally satisfactory initial model as a
"starter". Obviously, however, the task should continue and be further funded as the rest
of the Manhattan Project programs continue, since it supports them all and since its
refinement is necessary if we are to develop a fitted technology.
(2) The new model has to encompass the differences encountered in different
locations (due to difference in arrangement of the charged matter, its atoms, nuclei etc.—
and thus to the differences in the local vacuum interactions from place to place.
(3) The "fitting" to the differences must also be extended to electronic parts. E.g., in
an EFTV COP>1.0 asymmetric system, a capacitor (certain size, certain rating) made in
China may react differently in a given local vacuum area, from the "same" capacitor
made in India. Symmetrical systems rule this out because they self-cancel the differences
in the vacuum interactions, deliberately enforcing the net interaction to be zero but
asymmetrical systems do not. In fact, such systems have to include it in the model,
because it is directly experienced in real life for such systems.
(4) This task alone (formulating and fitting a new model) is a many-million dollar
effort, requiring several different specialists in various compartments of physics
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3569, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(quantum field theory, gauge field theory, particle physics, etc.) along with many
thousands of carefully designed and controlled phenomenology experiments, changing as
the model develops and improves slowly. The team of specialists and experimentalists
also has to re-insert negative energy (arbitrarily and improperly discarded by Dirac and
others as shown by Solomon etc.), and work all that out as well.
(5) They also have to do a complete "retranslation" of the 1880s/1890s lingo of
normal electrical engineering to modern physics terms and concepts. E.g., to "potentialize
a circuit" is an erroneous concept. What is actually done is to potentialize the local
vacuum (change one or more constituent potentials and its/their dynamics, comprising the
local vacuum) in which the circuit is embedded, so that there is a difference in potential
(energy density of the ongoing vacuum interaction with a standard charge) between the
"high" side of the external circuit and the "low" or ground side of it. This means there is
a difference in the ongoing interaction (between vacuum and charge) in the "top" of the
circuit versus in the "bottom" of the circuit. This spatial difference in the ongoing
vacuum interactions (top and bottom) is what is actually produced by "potentializing the
external circuit". In short, we must also "spell out" the vacuum engineering processes.
(6) Similarly, the astounding errors in the hoary old electrical engineering model
pointed out by Nobelists such as Feynman and others-must be corrected. A listing of
these known falsities and errors in the CEM/EE model has been given by the present
author {17,. That horribly flawed old model presently taken as the "holy gospel"-is
what must be corrected and severely updated and expanded to include the asymmetrical
Maxwellian systems that it presently artificially excludes.
(7) Presently most scientists and engineers keep thinking (from our century-old
singularized symmetrical circuits and applications experience with the highly crippled but
well-fitted electrical engineering model) that asymmetrical EFTV COP>1.0 EM systems
are simple. In that odd and ill-informed view, if an EFTV inventor really "has it" and
knows what he is doing, then all he has to do is run down to Radio Shack, get some
standard parts (fitted to the "self-enforced symmetrical system" case only) and whomp
them together, and then he's ready to put his system or systems directly into production
and marketing. That entire prevailing viewpoint is a colossal joke. If it were that simple,
our sharp young doctoral candidates and post doctoral scientists at our leading
universities would have done all this about 80 years ago. They didn't, and they haven't
(8) The problem is that what has failed is an old long-outdated and error-riddled
energy paradigm dating from the 1880s and 1890s. We have to develop a completely new
energy paradigm, not just whomp up a kit of parts in the old one. Because it self-enforces
symmetrical Maxwellian systems, we already know that the old model arbitrarily
eliminates all asymmetrical COP>1.0 EFTV Maxwellian systems.
Conclusions
Thus one sees the reason we are speaking of a Manhattan Project with very substantial
funding (hundreds of millions of dollars) and competent and highly selected staffing.
This is not just another exercise for some electrical engineers and the presently failed
old EE electric power paradigm.
Try finding a single EE textbook that simply lists and discusses the major assumptions
in the present old CEM/EE model. There are none to my knowledge.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 3085, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Try finding a single EE textbook that discusses the significance-and profound
ramifications of Lorentz's 1892 symmetrization of the already sharply curtailed
Heaviside equations (already only a pale subset of Maxwell's theory). There are none to
my knowledge.
Thus the major nature of the necessary program to correct the presently flawed and
failed paradigm is obvious. In this paper, we outline merely what would be one such
"Manhattan-type program" that would do the job. We do not discuss every potential
COP>1.0 EFTV process or system; but we discuss the ones which (1) are absolutely
necessary regardless of difficulty, (2) are already showing sufficient promise and
progress to insure a very high probability of success, and (3) can be done in five years or
less, assuming an all-out and well-funded and staffed program.
PROGRAM I
Convert Static Voltage to Any Amount of Electrical Power Required
Program I will be the conversion of a static voltage (available world wide) from a
simple static source to furnish (freely) any amount of electrical power desired. It is
simple and very cheap to provide a static voltage source indeed, one may take the
necessary "source static voltage" directly from the earth-electrosphere vertical voltage
gradient anywhere and everywhere on Earth. This "charged earth-to-electrosphere"
voltage gradient averages about 300,000 volts {64). When standing, its voltage
difference between one's head and one's foot may thus reach about 250 volts or even
more.
As a "source" for the proper asymmetric circuit or system, a static voltage can be
made to potentialize the charges in a briefly-connected external circuit (or a great number
of them) without drawing current.
The freely-potentialized external circuit can then be disconnected from the source
(with circuit charges still pinned and zero current), and its gap recompleted (as, e.g., by
adding a diode and a resistor in series, with the diode oriented in the "current pumped
around the loop" direction). This makes the freely potentialized external circuit complete
again, but as a separate system entirely separated from the original static voltage source.
Once the separated external circuit is recompleted, its charges are allowed to come
unpinned and current will flow in it, powering the load while the freely-potentialized
circuit dissipates its potential energy. Then the process is iterated; the gap is re-opened
and the static source is reconnected with the charges again pinned, to again freely
potentialize the external circuit.
So one potentializes freely and statically with original source connected, and then
dissipates the collected excess potential energy dynamically and separately from the
original source.
In this manner the static voltage source will iteratively furnish all the electrical power
in a specific circuit that one wishes, literally without limit, and without having to do work
just to continue having the source. If one uses only voltage input from the static voltage
source to one's external circuit, then no change in the source's static voltage occurs,
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3359, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
because no current flows from or through it, and hence no electrical power is drawn from
it or used to destroy it.
Use of a static voltage source in this current-free fashion is beyond simply repeating
the WW II use of the known difference of potential (between a jungle treetop and the
earth's surface) to draw sufficient power (both current and voltage) to power a small
radio in the South Pacific. There the troops used only the standard symmetric EM circuit,
which has to draw power (both voltage and current) from the earth-electrosphere voltage
difference source utilized and thus has to do work in getting the radios powered.
The overall power that can be drawn directly from a segment of the static earth-
electrosphere capacitor's voltage and charge is very small, but if one draws only voltage
(with dq/dt = 0) and uses the proper asymmetric circuitry to collect and flow (shuttle) that
voltage onto pinned charges q in a collecting circuit, then one can take and use just the
voltage. Using this free static voltage to potentialize the external circuit will produce the
desired amount of free potential energy W in the asymmetric collecting system (on those
pinned charges q) that one requires, by the simple equation W = Vq. If we do not allow
any current from the external circuit and load to flow back through the dipolar voltage
source, then all we continually need from the source is the voltage V itself. That can and
will be sustained indefinitely by the source. Freely! Forever!
"Static voltage" is actually a dynamic set of ongoing bidirectional EM energy flows
(longitudinal waves), as rigorously shown by Whittaker in 1903 {65}. Hence so-called
"static" voltage will indeed flow (without doing work) onto a "statically connected"
collection circuit containing pinned charges q, "potentializing" that receiving circuit so
that stored potential energy W = Vq appears in it.
This "statically potentialized" (excited) collection circuit is then separated from the
static voltage source. The gap left by the disconnected primary static source is
recompleted (say, by a resistor and diode in series across the gap) as a separate external
circuit and system, and then this separated circuit's freely collected EM potential energy
is dissipated in its loads to power them. This results in delivering a fixed amount of free
power to the loads to power them, completely independently of the primary static source
(the electrosphere, in this example) {66). Any convenient and very cheap static voltage
source can be substituted.
This type of asymmetric system and circuitry is a part of the Heaviside model
equations that Lorentz {59} deliberately discarded in 1892 by arbitrarily symmetrizing
the equations for the specific purpose of eliminating all such systems, insuring that
electrical engineers build only COP<1.0 power systems insofar as taking the energy from
the local vacuum potential is concerned. Since then, EEs have always built and used only
symmetrized power systems, thus directly generating the world's present energy crisis.
PROGRAM I
Easily Build and Use Self-Powering Permanent Magnet Motors
Program Il is developing the "easy" self-powering permanent magnet motor, built by
using specially-produced permanent magnets each having an asymmetric field laterally
(deliberately produced by applying nanocrystalline technology).
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3151, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The broken symmetry of the source dipole is what actually powers (furnishes the EM
energy for) an EM circuit or system; it is not the cranking of the shaft of a generator. We
have explained how a circuit or system is actually powered by energy extracted from the
seething virtual state vacuum by the circuit or system's broken symmetry. As Nobelist
Lee points out, when we have a broken symmetry then something previously virtual
becomes observable {60}.
To achieve the broken symmetry in a normal permanent magnet motor, electrical
engineers normally place a coil strategically, so that in the back mmf region between
rotor and stator magnets they introduce a timed current and additional magnetic field that
overpowers the back mmf and reverses the net field in that region temporarily. But this
costs the operator heavily for the power (voltage × current) produced in the coil, so that
we pay more to break the symmetry than we will obtain from the resulting rotation of the
motor and acceleration of shaft and flywheel rotation.
However, if the field symmetry inside the permanent magnet motor is broken by the
composite asymmetric field magnets themselves, in the proper geometric regions, then
we freely obtain the broken symmetry for "powering the system by converted vacuum
energy"
'. Such asymmetric-field permanent magnets can be produced by nanocrystalline
engineering techniques. Then they can be arranged in a system to furnish its self-
powering, using the freely introduced power from the converted virtual state vacuum
energy. Thus the energy to power the motor is continually extracted freely from the
vacuum, via the proven broken symmetry of a magnetic dipolarity (separation of opposite
poles and therefore separation of opposite magnetic charges), known since 1957 and the
award of the Nobel Prize to Lee and Yang for predicting such broken symmetry. Instead
of continually paying for the broken symmetry ourselves, the materials will do it "for
free."
Again, by Lorentz's arbitrary symmetrizing of the Heaviside equations in 1892 {67},
all such asymmetric permanent magnets were discarded from the theory and from the
electrical engineering textbooks—-as well as from the resulting electrical engineering
technology and practice. Consequently, for a century all our permanent bar magnets have
been produced with symmetrical fields to left and right.
The prohibition of self-powering permanent magnet systems has thus been a direct
decree of our electrical engineers, rigorously practicing symmetrization as dogmatically
ordained, in their highly restricted theoretical model, by Lorentz and J. P. Morgan more
than a century ago.
PROGRAM I
Adapt NRAM to Produce and Use Self-Powering Steam Boilers
Program III is the adaptation of the NRAM (negative resonance absorption of the
medium) technique from optical physics {31} {32} {33), to produce self-powering heat
amplifiers across most of the heat bandwidth. The heat amplifier should have an expected
COP = 4.0 or so. A self-powering (vacuum energy powered) heat amplifier is then added
to our present electric power plant steam boilers worldwide. Once the self-powering heat
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3629, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
amplifier is operational, then with clamped positive feedback the steam boiler itself
becomes self-powering and needs no further consumption of fuel or nuclear fuel rods to
continue to heat the water in the boiler and power the steam-turbine-powered generators.
The self-powering steam boiler allows direct capitalization and conversion of most of
our present on-site fuel-guzzling electric power systems to systems that burn only a tiny
bit of fuel to initially jump-start a single self-powering steam boiler and then cease all
further consumption of fuel. Once a single self-powering steam boiler is in operation, it is
then used to heat and jump-startone by one—all the other required self-powering steam
boilers. As large a system of self-powering steam boilers as desired can thus be "jump-
started" from only a tiny bit of initial fuel consumption to get one steam boiler up and
running, ready for "jump-starting" to self-powering operation.
The NRAM process was released by Russian researchers in 1967 (see Letokhov's
work {32}). Since then, optical physicists at all our leading university physics
departments have routinely performed NRAM experiments wherefor optimized
experiments—a self-resonant charged medium emits 18 times as much Poynting energy
flow as it absorbs from its input laser by normal (special relativistic) Poynting theory.
The reason is that such a process uses an additional general relativistic feature not
present in normal absorption, and thus it absorbs more "Poynting" (diverged) input
energy flow than is contained in the normal special relativistic calculation of Poynting
input energy.
Optical physicists working in this area, however, have been ruthlessly muzzled. None
is allowed to use the term "excess emission"
', but must use the deliberately mind-numbing
phrase "negative absorption". The physicists are not allowed to discuss the
thermodynamics of the process, since that would introduce the fact that the self-
oscillating NRAM medium exhibits COP = 18 in the optimized experiments. The optical
physicists are forced to speak only of "increase in the reaction cross section", and are not
allowed to point out this also means excess emission, effectively and literally.
Removing the iron censorship imposed on optical physicists in this area, one then
simply "widens the bandwidth" in the IR and heat area by laterally adding additional
NRAM sections (each tuned a bit differently to cover its part of the introduced heat
spectrum). This allows covering the required bandwidth of the input heating. This
increase in bandwidth {33(c)} by multiple parallel heat NRAM heat amplifiers will also
result in some loss of overall "optimized narrow band heat amplifier" COP, perhaps
reducing it from the standard COP = 18 for the optimized IR laser experiments to COP =
4 for the new assembly of paralleled NRAM "heat amps" to cover the desired heat
spectrum.
By adding clamped positive feedback of one part (to replace the normal input by the
operator), the entire heat amplifier process becomes "self-powering", taking all its input
energy directly from the seething vacuum.
At any rate, a self-powering "heat amplifier" is practicable for developing and
incorporating in the input heating section of existing steam boilers, making the boilers
self-powering also.
Since most of our present on-site electric power plants (including nuclear power
plants) actually just heat steam boilers to provide steam to power a steam-turbine-
powered generator, then-once developed the NRAM heat amplifying process can be
applied to most presently installed systems with rather minor effort and costs.
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3495, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Once the steam boiler is up to its heating and powering operational mode, the heat
amplifiers are switched in—along with clamped positive feedback of enough of the heat
output of the boiler system, fed back to the input, to accomplish "self-powering"
(actually, total powering from the active vacuum which is furnishing the necessary heat
energy input to the heat amplifier system). Once done, this is no more "mystical" than a
windmill-powered generating system. We are just using the active vacuum to furnish our
necessary "free EM energy wind flow" for our use to provide the necessary initial
"heating" of the boilers.
So after jump-starting one heat-amplified steam boiler and switching it to self-
powering mode, thereafter it powers its own steam-turbine-driven generators—-and also
freely furnishes the power to individually jump-start as many other heat-amplified steam
boilers as needed. In turn, these power their conventional steam-turbine-driven
generators, already in manufacture and widely available.
The fuel-consuming giant electric power plant (or other initial power source) can be
shut down as soon as the first self-powering boiler is up and running. This has immediate
and profound applications!
E.g., take a large and very expensive and cantankerous windmill farm, and replace the
entire ensemble with one smaller and much cheaper windmill whose generator furnishes
electric power to heat the input of a modified heat-amplifying (self-powering) steam
boiler. Once this steam boiler is up and running and switched into self-powering
(clamped positive feedback) operation, the windmill can be shut down. Everything from
then on is just a matter of adding more jump-starting self-powering steam generators and
their steam turbine driven generators, and it matters not whether the wind is blowing or
not.
In this fashion, very expensive and cantankerous windmill farms are replaced by a
single much smaller windmill "jump-starting" component. And yet as much power as
desired can be produced, just by adding additional jump-starting self-powering steam
boilers and their generators.
A similar thing can be done with presently very expensive solar cell array electrical
power systems. Simply use a single much smaller and much cheaper solar cell array for
"jump starting", and from then on one is using self-powering heat-amplifying steam
boilers whose input energy comes directly from the active vacuum. Once self-powering is
achieved in the first steam boiler, it does not matter then whether the sun shines or not,
or whether the original solar cell array is energized or not.
A similar thing can also be done in the hydroelectric area. By using a much smaller
flowing stream and a single much smaller and cheaper water-turbine-driven generator,
one gets the initial self-powered steam boiler up and running. Then from it one
individually jump-starts as many additional self-powering steam boilers (with their
steam-turbine-powered generators) as needed. This allows the hybrid "hydroelectric
power initiated" self-powering steam boiler systems to be much more universally
deployed and used throughout the world, with far less effect on streams and far less
expense-and with independence of drought, stream depletion, etc.
It also allows the ready use of even very small streams to power a single small
hydroturbine and its generator for the "jump-starting" function, which is all that is
externally needed to jump-start as many self-powering steam boilers as necessary.
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3804, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Changes in consumer demand, requiring changes in the amount of power required to
be furnished by the grid's source generators, are also easily met by simply jump-starting
more standby steam boilers to increase electric power, or cutting off some of the self-
powering steam boilers to reduce electric power. This allows ready adjusting to the
necessary power production level needed as it fluctuates over time.
As we have previously pointed out, accompanying every accounted Poynting energy
flow in or from an electrical circuit or source, there is also a mind-boggling curled
Heaviside giant energy flow component that is trillions of times greater than the
accounted but diverged Poynting energy flow component. In addition to his 1892
symmetrization of the Heaviside equations to eliminate all COP>1.0 and "self-powering"
systems freely taking their energy from the active medium {59}, Lorentz in 1900 also
imposed a little integration trick {68, to get rid of that bothersome giant Heaviside curled
energy flow component {69} {70; (again at the impetus of J. P. Morgan). In this way,
electrical engineers would never be taught that every generator and other electrical
power source already outputs trillions of times more EM energy flow than is in their
textbooks in the accounted meager Poynting energy flow component that their systems
normally diverge and utilize.
In any special relativistic situation (the norm in EE), the giant Heaviside curled energy
flow component is totally wasted because then vector analysis applies and the divergence
of the curl is zero. This led to Lorentz's sly statement that this giant energy flow
component "had no physical significance" because it did nothing. But that sly statement
is true only in a special relativistic situation. Nonetheless, it is erroneously repeated
today by leading classical electrodynamicists, even by Jackson {71}.
However, in a general relativistic situation, vector analysis no longer applies, and the
divergence of the curl is not necessarily zero. So in that case, a little of that ubiquitous
and enormous curled energy flow can also be diverged into the circuit to help power it
after all, resulting in "energy from the active vacuum/spacetime medium" and
achievement of COP>1.0 in a generating system which has and maintains a
thermodynamic efficiency less than 100%. With a COP>1.0 heat amplifier, self-powering
is easily achieved by clamped positive feedback.
In the NRAM self-oscillating medium, charged particles (of insulator material, for the
IR spectrum and heating) oscillate laterally to and fro since they are tuned and
synchronized to the input frequency of the IR laser. The velocity of the particle thus
speeds up, slows and then reverses, etc.-synchronized to the input energy frequency.
When the particle is altering its velocity to and fro, it is altering its spacetime curvature to
and fro which is a general relativistic situation. Further, this general relativistic
alteration violates the usual conservation of energy law—conservation of energy or
momentum itself is special-relativistic as pointed out by Penrose {72), and other eminent
theoreticians {73} {74}. And they also point out that energy conservation itself can be
violated in a properly correlated general relativistic situation.
This means that the general relativistic to-and-fro frame rotations of the absorbing
charges in the NRAM medium are perfectly synchronized with the input frequencies of
the heat input. Hence each section of the paralleled heat amplifier does the same for its
individual frequency spectrum input. So the paralleled "heat amplifier" permissibly
outputs more Poynting (diverged) energy than the operator's accounted special
relativistic Poynting energy flow input. With this extra and significant general relativistic
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 3251, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
energy input from the spacetime/vacuum itself, the operator's paid-for input itself can
also be replaced by clamped positive feedback from the amplifier's output.
However, physicists also tend to always apply the Killing vector symmetry to any
general relativity situation so even then the conservation of energy law applies. But
rigorously the conservation of energy law is a special relativistic situation, and need not
apply to a properly synchronized general relativistic situation.
Our electrical engineers are usually taught only a bit of special relativity (SR), and are
never taught anything suggesting violation of the SR energy conservation law itself in a
proper GR situation that is synchronized with the primary SR frame rotations when they
are being generally used by the system and the operator.
And thermodynamicists are still grappling with GR violation of energy
conservation —and have not yet made truly significant process in digesting and
understanding it.
PROGRAM IV
License, Produce, and Use Proven Bedini Overunity and Self-Powering Systems
Program IV is a clarion call for the immediate worldwide licensing and use of the
proven Bedini technology (by Energenx Inc). Additional funds (we recommend $50
million or so) should immediately be pumped into his company, Energenx, to provide a
much larger development team and quicker production of a wide range of Bedini's
overunity battery chargers.
Bedini's first production systems are presently going into large warehouses to charge
large materials handling equipment. The final prototype units have previously been tested
in this application, and they performed beautifully saving the warehouse owner lots of
money and lots of EM energy from the "wall plug" normally required to charge the large,
expensive batteries. This technology is also going into limited production and marketing
for other COP>1.0 battery powered processes, including large battery-powered materials
handling equipment, electric golf-carts, electric scooters for the handicapped, electric
automobiles, etc. Simply Google the Energenx website and examine the products being
produced or to be produced shortly and marketed {75}.
The battery chargers use negative energy (which Tesla discovered and called "radiant
energy"). The unusual characteristics of charging a battery with negative energy is that
(a) sulfation is reversed, dramatically extending the lives of these expensive batteries, and
(b) the battery is charged with much less power being required from the electrical power
company. The reason is that negative energy, in flowing across an impedance, causes the
active vacuum environment to automatically insert (input) additional excess negative
energy into the impedance and into that flow across it. This action by the environment
freely amplifies the actual charging energy flow input to the impedance by the operator.
This is a legitimate COP>1.0 process, perfectly permitted by the laws of physics and the
laws of thermodynamics of nonequilibrium steady state systems, but possible only by
utilizing negative energy.
Self-powering Bedini motors are also available in the independently replicated bench
demonstration stage and can rapidly be finalized, produced, and used e.g., for true
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 3149, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"environmentally clean" and practical electric automobiles with great range and
durability. The second generation of Bedini-augmented electric automobiles will be self-
powering. They will freely recharge their batteries as they are being driven-thus
yielding unlimited range without paying for any externally-purchased recharge energy.
More than two dozen successful replications of Bedini's overunity processes have
been independently accomplished by other researchers worldwide, under Bedini's
tutelage. Thus he has fulfilled the final requirement of the scientific method: independent
validation.
The epochal implications of the Bedini work and developments are obvious, and these
systems will directly and favorably impact and substantially reduce the world energy
crisis by directly reducing harmful emissions, producing clean and cheap electrical power
with most of the input energy taken from the active vacuum rather than from
consumption of fuel and nuclear fuel rods, dramatically lowering the consumption of fuel
to provide power, and significantly reducing the present harmful global warming
emissions and biospheric pollution, etc.
PROGRAM V
Complete, Produce, and Use the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator (MEG)
Program V calls for the final rapid development and widespread production of the
MEG {39), including a clamped positive feedback version capable of being converted to
self-powering.
The MEG uses the thoroughly proven Aharonov-Bohm effect to freely over-
potentialize and excite the local vacuum in which an appropriate MEG nanocrystalline
layered-construction transformer core is embedded {76). Many such nanocrystalline
transformer cores of layered construction do freely self-evoke the Aharonov-Bohm
effect, Berry phase, etc. {77) to localize the B-field inside the core while the extra
uncurled A-potential appears in space outside the core. This is now experimentally well
established in the scientific literature, independently of the MEG group itself. There are
of course more than 20,000 papers in the hard literature on the proven Aharonov-Bohm
effect, its extension to the Berry phase {78), and the further extension to the geometric
phase {79}.
By freely potentializing and exciting the local vacuum with additional uncurled
A-potential energy, the pulse rise time and decay time of the input signal to the
transformer are used to deliberate generate additional strong pulses of E-field energy
arising from within that external excited vacuum, by the equation E = - dA/dt. Because
of the minus sign, when the disturbing input pulses with their engineered rise time and
decay time travel from inside the core outside into the local vacuum, the amplified return
E-field pulses are generated in the outside vacuum and travel from outside back into the
core {76).
With proper funding the MEG will require about a year to a year and a half of intense
work to go from its present "bench demonstrator" form to a set of "ready for production"
models. At that time, the completed MEG units can be placed into worldwide production
and marketing, with additional units of various sizes coming along later at periodic
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
intervals.
Since the MEG is electromagnetic in both energy input and energy output, it is readily
adaptable to self-powering by use of clamped positive feedback of the COP>1.0 basic
unit.
PROGRAM VI
Retranslate 1880s/1890s EE Concepts Into Modern Physics
Program VI of the new Manhattan-type Project consists of translating present EE
exicon and jargon (from the 1880s and 1890s) into modern physics terms, so th
ectrical engineers will at least finally understand exactly what they are doing, in tern
of modern physics.
As an example, contrary to the present EE model, the local vacuum is active and it is
always interacting continuously with every charge that is present in our circuits and
systems. This follows directly from quantum field theory, where the ubiquitous
interaction of the vacuum with the charge cannot be eliminated {16). It also reveals that
any "isolated" charge actually polarizes its surrounding virtual state vacuum, so that a
dipolarity results and therefore a proven broken symmetry.
As presently recognized in physics, any simple "isolated charge" actually involves
two infinite charges and two infinite energies {80}. The "bare" charge in the middle is
infinite, as is the energy of its associated fields and potentials. The surrounding
polarization charge of opposite sign in the surrounding vacuum is also infinite, as is its
energy. These two infinite charges have a finite difference, and thus the energy associated
with the "pair" is also finite
So our instruments, peering through the infinite "screening" external charge at the
infinite bare charge inside, are dealing with two infinite charges, each of infinite energy.
However, the difference seen by the instrument is finite-and that "observed finite
difference between the two infinite charges and their two infinite energies" provides the
value of the charge that is recorded in the "classical" texts where vacuum effects are
deliberately omitted.
Thus a steady flow of real EM energy can and will occur from any "isolated" charge
(from its asymmetrical dipolar ensemble). This is a specific flow of energy density {81}
for the particular asymmetrical situation. Hence any source charge or dipole can provide
a finite rate of real EM energy flow for any finite time, because of the infinite nature of
the two conflicting infinite processes and the availability of infinite energy by each one.
As can be readily shown by real measurement, any isolated "classical charge"
continually radiates real observable photons at a steady rate, in all directions. But no
instrument known to man can measure any observable energy input into that source
charge (or into a source dipolarity). That is because the energy input from the vacuum is
in virtual state form. Hence every charge and dipole continually consumes positive
entropy of the virtual state vacuum that is interacting with it, and then produces negative
entropy in the observable state by its continuous output of real, observable photons-real
EM energy flow.
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3137, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rigorous theoretical proof that a system is thermodynamically permitted to exhibit
such continuous production of negative entropy has been given by Evans and Rondoni
{82). Further, the flawed old Klein geometry, which does not permit such a situation but
instead has entropy wired into it, must be replaced by the much more modern and
accurate Leyton geometry {83}.
In Klein geometry, if one loses the "information" and ordering at one level, it is lost
completely and one drops to the next lower state (one lowers the symmetry) for
remaining ordering. That is a positive entropy production process a priori
In Leyton geometry, if the ordering information is lost at one level, it is not actually
lost but retained in novel form. And a new ordering is also automatically produced at the
next higher level [the observable state level]—which is an increase in the level of
symmetry! That is a negative entropy operation a priori.
Hence in Leyton geometry, the action of the source charge or dipole, in continually
consuming entropy at the virtual state level, is able to continually produce negative
entropy in the observable state level by the continuous emission of real, observable
photons. The source charge and source dipole obey Leyton geometry, not the old Klein
geometry.
In one sense the vacuum is simply a set of all potentials. So "potentializing a circuit"
actually means that one or more of these "vacuum potentials" is/are changed in the local
vacuum in which the circuit is embedded. In turn, this alters the interaction of that
changed local vacuum with the source charges q in the "potentialized circuit". By
increasing the directed interaction of vacuum and the charges q, one has "collected"
excess potential energy (ongoing vacuum interactions) upon those charges q, again by the
formula W = Vq in the case of voltage potentialization between two points.
Many other terms and "definitions" of electrical engineering are obsolete, and must
similarly be corrected and updated into modern physics terms.
PROGRAM VIL
License, Produce and Use Fogal Chips to perform Precursor Engineering
Program VII is the acquisition and "placing into production" of the proven Fogal chip
{50; ‹51; which allows precursor engineering 184;.
Precursor engineering is the direct engineering of spacetime, vacuum, and reality
itself, work-free. This forms a specific set of spacetime/vacuum dynamics to form
specific "vacuum engines" (precursor force-free engines) for specific tasks. This is a
dramatic extension of the present scientific method itself.
Then the formed precursor engines are applied to charged matter in an ongoing
interaction. That precursor engine, a region of charged matter, and their ongoing
interaction identically is a set of forces and their dynamics, now acting in that specific
charged matter. So it produces force engines acting in and of that charged matter-since
mass is a component of force by the mechanical equation F = d/dt(mv). Contrary to the
totally false teaching of electrical engineering, force does not exist in mass-free space
as pointed out by Nobelist Feynman {24, and many others, to no avail.
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3510, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The force engine in that specific interacting mass then produces the physical
functioning desired in that mass system.
This allows a remarkable solution to another great and related problem: The problem
of the increasing chemical pollution of our rivers, oceans, etc. from industrial processes,
factories, etc. {85}. With precursor engineering, one will be able to change matter from
one form to another, or in other words to conduct direct transmutation of elements. This
allows cleanup of industrial wastes and pollutants, and also allows—at long last!-an
actual solution to the burgeoning problem of nuclear wastes, including all those spent fuel
rods on nuclear power plant sites, in pools of water and otherwise radioactive for several
hundred thousand years.
As a remarkable example: One great bonus of the precursor engineering approach is
that one also obtains the ability to reverse all diseases! Any specific disease has a specific
"disease precursor engine" that is continually interacting with the body mass and its
charges, and that is generating and sustaining all physical (LLLT) aspects of that specific
disease in the body. So to directly "cure" it, one simply makes a more powerful but exact
specific precursor anti-engine for that disease and applies it to that stricken body, forming
a net "force anti-engine" acting in that stricken body for that disease. The anti-engine is
deliberately made more powerful than the disease engine. This directly reverses the
disease physiology down to even the genetics and smallest biological considerations.
Reversal of aging effects is also readily foreseeable and feasible.
In theory, once precursor engineering is developed, then one can produce gold from
quartzite sand (as did T. Henry Moray almost a century ago). Or eventually one can take
the same quartzite sand and produce food, flour, meat, iron, or whatever.
The Fogal chip, when idled along at less than half-load, will gradually settle down
from the normal preoccupation of manipulating force fields to kick electrons in the chip
and its circuitry, and instead it will begin directly engineering the precursor engines for
those force field engines-and thence to direct engineering of the spacetime itself, to
produce other precursor engines. This precursor engineering part is force-free, and
therefore work-free.
As a result of this settling into the precursor engineering mode, the physical current
and "power" in the transistor reduces significantly, the frequency width broadens
significantly, etc. By dealing directly with the precursors, the chip now has access to any
and all presently known "fitted" models (to all their precursors) and to all other
presently unknown but "future" models yet to be discovered! So to understand the very
strange phenomenology that becomes capable using the Fogal chip, one must keep in
mind all present physics models simultaneously! And also one must keep an open eye as
to what may be developed in the future!
As an example of one proven result, the chip has direct access to the multiply-
connected spacetime quantum potential model, and so it can produce communications
between any two widely separated locations in the universe, instantly and without travel
through the intervening space. This capability (and many others) has been rigorously
demonstrated in tests of the Fogal chip in independent laboratories.
We may take the following identity set as our fundamental precursive thesis:
[VPF] = [Energy] = [Spacetime] = [Mind] = [Reality]
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 599, "chars": 3823, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
where VPF is the "virtual particle flux" of the active vacuum.
Note that this startling identity set makes no sense at all in terms of any single present
model. But if one realizes that the fundamental units (and hence fundamental variables)
of any physics model are arbitrary, then the strange identity set is permissible. As an
example, each of the four items being identified can be expressed as a function of energy
(the joule, one of the items). Or it can be expressed as a function of spacetime. Therefore
an idling chip that will "settle down" to begin directly altering and controlling spacetime
is a chip that will then do precursor engineering of anything and everything!
So suddenly we are developing the ability to engineer reality itself including both
the observable and nonobservable realms, the mind, thought, personality, and life itself—
with all the extreme implications of that technology once it is fully realized.
We emphasize that it is not just the "physical" (3-space) reality of "observation" that
can be engineered. One can also engineer any and all things or aspects that occupy the
time domain exclusively. This includes mind and mind dynamics, which occupy time and
not 3-space. Hence the observation process-which applies a d/at operator to LLLT
4-space, thus discarding the T domain and giving only a series of static 3-space snapshots
(from which we must mathematically infer the flow of time, mind, etc.) does not
produce or reveal total reality (i.e., the "living" and "mind" and "thought" part of it.
Instead, it only reveals the 3-space effects of coupled mind upon the 3-space "physical
phenomena"—usually on its own physical body.
It is not commonly realized (or taught in science) that the present observation-based
scientific method does not yield total reality, because it does not include the non-
observable realm! Precursor engineering is a dramatic extension to the present scientific
method. The present scientific method is based on direct observation. Now with
precursor engineering and the new model, the scientific method is dramatically extended
and it is fitted both to the observable and the nonobservable realities.
This is the "final engineering" for any intelligent tool-using species. Once it achieves
the ability to directly engineer life, mind, spacetime, energy, and the virtual particle flux
of the vacuum, the species becomes unlimited by normal physical limitations. If
necessary, it will be able to directly engineer the sun, the tectonic plates and their
movements, and any other aspect of the earth and our surrounding cosmos. Now the
species can not only engineer the "observed" 3-space phenomenology, but also the non-
observed time-domain aspects of 4-space phenomenology, including the living
personality and mind aspects, including Jung's collective unconscious itself.
Russian/KGB energetics has long been focused on that goal, using the still-highly-
classified science of "energetics" that it turned into a superweapons science under Stalin,
shortly after WW II. We have written elsewhere on the development of that
superweapons science, its potential, and its progress {86) so we will not repeat it here.
Once precursor engineering is mastered, then at that point the intelligent species will
either be on the way to blindly increasing the power of its weapons and thus destroying
itself (and perhaps its biosphere as well), or on the way to eliminating all "serfdom" and
"inhumanity of one human to another", hence removing the "big monkey" game itself by
making every person a "lord of the castle".
In that case, then at last perhaps this long-suffering intelligent species of ours will
engineer its own outgrowth of all physical limitations, thus moving on to the next and
unlimited-stage of its being that is the final stage of its evolution.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3340, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BACKGROUND REFERENCES
1. Exceptions —for electrical power systems that utilize input energy freely received
from the commonly known active environmentare known and accepted (and used).
These electrical power systems include wind-powered systems, hydroelectric powered
systems, solar cell powered systems, etc. But strangely, absolutely no consideration of the
fact that every joule of EM energy in every EM field and potential in the universe and
in every electrical circuit-already comes from the active vacuum/spacetime via the
proven interaction of that active universal medium with every charge and dipolarity in the
universe-—is being considered at all.
So even when our engineers do accept a free environmental energy input, the
electrical parts of the system (generator and its external circuit) they build are
deliberately constructed to be symmetrized and therefore crippled.
The present hoary old electrical engineering (EE) model taught in all our universities
was deliberately "fixed" by Lorentz, at J. P. Morgan's directions. In the 1880s Heaviside
and a few others had sharply curtailed Maxwell's theory, converting it into the much
more limited vector algebra. This was after Maxwell died in 1879. In 1892 Lorentz
symmetrized the already-curtailed Heaviside vector equations, so that all remaining
asymmetric Maxwellian systems (which include those systems that could accept and use
excess EM energy directly from their active vacuum environment) were arbitrarily
elimınated
Hence from the very beginning of electrical engineering itself, our universities have
deliberately taught only a pale shadow and a tiny fraction of nature's Maxwellian
electrical power systems actually available to be designed and built. Specifically, our
universities have only taught those systems that deliberately destroy their own free
extraction of EM energy from their interactive vacuum/spacetime, and destroy the
extraction process faster than they can use a bit of the freely extracted energy to power
their loads. In short, the systems self-enforce COP<1.0 electromagnetically.
Every EM system designed and built by our present EEs is a deliberately "crippled"
system that destroys its own true EM energy input sourcefaster than it uses the freely
collected EM energy to power its own loads.
Every such "deliberately crippled" and "modern" EM system then requires that its
generator be continually cranked so as to continually restore its source dipole that the
system deliberately and continuously destroys. It is the internal broken symmetry
"source" in the generator that freely furnishes all the EM energy directly from the
seething vacuum-that is available and collected in the external circuit in the first place.
In our present electrical power systems, we are universally using and applying a
horribly flawed "present energy paradigm" that is totally inane and that has also been
riddled with falsities for more than a century-since before the birth of most of modern
physics.
2. E.g., see Seth Bernstein, "Ominous Arctic Melt Worries Experts," AT&T News, Dec.
7, 2007, also an AP release. Quoting Bernstein: "Last year, two top scientists surprised
their colleagues by projecting that the Arctic sea ice was melting so rapidly that it could
disappear entirely by the summer of 2040. " Borenstein then quotes top climate scientist

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3578, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jay Swally: "At this rate, the Arctic Ocean could be nearly ice-free at the end of summer
by 2012, much faster than previous predictions."
3. Such as coal and oil combustion, consumption of nuclear fuel rods, etc. Particularly
"dirty" and polluting are the coal-burning processes. Nuclear power provides nuclear
wastes of great threat and lifetimes of many hundreds of thousands of years. Contrary to
popular notions, there is as yet no safe way to dispose of, or to store, nuclear wastes.
Another terrible pollution-generating set of combustion systems is provided by the
ships of the world, which often are the dirtiest-burning systems on the planet. Ships often
burn "bunker" fuel, a very dirty residue from refineries. Ships are responsible for almost
5% of global CO2 emissions, which is about equal to the CO2 emissions of the entire U.S.
car fleet. Due to soaring population and their increasing needs for goods, the world's
shipping-and its associated great pollution is also increasing at an impressive rate and
is expected to double by 2020.
(a) For a discussion of results of a study by the American Chemical Society, see
"Report: Dirty shipping fuel contribute(s) to thousands deaths each year; call for caps,"
International Herald Tribune, AP release, Nov. 8, 2007.
(b) See also "Marketplace' Report: Regulating Ship Pollution," at
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=14950326.
(c) Another great problem is the euphoric assumption that we can continue to burn
hydrocarbon fuels even increasing their consumption —while using "carbon
sequestration" to "render this process harmless to the biosphere". That assumption is
totally false; there are no known real technical solutions to the problem of excess carbon
pollutants and wastes that are assumed to be "sequestered". Simply put, sequester the
carbons in the sea, increasing the acidity of the sea and then watch the resulting
massive destruction of sea life and huge changes in environment and climate that result.
The seas are already acidic beyond safety, right now!
(d) What may be the height of foolishness is the making of ethanol fuel from corn. It
requires more "dirty" energy than the "cleaner" energy produced by combustion of
ethanol. It also drives up corn and grain and feeds prices, removes land from food
production to feed people, increases the cost of meats and other foods, and requires about
1300 gallons of water for each gallon of ethanol produced from the corn. Thus this
"action to help reduce emissions" actually drives up the already-serious water problems
and food costs in an increasingly wide number of areas of the world.
4. See Ross Gelbspan, "Beyond the point of no return," Gristmill, 7 Dec. 2007. Quoting:
"In Australia, a new, permanent state of drought in the country's breadbasket has cut
crop yields by over 30 percent. The I-in-1,000-year drought exemplifies a little-noted
impact of climate change. As the atmosphere warms, it tightens the vortex of the winds
that swirl around the poles. One result is that the water that traditionally evaporated
from the Southern Ocean and rained down over New South Wales is now being pulled
back into Antarctica-drying out the southeastern quadrant of Australia and contributing
to the buildup of glaciers in the Antarctic-the only area on the planet where glaciers are
increasing."
"Witness the 1-in-100-year drought in the southeastern U.S., which has
been threatening drinking water supplies in Georgia and other states.)".
The United Nations has also warned of serious food shortages already emerging
worldwide.
23

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3451, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5. "We are seeing impacts today that we did not expect to see until 2085. " [Dr. Paul
Epstein, of the Center for Health and the Global Environment of Harvard Medical
School, September, 2006, as quoted by Ross Gelbspan, "Beyond the point of no return,"
Gristmill, 7 Dec. 2007.]
6. "Climate change won't kill all of us-but it will dramatically reduce the human
population through the warming-driven spread of infectious disease, the collapse of
agriculture in traditionally fertile areas, and the increasing scarcity of fresh drinking
water. [Ross Gelbspan, "Beyond the point of no return," Gristmill, 7 Dec. 2007].
7. See environmental scholar Bill McKibben, "Remember this: 350 parts per million,"
Special to the Washington Post, Friday, December 28, 2007, p. A21. (It is also published
in the China Post the next day, titled "This month may be tipping point for global
warming," and is published in many news media worldwide.
NASA scientist James Hansen, a leading environmental researcher, has proposed 350
parts per million of COz in the atmosphere as the "tipping point" for accelerating global
warming and climatic change. We presently stand at 383, and "it's knocking the planet
off kilter". Quoting Hansen: "The last time the Earth warmed two or three degrees
Celsius-which is what 450 parts per million implies-sea levels rose by tens of meters,
something that would shake the foundations of the human enterprise should it happen
again." And it may already be well on the way to happening again.
Quoting McKibben: "Hansen called for an immediate ban on new coal-fired power
plants that don't capture carbon, the phase-out of old coal-fired generators, and a tax on
carbon high enough to make sure that we leave tar sands and oil shale in the ground."
8. For example, even some environmentalists have begun to tout nuclear power as
"environmentally clean". Actually there are more than 50,000 tons of deadly nuclear
wastes in the form of spent reactor fuel rods, highly radioactive and requiring hundreds of
thousands of years to decay to a safe level, already stored at our U.S. nuclear power
plants in 31 states. They are stored under water—where, if the water should fail (accident
or terrorist attack) and drain away, there would occur a giant meltdown and a nuclear
catastrophe reminiscent of the Chernobyl disaster but possibly much worse. There is
simply no known and accepted method of safe storage or "cleaning up" of the nuclear
wastes themselves.
So presently one must accept continual growth of such wastes and their storage for
hundreds of thousands of years in those 31 states (and more if the expansion of nuclear
power is allowed), in order to use the so-called "clean" nuclear power!
For a description of the Chernobyl incident, see "Chernobyl Disaster" at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chernobyl_disaster.
9. (a) See James C. Orr et al., "Anthropogenic ocean acidification over the twenty-first
century and its impact on calcifying organisms," Nature Vol. 437, 29 September 2005,
pp. 681-686. Quoting the results of the authors' experimental measurements:
"....conditions detrimental to high-latitude ecosystems could develop within decades, not
centuries as suggested previously".
(b) See also Mark Schrope, "The dead zones," NewScientist, 9 Dec. 2006, pp. 38-42.
Hypoxia kills or drives out all but the most primitive life forms, and the resulting dead
zones now number about 200—and they are just the ones we know about.
74

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3651, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(c) See also Ken Caleira et al., Geophysical Research Letters. September 25, 2007.
Quoting: "
... We need to start thinking about carbon dioxide as an ocean pollutant. That
is, when we release carbon dioxide to the atmosphere, we are dumping industrial waste
in the ocean. ... "About 1/3 of the CO2 from fossil-fuel burning is absorbed by the
world's oceans...
(d) China alone is deploying two new coal-burning power plants every week, usually
in very dirty (little or no control of emissions) manner. Thus as the COz emissions into
the atmosphere continually increase, we are continually increasing the damage to sea life
forms, particularly crustaceans etc.
(e) Coastal upwelling dead zones —where the oxygen in the water is dramatically
lowered, killing off much of the wild life, fishes, etc. —are being observed off the coast of
the U.S., Chili, Peru, South Africa, and Morocco as well as elsewhere. This dramatic
decrease in wild fish caught for food in such region compellingly shows one danger:
decreasing the human food supply, often to poor and struggling peoples and areas. But
also to other peoples and other areas. E.g., a big hypoxic dead zone, covering over 2,600
square kilometers, has built up off the coast of Oregon in the last five years.
10. Here's how "difficult" it is to form a free outpouring of real EM energy flow, one
that can freely continue indefinitely, even until the end of time! Place a charged capacitor
or electret on a permanent magnet, so that the E-field of the capacitor or electret is
orthogonal to the H-field of the magnet. Then by every EM text we already have, that
silly two-dollar gadget will sit there and continuously and freely pour out real Poynting
energy flow S, given by S = E × H.
Leave that simple gadget alone and intact, and it will pour out that free flow of real,
usable EM energy forever. The energy-flow "system" is a nonequilibrium steady state
(NESS) thermodynamic system, freely receiving energy (in virtual form) from the active
external environment (the seething local vacuum), and outputting a steady stream of real
photons. As a NESS system far from equilibrium, it is permitted to violate the second law
of equilibrium thermodynamics, which applies only very close to equilibrium.
We do not have to input any further energy to this "perpetual energy flow NESS
machine" ourselves. We do not have to "crank a shaft" or "turn a windmill" or "input
solar radiation energy". The broken symmetry of those two dipoles is in fact absorbing
virtual state energy of the seething vacuum interaction and converting it into real,
observable EM energy steadily pouring out of the gadget. Lee and Yang were awarded
the Nobel Prize in 1957 for predicting broken symmetry, which was a giant revolution in
physics-ironically, one whose impact and implications have not yet made it across the
university campus from the physics department to the EE department, in the 50 years
since that Nobel award.
But none of our EE departments, professors, and students has the foggiest notion of
how to intercept and extract some of this freely flowing, real, usable EM energy that their
own Poynting energy flow theory already prescribes. The reason is that any Maxwellian
system that would in fact intercept, collect-and then separately dissipate in loads some
of this freely flowing energy (i.e., the proper type of electrical "windmill" system) is an
asymmetrical Maxwellian system. In 1892 Lorentz (at the bidding of the ruthless empire-
builder J. P. Morgan) arbitrarily symmetrized the Heaviside equations and thereby
deliberately discarded all such asymmetrical Maxwellian systems from the EE model.
25

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3353, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To date, it appears that not a single EE professor or department or textbook has had
the foresight to recognize the impact of Lorentz's great mutilation of the Heaviside
theory that was done. Further, our scientific leadership will not do anything to correct
those hoary old 1892 Lorentz-mutilated Heaviside equations and restore Maxwell's
asymmetric systems thereby restoring those missing asymmetric "electric windmill
systems" that could freely extract and use energy from that ridiculously simple but
eternal free EM energy-flow source.
11. In a "normal" (symmetrical) EE system, the only reason we have to keep cranking
the generator shaft to generate EM energy and power the loads is that we insanely use
half the energy freely collected in the external circuit to do nothing but destroy the source
dipolarity. Again, we have known since 1957 and the award of the Nobel Prize to Lee
and Yang, that the broken symmetry of the source dipole in the generator-once the
internal opposite charges are forced apart to form that dipole freely absorbs virtual state
energy from the seething virtual state vacuum and transduces it into real observable EM
energy that is continually and freely omitted, pouring out of the generator terminals
through space outside the external conductors. As Nobelist Lee stated, "...the violation of
symmetry arises whenever what was thought to be a non-observable turns out to be
actually an observable. " [Quoted from T. D. Lee, Particle Physics and Introduction to
Field Theory, Harwood Academy Publishers, Chur, New York, and London, 1981, p.
181].
So in the half century since the discovery of broken symmetry in physics, its profound
ramification for electrical engineering has not been recognized or applied. And no one
not even the National Science Foundation-seems to care. After all, our TV set works,
doesn't it!
12. The Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded in 1957 to Chen Ning Yang and Tsung-Dao
Lee "for their penetrating investigation of the so-called parity laws which has led to
important discoveries regarding the elementary particles. " The two Nobelists predicted
broken symmetry in physics, and Wu and her colleagues promptly proved it
experimentally, publishing the results in February 1957 in C. S. Wu, E. Ambler, R. W.
Hayward, D. D. Hoppes and R. P. Hudson, "Experimental Test of Parity Conservation in
Beta Decay," Physical Review, Vol. 105, 1957, p. 1413. This was so great a revolution in
physics that the Nobel Committee awarded the Nobel Prize to Lee and Yang in the same
year, in Dec. 1957.
13. Nikola Tesla, e.g., had discovered how to "shuttle" the potential energy around in his
circuits at will, something our present electrical engineers still cannot do.
(a) See T. W. Barrett, "Tesla's Nonlinear Oscillator-Shuttle-Circuit (OSC) Theory,"
Annales de la Fondation Louis de Broglie, 16(1), 1991, pp. 23-41. Barrett —a cofounder
of ultrawideband radar—shows that EM expressed in quaternions allows shuttling and
storage of potentials in circuits, and also allows additıonal EM functioning of a circuit
that a conventional EM analysis cannot reveal. He shows that Tesla's patented circuits
did exactly this.
Barrett was so impressed by the methodology that he extended it and filed two patents.
These are:
(b) Terence W. Barrett, "Active Signalling Systems," U.S. Patent No. 5,486,833, Jan.
26

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 3110, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
23, 1996. This is a signaling system in time-frequency space for detecting targets in the
presence of clutter and for penetrating media.
(c) Terence W. Barrett, "Oscillator-Shuttle-Circuit (OSC) Networks for Conditioning
Energy in Higher-Order Symmetry Algebraic Topological Forms and RF Phase
Conjugation," U.S. Patent No. 5,493,691. Feb. 20, 1996. These are beginning networks
for doing the type of shuttling control that Tesla had uncovered.
14. In mass units, the energy density of the virtual particle flux of vacuum is on the order
of 1080
grams per cubic centimeter. See R. Podolny, Something Called Nothing: Physical
Vacuum: What Is It? Mir Publishers, Moscow, 1986, p. 181.
15. Quoting from Peter Milonni, The Quantum Vacuum: An Introduction to Quantum
Electrodynamics, Academic Press, San Diego, 1994. "The zero-point energy of the
vacuum is infinite in any finite volume. " [p. 56]. "A charged particle in the vacuum will
therefore always see a zero-point field of infinite energy density. " [p. 53].
16. Quoting from I. J. R. Aitchison, "Nothing's Plenty: The Vacuum in Modern Quantum
Field Theory," Contemporary Physics, 26(4), 1985: "... the concept of a 'single particle'
actually breaks down in relativistic quantum field theory with interactions, because the
interactions between 'the particle' and the vacuum fluctuations (or virtual quanta) cannot
be ignored." Ip. 357].
17. For a listing of these falsities long pointed out by eminent scientists such as Nobelist
Feynman, the great John Wheeler, Margenau, Bunge, and others, see T. E. Bearden,
"Errors and Omissions in the CEM/EE Model," available for downloading at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/CEM%20Errors%20-
%20final%20paper%20complete%20w%20longer%20abstract4.doc.
I submitted that paper to Dr. Bement, the Director of the National Science Foundation.
He ordered a formal NSF review of the paper, and it passed that review. See the NSF
response letter available at
http://www.cheniere.org/references/NSF%20letter%20Bearden.jpg.
But then for action the NSF turned me over to its top staff responsible for electrical
power, communications, etc. These top EE staffers were good people, polite but
absolutely determined to continue with the present archaic electrical engineering model.
To sum up their response, it was essentially "Nothing is wrong with our CEM/EE model!
Your TV set works, doesn't it?"
18. Sadly, electrical engineers are not even correctly taught what actually powers their
EM circuits and systems.
(a) E.g., see T. E. Bearden, "Engineering the Active Vacuum: On the Asymmetrical
Aharonov-Bohm Effect and Magnetic Vector Potential A vs. Magnetic Field B,"
available at link http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/On%20the%20Aharonov-
Bohm 20Etfectl.doc.
(b) To see how the symmetrical system kills its own source faster than it powers its
loads, and also to see what actually powers the external circuit in a generator-powered
system, see T. E. Bearden, ibid., "Figure 2. Operation of a Symmetrical Electrical Power
System."
(c) Most EEs and EE professors still think a "static" EM field actually is "frozen" and
27

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3612, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
fixed-and that, from the moment of appearance of a source charge or dipole, its "static
field" appears everywhere in space instantly. They believe that the "energy in that field"
is thus instant and unchanging once the source charge or dipole appears. To see a classic
example of this total confusion, see P. R. Berman, "Dynamic creation of electrostatic
fields." Am. J. Phys., Vol. 76(1), Jan. 2008, pp. 48-54. This is the kind of approach that
has driven out any rational discussion of the source charge problem (how a charge once
formed can sit there and continuously emit real observable photons at light speed, without
any observable EM energy input). For a clear recognition of the problem, see B. P.
Kosyakov, "Radiation in electrodynamics and in Yang-Mills theory." Soviet Phys. Usp.
35(2), Feb. 1992, pp. 135-142. Quoting Kosyakov, p. 135: "A generally acceptable,
rigorous definition of radiation has not as yet been formulated. " Quoting from p. 141:
"The recurring question has been: Why is it that an electric charge radiates but does not
absorb light waves despite the fact that the Maxwell equations are invariant under time
reversal?"
(d) To see what modern physics has to say about a "static" EM field actually being
made of finer parts in continuous motion, see Tom Van Flandern, "The speed of
gravity—What the experiments say," Physics Letters A, Vol. 250, Dec. 21, 1998, pp. 8-9.
Quoting: "To retain causality, we must distinguish two distinct meanings of the term
'static. One meaning is unchanging in the sense of no moving parts. The other meaning
is sameness from moment to moment by continual replacement of all moving parts. We
can visualize this difference by thinking of a waterfall. A frozen waterfall is static in the
first sense, and a flowing waterfall is static in the second sense. Both are essentially the
same at every moment, yet the latter has moving parts capable of transferring
momentum, and is made of entities that propagate. ...So are ... fields for a rigid,
stationary source frozen, or are they continually regenerated? Causality seems to require
the latter."
Also note again that the totally "static" E and H fields of an electret laying on a
permanent magnet with E orthogonal to H, yields a steady EM energy flow (a free, steady
outflow of real observable photons) S given by the simple equation S = E × H.
19. E.g., quoting Swann:
"Think of the cables which carry the telephone current in the form of electrons. In the
absence of the current the electrons are moving in all directions. As many are moving
from left to right as are moving from right to left; and the nothingness which is there is
composed of two equal and opposite halves, about a million million amperes per square
centimeter in one direction, and a million million amperes per square centimeter in the
other direction. The telephone current constitutes an upsetting of the balance to the
extent of one hundredth of a millionth of an ampere per square centimeter, or about one
part in a hundred million million million. Then if this one part in a hundred million
million million is at fault by one part in a thousand, we ring up the telephone company
and complain that the quality of the speech is faulty. "[W.F.G. Swann, Physics Today,
June. 1951, p. 9].
With the newly emerging nanotechnology and its ability to get at very fine though
very powerful energy changes and exchanges, probably this incredible "energy in the
wire" could be tapped for effect use in powering our loads. But to our knowledge, there is
not a single nanotechnology project actually funded and in existence to do it.
28

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3709, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20. Quoting Aitchison: "Forces, in quantum field theory, are understood as being due to
the exchange of virtual quanta... [between masses] " [I. J. R. Aitchison, ibid, p. 372].
21. "Empty" vacuum/spacetime is in fact an active set of all the potentials and their
ongoing dynamics. "Changing a potential in a circuit" is actually changing one of the
local vacuum/spacetime potentials and its interaction dynamics ongoing in that circuit.
22. (a) Hence "potentialization of a system" is a change (a gradient) established in one of
the vacuum's potentials and its dynamics comprising the local vacuum in which the
system or circuit is embedded. That "change of a potential" is known as a "field". The
active vacuum is a set of potentials, fields, and their ongoing dynamics. "Voltage
(difference) across a dipolar circuit" means that the activity and dynamics of the
electrostatic scalar potential portion of the vacuum/spacetime in which the circuit is
embedded, are altered to include an activity gradient (a field) between the high side
vacuum interchange activity of the circuit and its low side vacuum interchange activity.
In turn, this gives (a) a greater rate of vacuum/charge interaction (energy exchange) with
electrons in the "high side" of the embedded circuit and (b) a lower rate of
vacuum/charge interaction (energy exchange) with charges in the "low side" of the
embedded circuit. The difference between these two rates of interaction forms a
difference in the interaction forces on electrons in the high side and interaction forces on
electrons on the low side.
(b) Because the circuit is deliberately built "symmetrical" by our engineers, there is a
"forward emf' force in the external circuit from high side to low side, and there is an
equal and opposite "back emf" force in the internal circuit inside the generator, from low
side to high side. This specific difference in forces (equal and opposite forward and back
emf) freely pumps electrons from high to low side of the external circuit through the
losses and the loads of the external circuit, but also must then it must be "fought" to
forcibly pump the ground-side electrons back up through the internal circuit (through the
generator's dipolar source inside the generator). This latter action consumes one-half the
potential energy collected in the external circuit, and forcibly scatters the separated
internal charges of the internal source dipolarity (separation of opposite charges). Hence
the silly symmetrized system destroys its own generator's internal source dipolarity and
its broken symmetry.
(c) In short, the silly symmetrical system uses half the free "energy from the vacuum"
collected by its external circuit to do nothing but destroy its own source dipole and shut
off its free outflow of real EM energy extracted from the vacuum.
(d) The other half of the collected free "energy from the vacuum" in the external
circuit is dissipated in the loads and the losses in the external circuit. Thus half the
collected free energy is used to kill the source dipole, while less than half is used to
actually power the loads (since any external circuit has losses in addition to powering the
load). This insane symmetrical circuit thus self-enforces COP<1.0.
(e) So in the arbitrarily symmetrized system we have to keep cranking the shaft of the
generator to rotate the rotor, which by its rotation changes the input mechanical shaft
energy to rotating magnetic field energy (courtesy of Nikola Tesla's invention of the
rotating magnetic field). Since the rigorous definition of "work" is the change of form of
energy, that change from mechanical shaft energy to internal rotating magnetic field
energy constitutes "work".
29

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3626, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(f) In turn, the rotating magnetic field energy inside the generator is dissipated inside
the generator to force the internal opposite charges apart in opposite directions, forming
the internal source dipolarity (with its proven broken symmetry). And that is all that
cranking the generator shaft actually does; it restores the dipolarity (and thus its broken
symmetry) that is in fact freely extracting EM energy from the seething virtual state
vacuum interaction and pouring it out as real EM energy flow out of the terminals of the
generator and through space outside the conductors of the external circuit.
Once formed, if left alone and intact, the source dipole would freely pour out its real,
usable EM energy flow forever-absolutely without any further mechanical shaft energy
input by the operator!
(f) But then the insane "symmetrical" circuit deliberately built by our EEs takes half
the freely collected potentialization energy and destroys the internal source dipole, thus
continually destroying its own free extraction of EM energy from the vacuum. It does this
faster than it powers its loads alone. So to restore the dipole, even with 100% efficiency
of conversion (of mechanical shaft power to internal rotating magnetic field power) we
have to input at least as much additional shaft input energy to restore the dipole, as was
used from the insane symmetrical circuit to destroy it. So in the symmetrized system the
operator's required shaft input energy is always greater than the useful energy dissipated
in the external circuit's loads to power them.
The insanity of building only symmetrical Maxwellian systems dooms us to a system-
enforced coefficient of performance (COP) of COP<1.0. So we always have to keep
cranking in more mechanical shaft energy to the generator, than the energy we get into
the loads to power them. We have to keep cranking that shaft to continually keep
rebuilding the deliberately destroyed source dipole in the generator, not to power the
external loads! This system COP>1.0 self-enforcement is not a law of nature, but an act
of total insanity in electrical engineering!
(g) As an analogy: Suppose we had an "insane" windmill engineer come in to build us
a great windmill-driven generator power system to power our loads on our big farm. And
this engineer puts in two equal-power generators, being driven simultaneously by the
rotating shaft of the windmill. One of these generators he connects to our distribution
lines and loads on the farm. The other generator he connects to motors on the windmill
blades, so that whenever the windmill is rotating the second generator is powering those
motors to rotate the blades back parallel to the wind, so that the windmill stops turning
and ceases powering the generators. Then he puts a second motor on the blades, to power
the blade rotation in the opposite direction, away from parallel to the wind, to restore
windmill rotation again. And he hands us the electrical connection lines to this second set
of motors, so that we can now pay the power line company for the energy continually
required to keep rotating the blades back from cutoff, so the windmill will continue
rotating.
In short, this stupid windmill engineer requires us even with nature's free wind there
for easy use asymmetrically—to deliberately pay for more dirty electrical power input to
keep the vanes turned correctly, than the clean electrical power we get in our loads from
the first generator as long as the windmill is rotating.
I think we would immediately fire that windmill engineer as the most insane windmill
engineer we ever saw or heard of!
30

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3573, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(h) Yet that is directly analogous to what every electrical power engineer has been
trained to do with building his systems, since Lorentz arbitrarily symmetrized the
Heaviside equations in 1892, precisely to prevent the coming electrical engineers from
building asymmetrical systems exhibiting COP>1.0 and even "self-powering" systems
(taking all their input energy from their active environment, with the operator not having
to pay for any of the input energy).
But just ask the usual electrical engineer or EE professor what were the ramifications
of Lorentz symmetrization of the Heaviside equations in 1892, and he usually has not the
foggiest notion. And even at the National Science Foundation level, the engineers in
charge could care less about such a question.
23. I.e., a difference in the "charge's energy exchange reaction rate" with the vacuum
between that rate for charges at the high voltage side of the circuit and that rate for
charges at the "ground" voltage side of the circuit-multiplied by the amount of charge
involved, is identically known as the "collection of potential energy" in that potentialized
circuit due to the potential difference. Its formula is simply W = Vq. One can increase the
"energy collected in a circuit" freely and at will, merely by changing the voltage
diffeence (potentialization) while momentarily freezing the interacting charges from
moving as electrical current. Allowing for switching, a common source of "static
voltage" thus can supply as much free potential energy to external "pinned" circuits as
we wish, without requiring any work and without any depletion of the static voltage
source at all.
[In the seventh program on precursor engineering, we will find that potentializing a
circuit is actually an example of work-free precursor engineering direct engineering
(work-free) of the activity of the spacetime/vacuum itself, with the charges in the circuit].
We then switch this "potentialized" external circuit away from the primary "static
voltage" source. The relativity activity of the vacuum with the top and bottom of the
circuit has not changed. Hence the "collected potential energy" remains "collected". We
quickly reclose the now-separated potentialized circuit (as with a resistor and a diode).
Then when the pinned electrons are allowed to become free and to move as current in the
separated external circuit, that previously freely collected potential energy will be
dynamically dissipated to provide real, usable power in the loads.
In this case, none of the free potential energy is used to pump electrons back through
the external (primary) static voltage source, destroying its dipolarity and thus its ability to
furnish energy density flow quite freely and without requiring work.
This "switched potentialization and free energy collection" process can be repeated
over and over without end, until the end of the universe, and the "switched in and out"
static voltage source will provide all the freely collected potential energy to the external
circuit that one wishes. By disconnecting and recompleting the potentialized external
circuit as a separate circuit/system, then dissipating that free potential energy in powering
the external loads will not destroy or diminish the primary static voltage source dipolarity
or affect it at all.
But electrical engineers are taught never to do such a simple thing, and they are
falsely exhorted that they must draw current from the source thereby depleting and
destroying its source dipolarity by forcibly pumping the depotentialized electrons from
31

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3358, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the ground side of the circuit back through the source dipole inside the generator,
destroying the source dipolarity and its broken symmetry.
24. (a) E.g., Feynman's 1964 three volumes of sophomore physics give some of the
major falsities in the EE model. As an example, contrary to the lie taught to all our
electrical engineers, there are no force fields in massless space. That is because mass is a
required component of force by F = d/dt(mv). Put in "m = O" in that equation, and F = 0.
Quoting Feynman:
"...in dealing with force the tacit assumption is always made that the force is equal to
zero unless some physical body is present... One of the most important characteristics of
force is that it has a material origin..." [Richard P. Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, and
Matthew Sands, The Feynman Lectures on Physics, Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, Vol.
1, 1964, p. 12-2].
"...the existence of the positive charge, in some sense, distorts, or creates a
"condition" in space, so that when we put the negative charge in, it feels a force. This
potentiality for producing a force is called an electric field. "[Ibid., Vol. 1, 1964, p. 2-4].
"We may think of E(x, y, z, t) and B(x, y, z, t) as giving the forces that would be
experienced at the time t by a charge located at (x, y, z), with the condition that placing
the charge there did not disturb the positions or motion of all the other charges
responsible for the fields. " [Ibid, vol. II, p. 1-3.]
As pointed out by Feynman, the field in space is just a "condition of spacetime" itself,
without the presence of mass. Hence it is force-free. This is the force-free precursor EM
field. When that precursor field and its dynamics interacts with charged matter, then in
that charged matter this ongoing interaction identically constitutes (and produces) the
familiar EM force field (in that charged matter).
In fact, that ongoing interaction—together with both its participants, the precursor
condition and dynamics of spacetime and the interacting mass identically is force itself.
Eerily Feynman did not make this latter connection, and so he despaired of ever being
able to accurately define "force". Quoting:
"One of the most important characteristics of force is that it has a material origin, and
this is not just a definition. ... If you insist upon a precise definition of force, you will
never get it!" [Richard P. Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, and Matthew Sands, The
Feynman Lectures on Physics, Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, Vol. 1, 1964, p. 12-2].
(b) Jackson, one of our most noted classical electrodynamicists, reveals how classical
electrodynamicists just arbitrarily assume force fields in space. Quoting Jackson: "Most
classical electrodynamicists continue to adhere to the notion that the EM force field
exists as such in the vacuum, but do admit that physically measurable quantities such as
force somehow involve the product of charge and field." [J. D. Jackson, Classical
Electrodynamics, Second Edition, Wiley, 1975, p. 249].
25. As Nobelist Gore pointed out to Fortune Magazine:
"What we are going to have to put in place is a combination of the Manhattan
Project, the Apollo Project and the Marshall Plan, and scale it globally. " [Nobelist Al
Gore, speaking to Fortune Magazine, as cited in the article "Global Warming, Inc.", Wall
Street Journal, Tuesday Nov. 20, 2007, p. A18].
37

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3395, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26. Quoting The Nobel Committee, on its awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Al Gore
and the UN's International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC):
"(Global warming)... may induce large-scale migration and lead to greater
competition for the Earth's resources. Such changes will place particularly heavy
burdens on the world's most vulnerable countries. There may be increased danger of
violent conflicts and wars, within and between states. "
27. E.g., Dr. Paul J. Werbos is the Program Director of electrical and Communications
Systems Division for the National Science Foundation (NSF), and thus appears to be one
of the scientists largely shaping and driving the energy policy and thinking of the NSF—
and therefore of much of our scientific community. Particularly see his impressive
Powerpoint briefing, "How Can We Zero Out America's Need to Import Oil and Gas at
the Soonest Possible Time?" at http://www.werbos.com/energy_strategy_files/frame.htm.
The briefing was updated 2/23/06. In excellent manner the briefing summarizes most of
the dire situation and where the situation is headed (to disaster or near-disaster) unless
checked. But it proposes use of only standard things and mechanisms with some
expected improvements to "solve the problem"
'. In short, it applies only the same old
flawed energy paradigm that has caused the problem in the first place. In no way will
that approach solve the problem, much less solve it in time to prevent the economic
collapse of much of the Western world. It also reveals one very important thing:
apparently our own NSF really does not yet really understand where the EM energy
flowing from the terminals of a generator is obtained, or how.Nor do they understand
what "potentialization" of the external circuit really is (it is the change of the electrostatic
scalar potential component of the active vacuum in which the system is embedded, and
which is constantly interacting with every charge q in that circuit. We really potentialize
the local vacuum, which causes a change to its rate of interaction with charges q, and a
difference in that interaction for any segment or any two points having a measurable
voltage difference (change of electrostatic scalar potential) between them.
28. (a) Quoting Max Planck:
"An important scientific innovation rarely makes its way by gradually winning over
and converting its opponents: it rarely happens that Saul becomes Paul. What does
happen is that its opponents gradually die out, and that the growing generation is
familiarized with the ideas from the beginning. "[Max Planck, as quoted in G. Holton,
Thematic Origins of Scientific Thought, Harvard University Press, Cambridge, MA,
(b) Indeed, the scientific resistance to new discovery is rather pathological. Quoting
Sigmund Freud:
"There are three steps in the history of a great discovery. First, its opponents say that
the discoverer is crazy; later that he is sane but that his discovery is of no real
importance; and last, that the discovery is important but everybody has known it right
along."
(c) This led Clarke to sum it up this way, speaking of energy extracted from the
vacuum:
"If they [quantum fluctuations of vacuum| can be [tapped], the impact upon our
civilization will be incalculable. Oil, coal, nuclear, hydropower, would become obsolete -
and so would many of our worries about environmental pollution." "Don't sell your oil
33

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3374, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
shares yet—but don't be surprised if the world again witnesses the four stages of
response to any new and revolutionary development: I. It's crazy! 2. It may be possible—
so what? 3. I said it was a good idea all along. 4. I thought of it first." [Arthur C. Clarke,
in "Space Drive: A Fantasy That Could Become Reality" NSS ... AD ASTRA, Nov/Dec
1994, p. 38].
29. For a summary article on the original Manhattan Project, see "Manhattan Project"
, at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manhattan_Project.
30. An electrical energy process receiving excess input EM energy from the active
vacuum so that its COP > 1.0 even though its efficiency is less than 100%, can be made
"self-powering" (i.e., powered totally by the vacuum energy input alone) by properly
applying clamped positive feedback from system output to furnish what would otherwise
be the operator's EM energy input. E.g., if the COP = 4.0 for the "open loop" system, its
output energy is four times greater than the energy input by the operator (the excess
energy input is furnished by the active vacuum). By feeding back a carefully controlled
fourth of the amplified output, the energy input usually furnished by the operator can be
replaced by the feedback input. This still leaves the remaining three parts of output
energy still being "poured out" by the clamped positive feedback amplifier (which
continues to receive is excess free energy input from the vacuum). So a COP>1.0 heat
amplifier with appreciable additional energy received freely from the vacuum, can be
close-looped to provide total powering by the vacuum input-which system condition is
loosely referred to as "self-powering". In that case, the system is said to be "self-
powered" or "self-powering"
31. Presently the NRAM optical physicists are severely constrained, and must use the
term "negative absorption" to replace the actual "excess emission" that it represents.
They are not allowed to discuss the thermodynamics of the actual COP = 18 for the
optimized experiments, but must only speak of an "increase in the reaction cross
section" without mentioning COP>1.0.
An explanation of the NRAM process—and exactly where and how it gets extra input
energy from a vast unknown but ubiquitous Heaviside curled EM energy flow input-is
given in Thomas E. Bearden and Kenneth D. Moore, 'Increasing the Coefficient of
Performance of Electromagnetic Power Systems by Extracting and Using Excess EM
Energy from the Heaviside Energy Flow Component". This is a U.S. Provisional Patent
Application, filed and obtained in Oct. 2005 and now deliberately released into public
domain and freely given away. It is available at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/PPA%20Increasing%20COP%20by%20addn1%20ex
tractn%20from%20flow la.DOC.
32. For formal references (much restricted in their discussion of the NRAM process), see:
(a) V. S. Letokhov, "Generation of light by a scattering medium with negative
resonance absorption," Zh. Eksp. Teor. Fiz., Vol. 53, 1967, p. 1442;
(b) V.S. Letokhov, "Generation of light by a scattering medium with negative
resonance absorption," Sov. Phys. JETP, 26(4), Apr. 1968, pp. 835-839;
(c) V. S. Letokhov, "Stimulated emission of an ensemble of scattering particles with
negative absorption," ZhETF Plasma, 5(8), Apr. 15, 1967, pp. 262-265;
(d) V. S. Letokhov, "Double y and optical resonance," Physics Letters A, Vol. 43,
34

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3481, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1973, pp. 179-180;
(e) A. V. Alekseev, Yu. A. Zinin, & N. V. Sushilov, "Effect of negative resonance
absorption in a weak polychromatic field," Optics and Spectroscopy, 69(6), December
1990, pp. 736-739.
33. (a) Craig F. Bohren, "How can a particle absorb more than the light incident on it?"
Am. J. Phys., 51(4), Apr. 1983, pp. 323-327. Under nonlinear conditions, a particle can
absorb more energy than is in the light incident on it. [Note: A general relativistic
operation is involved in the NRAM process; hence the special relativistic energy
conservation law can be violated, as discussed elsewhere in these footnotes.] Metallic
charged particles at ultraviolet frequencies are one class of such particles and insulating
charged particles at infrared frequencies are another.
(b) See also H. Paul and R. Fischer, {Comment on "How can a particle absorb more
than the light incident on it?'}," Am. J. Phys., 51(4), Apr. 1983, p. 327. The Bohren
experiment is repeatable and produces COP = 18, although it is only referred to as an
"increase in the reaction cross section" of the self-oscillating absorbing particles.
(c) For producing equally-spaced frequency bands across the heating spectrum, the
new "comb" processes may be useful. E.g., see (1) P. Del'Haye et al., "Optical frequency
comb generation from a monolithic microresonator," Nature, Vol. 450, 20/27 Dec. 2007,
pp. 1214-1217; and (2) June Ye & Steven T. Cundiff, Femtosecond Optical Frequency
Comb: Principle, Operation and Applications, Springer, New York, 2005.
34. Also see V. S. Letokhov, "Laser Maxwell's Demon," Contemporary Physics, 36(4),
1995, pp. 235-243. Letokhov considers a Maxwell's demon based on the use of selective
interaction between laser light and atomic particles, including two versions (destructive
and nondestructive) of the demon. The destructive version is based on the velocity- and
particle-selective resonant ionization of particles in the near field of laser radiation. The
non-destructive version is based on the dipole (gradient) light pressure force in near-field
radiation effects.
35. Negative energy and negative mass-energy appear as a result of the well-known
Shrödinger equation (and whenever a sharp impulsive energey gradient lifts Dirac
electrons from the Dirac Sea, leaving Dirac "holes" which are negative mass-energy
electrons). Dirac and other scientists hated negative energy, however, because it leads to
negative probabilities mathematically. So in his own general relativistic extension to the
Shrödinger equation in his electron theory, Dirac (and others) deliberately and arbitrarily
discarded negative energy.
(a) Quoting Hotson: "I think if one had to point to a single place where science went
profoundly and permanently off the track, it would be 1934 and the emasculation of
Dirac's equation. " [D. L. Hotson, "Dirac's Equation and the Sea of Negative Energy,
Part I," New Energy, Issue 43, 2002, pp. 1-20. Quote is from p. 1].
(b) Quoting Dirac: "I remember once when I was in Copenhagen, that Bohr asked me
what I was working on and I told him I was trying to get a satisfactory relativistic theory
of the electron, and Bohr said 'But Klein and Gordon have already done that!' That
answer first rather disturbed me. Bohr seemed quite satisfied by Klein's solution, but I
was not because of the negative probabilities that it led to. I just kept on with it, worrying
about getting a theory which would have only positive probabilities. " [Conversation
35

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3694, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
between Dirac and J. Mehra, Mar. 28, 1969, quoted by Mehra in Aspects of Quantum
Theory, ed. A. Salam and E. P. Wigner, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 1973].
(c) Again quoting Dirac: "One gets over the difficulty on the classical theory by
arbitrarily excluding those solutions that have a negative E. One cannot do this in the
quantum theory, since in general a perturbation will cause transitions from states with E
positive to states with E negative. " [P. A. M. Dirac, Proceedings of the Royal Society A,
Vol. 117, p. 610.].
This resulted in discarding negative-mass energy (Dirac negative mass-energy holes
by falsely and arbitrarily calling them positrons with positive mass-energy electrons and
positive energy EM fields). This arbitrarily discarded dark matter (the negative mass-
energy holes) and dark energy (their negative energy EM fields) by substituting the
positive energy and positive charge change that results when the hole moves away and is
replaced by a filled Dirac hole with net charge zero and net field energy zero. Negative
mass (dark matter) and negative energy (dark energy) have remained arbitrarily
eliminated by the scientitic community since that time.
Dirac actually argued that the hole could not be observed, but as it moved away its
replacement by a filled hole would be observed as a positive mass change (from - 1 to 0)
and its field energy change would be observed as a positive-going change in the EM field
(from a negative number to zero). He first postulated its replacement would be observed
as a proton and its field, but later changed to recognize its replacement would be
observed as a positron and its field. The error came in equating the replacement of the
hole by a positive-going change as the hole itself-a logical non sequitur.
(d) However, Solomon has rigorously shown that elimination of negative energy is a
serious error and is intolerable. See Dan Solomon, "Some new results concerning the
vacuum in Dirac's hole theory," Physica Scripta, Vol. 74, 2006, pp. 117-122. Quoting
from the abstract: "In Dirac's hole theory (HT), the vacuum state is generally believed to
be the state of minimum energy. It will be shown that this is not, in fact, the case and that
there must exist states in HT with less energy than the vacuum state. It will be shown that
energy can be extracted from the HT vacuum state through application of an electric
field."
(e) Our comment is that adding a field (e.g., a gradient or other change of a potential)
across a region of space is a violation of Lorentz symmetry, since the "uniformity" of the
vacuum energy density is directly altered in that region. Solomon references work in this
area, performed for some time (since 1999).
(f) Dark matter and dark energy constantly are created in the earth, the sun, stars,
planets, etc. by very impulsive interactions where there are sharp energy gradients across
a small region of space. This lifts out electrons from the Dirac Sea, leaving behind the
holes (dark matter). These are repelled by ordinary matter and positive energy, so they try
to escape in "streamers" avoiding the normal masses. Some succeed, and so there are
streamers of dark matter radiating its dark energy (the negative EM fields of the Dirac
negative mass energy electron, or "hole", as a source charge) emerging from planets,
stars, etc. These streamers are repelled (accelerated) outward, and then are slowed again
by approaching repelling ordinary mass and energy clumpings ahead. So the dark matter
and dark energy forms "clusters" in space outside and around the normal galactic arms
etc. Their negative gravity repels the matter in the galactic arms back toward the center,
36

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 3007, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
thereby preventing the normal matter from escaping due to its high centripetal forces. The
"gatherings" of dark matter and energy also repel all distant matter, as in other galaxies,
thereby providing a continual acceleration of the intergalactic expansions.
The effects in our own solar system result in "drag" forces (repulsive gravitational
forces) on the Pioneer spacecraft from distant gatherings of negative mass and negative
energy. These excess and presently inexplicable drag forces have been measured and
certified real.
The Pioneer forces also vary even changing in sign with respect to direction of
motion as the spacecraft's position in and with respect to multiple separated dark matter
and dark energy "gatherings".
(g) Thus the astrophysicists are looking in the wrong place for dark matter and dark
energy! Bedini has been evoking and using such dark matter and its dark energy EM
fields for more than two decades, in real circuits and real systems on the lab bench.
Negative energy can easily power the world-but to date it has only been used for
highly secret negative energy EMP (electromagnetic pulse) weapons by several nations,
to destroy rather than to help.
Here are important additional references by Solomon:
(h) Dan Solomon. "Some differences between Dirac's hole theory and quantum field
theory." Can. J. Phys., Vol. 83, 2005, pp. 257-271;
(i) ----- "Quantum states with space-like energy-momentum." Central European
Journal of Physics (CEJP), Vol. 4(3), 2006, pp. 380-392;
(i) --
"Some remarks on Dirac's hole theory versus quantum field theory." Can. J.
Phys., Vol. 81, 2003, pp. 1165-1175;
(j) ----- "Mathematical Inconsistencies in Dirac Field Theory," 1999, available at
quant-ph/9904106;
(k) --
- "A new look at the problem of gauge invariance in quantum field theory,"
Physica Scripta, Vol. 76, 2007, pp. 64-71, available at arXiv:0706.2830;
(1) ---. "Negative energy density for a Dirac-Maxwell field," July 18, 1999,
http://www.arxiv.org/ftp/gr-qc/papers/9907/9907060.pdf.
36. To change negative energy into positive energy is easy. Simply charge a capacitor
"backwards" using negative energy. Then disconnect the charged capacitor and reconnect
it into an ordinary circuit. It will then discharge its energy as normal positive energy.
37. To observe Bedini's systems and details of his systems and work, see
(a) Energy from the Vacuum™ documentary series, Part 1: Introduction. Perf. Tom
Bearden, John Bedini, Walter Rosenthal. Energetic Productions LLC, 2007. DVD.
(b) Energy from the Vacuum™M documentary series, Part 2: John Bedini. Perf. John
Bedini, Tom Bearden. Energetic Productions LLC, 2007. DVD.
(c) T. E. Bearden, Energy from the Vacuum: Concepts and Principles, Cheniere Press,
Santa Barbara, 2002, Chapter 5: Selective Approaches to Overunity Power Systems, pp.
219-291.
(d) T. E. Bearden and John Bedini, Free Energy Generation: Circuits & Schematics,
Cheniere Press, Santa Barbara, 2006. (See http://cheniere.org/sales/buy-feg.htm for the
abstract).
37

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 3413, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
38. For a preview of what is going into production and sales by Bedini's company
Energenx, see www.energenx.com for products, advantages, etc. The first overunity
(COP>1.0) battery-charging Energenx systems are now coming off a small production
line and going into large warehouses, to charge the batteries of large materials handling
equipment. Charging with negative energy dramatically reduces the positive electric
energy one must take from the wall socket (and pay for). It also reverses internal
sulfation, and dramatically increases the life and performance of the batteries.
Further, there have been more than two dozen independent replications of Bedini's
processes world wide, so he has met the final criterion of the scientific method:
independent replication.
39. An example is our own motionless electromagnetic generator (MEG) system. We
require another year to year and a half of very comprehensive work, to go from the first
crude "bench demonstrator" stage to a finished and fully engineered unit ready for mass
production. See:
(a) Stephen L. Patrick, Thomas E. Bearden, James C. Hayes, Kenneth D. Moore, and
James L. Kenny,
"Motionless Electromagnetic Generator," U.S. Patent # 6,362,718, Mar.
26, 2002.
(b) M. W. Evans et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
with O(3) Electrodynamics," Found. Phys. Lett. 14(1), Feb. 2001, pp. 87-94. Quoting:
"...the fundamental operational principle of the MEG is explained using a version of
higher symmetry electrodynamics known as O(3) electrodynamics, which ... has been
developed extensively in the literature. The theoretical explanation of the MEG with O(3)
electrodynamics is straightforward: Magnetic energy is taken directly ex vacua and used
to replenish the permanent magnets of the MEG device, which therefore produces a
source of energy that, in theory, can be replenished indefinitely from the vacuum. Such a
result is incomprehensible in U(1) Maxwell-Heaviside electrodynamics."
(c) M. W. Evans et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator by
Sachs's Theory of Electrodynamics," Found. Phys. Lett. 14(4), 2001, pp. 387-393.
(d) M. W. Evans et al., "The Aharonov-Bohm Effect as the Basis of Electromagnetic
Energy Inherent in the Vacuum," Found. Phys. Lett. 15(6), Dec. 2002, pp. 561-568.
(e) T. E. Bearden, "Energy from the Active Vacuum: The Motionless Electromagnetic
Generator," in M. W. Evans (Ed.), Modern Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, 3-vols.,
Wiley, 2001; Vol. 2, pp. 699-776.
(f) M. W. Evans, T. E. Bearden, and A. Labounsky, "The Most General Form of the
Vector Potential in Electrodynamics," Found. Phys. Lett. 15(3), June 2002, pp. 245-261.
Quoting:
"It is therefore possible, in principle, to extract electromagnetic energy from the
vacuum .... The surface charges of an intercepting circuit diverge a fraction of the
outflowing spatial electromagnetic energy current from the dipole into the circuit
conductors producing electromotive force in the circuit. Conservation of energy flow in
3-space is violated, but conservation of energy 4-flow is rigorously maintained, as is
permitted in any spatially excited region of spacetime".
... In electrical engineering terms, the dipole acts as a true negative resistor, since it
receives EM (electromagnetic) energy in unusable form (in electrical engineering,
reactive power form) and outputs it in usable form (real power form)."
38

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3388, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"... Oddly, to power their external circuits and loads, batteries and generators do not
use their available internal energy-the shaft energy we input to the generator, or the
chemical energy available in the battery. Instead, neglecting its internal losses, each uses
its available energy to perform work upon its own internal charges and force them apart,
thereby forming a source dipole connected to the terminals. Batteries and generators
expend their internal available energy to make the source dipole, nothing else. None of
the internal energy is used to power the external circuit."
"Once the source dipole is formed, its giant negentropy results in the dipole
continuously receiving unusable reactive power from the time domain of the 4-vacuum,
transducing the received energy into 3-space energy, and emitting 3-energy flow that
pours from the terminals and through space around the circuit."
(g) T. E. Bearden, Energy from the Vacuum: Concepts and Principles, Cheniere Press,
Santa Barbara, CA, 2002, "Chapter 7. Aharonov-Bohm Effect, Geometric Phase, and the
Motionless Electromagnetic Generator."
(h) A very clear explanation of the operation of the MEG is given by T. E. Bearden,
"Engineering the Active Vacuum: On the Asymmetrical Aharonov-Bohm Effect and
Magnetic Vector Potential A vs. Magnetic Field B," available at link
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/On%20the%20Aharonov-Bohm%20Effect1.doc and
also in Part 1 of the Energy from the Vacuum™ documentary series, DVD available from
Energetic Productions LLC.
40. The solution systems are asymmetric Maxwellian systems a priori, since they accept
and use additional excess energy freely received from the active vacuum. Such
asymmetric systems are present in Maxwell's original theory, given in James Clerk
Maxwell, "A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field," Royal Society
Transactions, Vol. CLV, 1865, p 459. Read Dec. 8, 1864. Also in The Scientific Papers
of James Clerk Maxwell, 2 vols. bound as one, edited by W. D. Niven, Dover, New York,
1952, Vol. 1, p. 526-597. The paper may be downloaded from:
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_1.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_2.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_3.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_4.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_5.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_6.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Diagram.pdf.
41. The U(1) group symmetry electrical engineering model assumes an inert vacuum and
a flat spacetime. It is thus limited to a special relativistic system operating in a totally
inert environment; hence the assumed symmetrized system cannot and will not ever
usably receive any excess energy from its totally inactive vacuum/spacetime
environment. By using closed-loop circulation of all current from the forward EMF of the
external circuit, forced back through the back EMF of the primary source, the present EE
systems are symmetrical and self-enforce COP<1.0 insofar as use of additional energy
from the vacuum is concerned. On the other hand, physics itself already contains higher
group symmetry electrodynamics models, such as SU(2)xSU(2), O(3), quaternion
electrodynamics, etc. In these models an active vacuum/spacetime does exist, and so
dynamics of spacetime (i.e., general relativity effects) also exist and operate. In short,
39

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3498, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
better models already prescribe the very asymmetric Maxwellian systems that are so
desperately needed.
42. As an example, rigorous proof that eliminating the arbitrary Lorentz condition
provides systems having free additional energy currents from the vacuum is given by M.
W. Evans et al., "Classical Electrodynamics without the Lorentz Condition: Extracting
Energy from the Vacuum, " Physica Scripta, Vol. 61, 2000, pp. 513-517.
43. See the section An Example Indicator on an example of a "free EM energy flow
from the vacuum" asymmetrical Maxwellian system. It is ridiculously easy to produce an
unending constant flow of real EM energy from the local vacuum, anywhere, anytime, as
discussed in the mentioned section. But since 1892 and the very beginning of electrical
engineering, our EEs have been trained to build only a symmetrical Maxwellian system
that continually destroys its universal source dipolarity and therefore its asymmetry-and
therefore its extraction of free EM energy flow from the vacuum. The symmetrical EM
system does this faster than it uses a smaller portion of the collected energy flow from the
dipolar source (inside the generator) of the "free electromagnetic wind" to power the
loads in the external circuit.
We therefore have to keep cranking the shaft of the generator-not to have the
mechanical energy transformed to EM energy to power the external circuit and its loads,
but to continually force apart the opposite charges inside the generator to restore the
source dipole and its broken symmetry-thereby restoring the free flow of EM energy
extracted from the vacuum by the asymmetry of the source dipole.
Obviously, if we do not allow this "symmetrical system self-destruction of the source
dipole inside the generator", we will not need to keep cranking the generator shaft, once
the source dipole is established. Just leave that internal dipole alone and do not change it,
and it will sit there and freely pour out real EM energy flow until the end of time.
Similarly with an electret laid on a permanent magnet, so that E and H fields are
orthogonal. Just leave that gadget alone and do not disturb it or change it, and it will
freely pour out real Poynting EM energy flow-until the end of time.
44. See endnote {42}. Quoting from Evans et al. (ibid):
"A demonstration is made of the existence of a time dependent classical vacuum
polarization which appears if the Lorentz condition is discarded. Vacuum charge and
current appear phenomenologically in the Lehnert equations but fundamentally in the
O(3) Yang-Mills theory of classical electrodynamics. The latter also allows for the
possibility of the existence of vacuum topological magnetic charge density and
topological magnetic current density. Both O(3) and Lehnert equations are superior to
the Maxwell-Heaviside equations in being able to describe phenomena not amenable to
the latter. In theory, devices can be made to extract the energy associated with vacuum
charge and current. "
45. These include at least a dozen different systems by John Bedini himself, some using
positive EM energy and others using negative EM energy. His overunity battery chargers
are going into production and sales as this paper is being written. He also has several
"self-powering" systems powered totally by energy from the vacuum, without energy
input by the operator. Other systems by other inventors or groups include (a) the
motionless electromagnetic generator (MEG) using the Aharonov-Bohm effect, (b) self-
40

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 3396, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
powering permanent magnet motors, (c) the NRAM (negative resonance absorption of
the medium) process in optical physics that produces COP = 18 for optimized
experiments, (d) cold fusion, (e) watergas, etc.
Many other legitimate but struggling inventors have systems that could be completed
and readied for production and marketing, given necessary funding and time.
46. (a) It is also possible to build a solid-state self-powering "battery", where special
materials (such as tourmaline wafers made of finely ground crystals) simply exhibit a
steady voltage across the material and will sustain a steady little current in any "external
circuit" affixed to its opposite sides as "battery terminals". Like batteries, these wafers
can be connected in parallel and in series to produce self-powering batteries of various
sizes and power abilities. See a relevant discussion of the DeGeus self-powering battery
wafer, in T. E. Bearden, "A Curious Coincidence: Was it Suppression of the Self-
Powering Battery?" 28 November 2007, available at link
http://cheniere.org/articles/Coincidence%20or%20Suppression%20of%20the%20Self-
Powering/20Battery 202.doc.
(b) There is even a patent on at least one such legitimate system; see Tetsujiro Kubo,
"Permanent Electrode Carrier Using Tourmaline," U.S. Patent No. 5,601,909 dated Feb.
11, 1997. Kubo also has a European patent on the process, plus a Japanese patent and a
German patent.
(c) DeGeus was indeed intent on coming out with his wafer and various assemblies of
it, to provide self-powering "batteries" of various sizes and capacities. A European
consortium had offered significant funding, and DeGeus was on his way to sign the
agreement in Europe and thus get funded quite amply.
47. By developing and making available these cheap, clean "energy from the vacuum"
solutions, it also directly enables the rapid economic development of presently
downtrodden and suffering countries. The modern national economy is based on cheap
energy (and we would hope on cheap energy that is also environmentally very clean).
Availability of cheap, clean energy to the downtrodden and suffering nations would
enable very rapid economic development while dramatically reducing present pollution
of the biosphere, thus allowing concomitant infrastructure development, biospheric
cleanup, and sharp reduction in global warming emissions. This would directly elevate
and enrich the lives of the suffering populations worldwide.
48. As a single example, the proven NRAM (negative resonance absorption of the
medium) process in optical physics can be adapted to produce self-powering heat
amplifiers and these can be added to existing steam boilers to make the steam boilers
self-powering. This will allow rapid modification of most present electrical power
systems already functioning, making them "self-powered" by the active vacuum, and
thereby ceasing most of their combustion of fossil fuel or nuclear fuel rods, etc.—which
makes them totally clean.
49. For results of a successful antigravity test of the Sweet VTA (vacuum triode
amplifier) device, see Floyd Sweet and T. E. Bearden, "Utilizing Scalar Electromagnetics
to Tap Vacuum Energy," Proc. 26th Intersociety Energy Conversion Engineering
Conference (IECEC '91), Boston, Massachusetts, 1991, pp. 370-375. The Sweet VTA
produced (and output) negative energy at a COP = 1,500,000. The source of the negative
41

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3390, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
energy input was self-oscillation induced in the negative binding energy of the barium
nuclei in barium ferrite permanent magnets. By merely adding impedances in series and
switching them in one at a time, the unit lost 90% of its weight on the bench, smoothly
and controllably. Shortly thereafter there was an assassination attempt on Sweet's life,
which so frightened him that he would never again experiment with antigravity, but only
with the energy aspects of the VTA.
50. By use of the Fogal chip in precursor engineering mode, operating through multiply
connected spacetime. In short, the Fogal chip can communicate using what is called a
quantum potential involving multiply-connected spacetime. Proof that such "instant
communication" between previously interacted photons at a great distance can be
done and does occur is well-known in quantum physics. It has now been experimentally
proven for ordinary communications, at any distance, using the Fogal semiconductor.
(a) E.g., see David J. Bohm, B. J. Hiley, and P. N. Kaloyerou, "An ontological basis
for the quantum theory," Physics Reports, 144(6), 1987, p. 321-375.
(b) See also Robert Carroll, Fluctuations, Information, Gravity, and the Quantum
Potential, Springer, 2006.
(c) See particularly B. J. Hiley and F. David Peat, "General Introduction: The
Development of David Bohm's Ideas From the Plasma to the Implicate Order," in B. J.
Hiley and F. David Peat, Eds. Quantum Implications: Essays in Honour of David Bohm,
Routledge & Kegan Paul, London, 1987, pp. 1-32. Quoting from p. 13:
"The quantum potential shows quite clearly that for a certain class of wave function
particles that are separated in space with no classical potential connecting them are not
really separated but are connected through the quantum potential. They are, as it were,
'together yet apart'. Furthermore the quantum potential contains an instantaneous
connection rather than the expected retarded connection. In some ways this is like a
reintroduction of a kind of action-at-a-distance, a feature that goes against the whole
historical development of physics...
51. Fogal's two patents are:
(a) William Jay Fogal, William Jay, "High Gain, Low distortion, Faster Switching
Transistor," U.S. Patent No. 5,196,809, Mar. 23, 1993; and
(b) William J. Fogal, "High Gain, Low Distortion, Faster Switching Transistor," U.S.
Patent No. 5,430,413, July 4, 1995.
52. Mind and mind dynamics occupy the time domain, but not 3-space. In quantum field
theory there are four photons, including the nonobservable time-polarized or "scalar"
photon, and the nonobservable longitudinal photon in addition to the two observable
transverse photons. The mind and its dynamics are totally electromagnetic, but just in
terms of time-polarized photons and time-polarized photon dynamics.
The scalar photon (in the time domain) and the longitudinal photon (in 3-space) are
each individually nonobservable, but their combination is observed as a simple voltage
spike. Hence any living system, which must couple its mind and mind dynamics (time-
polarized photon dynamics) to its 3-space body and body dynamics (longitudinal photon
dynamics), must include lots and lots of "voltage spikes" to do so.
This is why the brain and nervous system cells have so many dendrite endings, and
thus so many "spikes"-jillions and jillions of them. It is the only way that the time-
47

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3404, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
domain's mind dynamics of a single mind (its scalar photon activity) can be coherently
coupled to the 3-space dynamics of a physical body (and vice versa), to produce a "living
system"
This can be expanded into a direct engineering technology of the mind, which Russian
scientists have secretly done in their superweapons science of psychoenergetics. For the
development and types of this Russian energetics superweapons science and its
accomplishments, see T. E. Bearden, Oblivion: America at the Brink, Cheniere Press,
2005.
53. The scientific method arbitrarily discards time because experimental observation
invokes a д/дТ operator upon LLLT spacetime, producing a series of static 3-space LLL
observations —and we must infer the time changes and dynamics, as well as anything that
exists in or occupies time only. Since mind and mind dynamics exist in the time domain,
then the observation process destroys any direct hint of it, and we must speculate or
postulate mathematically as to what mind is, what mind dynamics are, and therefore what
the "living" part of "life" is.
By contrast, precursor engineering directly engineers spacetime itself, without
applying a д/дТ operator. Thus precursor engineering includes the structuring and
changing of time as well as space. It thus constitutes a giant leap of at least 500 years into
the future for science, and a dramatic extension of the present limited fundamental
scientific method itself. Sadly, the former Soviet Union did the necessary work to go
from present "scientific method" to precursor engineering, and called it "energetics"-
but kept it highly hidden and used only for the production of superweapons to kill or
control more people faster and easier. For an overview of what energetics entails and the
superweapons actually produced and deployed, see T. E. Bearden, Oblivion: America at
the Brink, Cheniere Press, 2005. We also include the psychoenergetics branch, where
mind and mind dynamics are deliberately engineered and used as a very special kind of
superweapon.
54. As stated, there is already a special semiconductor—the patented Fogal chip-that
will perform early precursor engineering. From time to time there also appear related
chips by other inventors that may also accomplish at least some precursor engineering.
55. Kurt Gödel, "Über formal unentscheidbare Sätze der Principa Mathematica und
verwandter Systeme" ("On Formally Indeterminable Propositions of the Principia
Mathematica and Related Systems)," in Monatshefte fur Mathematik und Physik, Vol.
38, 1931. This is the publication in which Gödel's Proof first appeared, which states that
within any logical mathematical system there are propositions or questions that cannot be
proved or disproved on the basis of the axioms within that system. Therefore, it is
uncertain whether or not the axioms of arithmetic will give rise to contradictions, since
they can. In short, no mathematical model is perfect and absolute.
To really see how convoluted the question of a model is: We reason that Gödel used a
model in producing the "proof" of his theorem. So we apply his own theorem to his own
model-and the end result changes astoundingly because now his proof is not absolute.
Now we would have to say that "no mathematical model is perfect and absolute until
one comes along that is!"
56. For a description of how the Fogal semiconductor works, see Program VII.
43

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3578, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
57. Nuclear wastes pose an insidious problem, particularly with respect to spent nuclear
fuel rod storage and vulnerability to terrorism. See "Nuclear weakness," NewScientist,
Vol. 180, 13 Dec. 2003, p. 4. Quoting from the article:
"Bob Alvarez, senior energy adviser to the Clinton administration, and colleagues
argue that 99 large ponds full of highly radioactive spent nuclear fuel at 65 sites across
the US are vulnerable to attack. To save space, the fuel has been densely stacked, and
this means it could heat up and catch fire within hours if the ponds emptied, they claim."
"The consequences could be significantly worse than Chernobyl," Alvarez told
NewScientist. "The fuel ponds are the biggest terrorist risk in the US nuclear industry."
58. In the latter 1880s, Tesla had discovered that EM energy could be freely taken from
the "active medium", and he was determined to give free energy to the world. He had
destroyed Thomas Edison's and J. P. Morgan's dreams of a vast DC electric power plant
empire, by installing much more practical AC systems at Niagara Falls. Accordingly, the
ruthless Morgan recognized Tesla as his mortal enemy, to be destroyed, and he did in fact
totally bankrupt Tesla, reducing him to living in a hotel room off the charity of the hotel
and a few friends. Morgan also ordered his scientific advisors to check the new Heaviside
vector equations —which were to be used as the basis of the new electrical engineering
just being formed-to insure the equations did not contain any of those confounded Tesla
"energy from the active medium" systems.
Since group theory and analysis was adopted in 1870s, the excellent advisors to
Morgan simply did a group symmetry analysis of the Heaviside equations, which showed
that the equations still contained some of the asymmetrical systems that were in
Maxwell's original theory. Morgan ordered them to fix the problem, so Lorentz (a great
scientist but one who also had a habit of using other scientists' work and receiving credit
for it), was induced to do the fixing. Lorentz simply symmetrized the highly restricted
Heaviside vector equations, thereby further curtailing them by discarding all the
remaining asymmetric Maxwellian systems. Since any system receiving and using excess
EM energy from its "active medium" (the active vacuum/spacetime) is an asymmetric
system a priori, this "fixed" the new EE equations so that they discarded all asymmetric
systems capable of exhibiting COP>1.0 using free excess EM energy input from the
active vacuum/medium.
For a revealing treatise, see J. D. Jackson and L. B. Okun, "Historical roots of gauge
invariance," Rev. Mod. Phys., Vol. 73, July 2001, pp. 663-680. The paper discusses roots
and history of gauge invariance, verifies that Ludwig Lorenz (without the "*") first
symmetrically regauged Maxwell's equations, although it has been misattributed to H. A.
Lorentz (with the "*") as being first. This is an excellent coverage of the history of who
did what and when, and who got or took credit for it.
59. For Lorentz's symmetrization of the Heaviside equations, see H. A. Lorentz., "La
Théorie électromagnétique de Maxwell et son application aux corps mouvants," [The
Electromagnetic Theory of Maxwell and its application to moving bodies], Arch. Néerl.
Sci., Vol. 25, 1892, pp. 363-552. [Also in H. A. Lorentz, Collected Papers, The Hague:
Martinus Nijhoff, vol. 2, pp. 168-238, esp. p. 168.] This is the work that Lorentz cites
later (in 1895) for his proof of the symmetrical regauging theorems (the two equations of
symmetrical regauging).
44

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3422, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
60. See T. D. Lee, Particle Physics and Introduction to Field Theory, Harwood Academy
Publishers, Chur, New York, and London, 1981, p. 181. Quoting Nobelist Lee:
"...the violation of symmetry arises whenever what was thought to be a non-
observable turns out to be actually an observable."
61. Consider this question: What is the most work that an original input of 100 joules of
EM energy into a multi-part system can theoretically do?
The answer is not 100 joules!
Let's suppose that the "system" is made of two subsystems, A and B. And suppose that
both subsystems A and B are 100% efficient; i.e., each simply "converts energy in form"
to do work, but does not "lose" any of the energy by allowing it to escape from the
overall system (it escapes from the subsystem only). The converted energy is dissipated
from the subsystem, but not from the entire system.
We also point out that the rigorous definition of work is the change of form of some
energy.
So we input 100 joules of energy (in form 1) into subsystem A, which is designed to
convert input energy in form 1 into output energy in form 2. Since it's 100% efficient by
our thought-experiment, subsystem A takes the 100 joules of input "form 1" energy, and
converts that energy (all of it!) into energy in form 2, so that it outputs 100 joules of
energy in form 2, while it has just done 100 joules of work (conversion of form of 100
joules of energy). It outputs 100 joules of energy in form 2, still (in our
gedankenexperiment) not having "lost" (dissipated" the energy completely out of the
entire system. Instead, it only "lost" it (output or dissipated it) from subsystem A.
Now-clever devils that we are we have deliberately designed subsystem B to
receive energy in form 2 and convert it into form 1 again, thereby doing work. And it's
100% efficient, so it outputs still-available 100 joules of energy from its input in Form 2
back into form 1 again. And it still remains in the overall system. Subsystem B did 100
joules of work also, and we still have our original 100 joules of energy, now back in form
Lagain!
So we can wire the output of subsystem A to the input of subsystem B, and the output
of subsystem B to the input of subsystem A. Then we put in 100 joules of energy in form
1 to subsystem A and sit back and watch what happens.
That silly thing will sit there and cycle continually, doing 200 joules of work (energy
form-changing) in each cycle, and never losing that original 100 joules of energy-just
changing it repeatedly from form 1 to form 2 and back to form 1, etc.
There is no "conservation of work" law; there is a conservation of energy law! If we
do not "lose" any of the energy processed by each subsystem, we can use the same energy
(in alternating different form!) over and over, continually.
So how much work can our original 100 joules of energy that we input to that "big
system" do? Any amount we wish, if we wait long enough. It produces 200 joules of
work in each "cycle", and with our assumption of "no losses"—i.e., no dissipation of the
energy by its escaping the entire system —it will run forever.
The universe is a very large system made of a great number of subsystems. And
energy dissipated from one subsystem is used again to do work in other successive
subsystems. The universe works this way all the time. And it always has.
Now in our usual circuits, every time we do work in a component or subsystem, we
45

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3578, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
just automatically let the transformed energy escape from our entire system (i.e., we
allow it to be "dissipated" and "lost" from the entire system). And we build subsystems
that are less (often much less) than 100% efficient. In short, we build systems whose
subsystems regularly dissipate the energy right out of the entire circuit/system, so that it
cannot be "reused". That's really what the term "dissipation of energy as work" means.
We have to reinterpret that silly phrase as "dissipation (escape from the entire system) of
the converted energy after work (change of form of energy) is produced".
The "magic" simply is in not dissipating the energy out of the entire system, each time
that it does some useful work (gets converted in form) in a subsystem. If the energy
escapes the system (i.e., is dissipated from the system), no further use can be made of it
to produce useful work in that system. If the energy does not escape the system, then
further use can be made of it to produce useful work in that system.
62. (a) See Thomas E. Bearden, "Extracting and Using Electromagnetic Energy from the
Active Vacuum, " Modern Nonlinear Optics, Part 2. Second Edition, Advances in
Chemical Physics, Volume 119, Edited by Myron W. Evans. Series Editors I. Prigogine
and Stuart A. Rice, John Wiley and Sons, 2001, pp. 691-192. Quoting:
"All the hydrocarbons ever burned, all the steam turbines that ever turned the shaft of
a generator, all the rivers ever dammed, all the nuclear fuel rods ever consumed, all the
windmills and waterwheels, all the solar cells, and all the chemistry in all the batteries
ever produced, have not directly delivered a single watt into the external circuit's load.
All that incredible fuel consumption and energy extracted from the environment has only
been used to continually restore the source dipole that our own closed current loop
circuits are deliberately designed to destroy faster than the load is powered."
(b) See also our recommended Program I. One can take all the electrical energy that
one wishes or requires, from the free "static voltage" of common electrostatic voltage
sources, freely and essentially forever.
63. The Energy Imperative: Technology and the Role of Emerging Companies, Report of
the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, Nov 8, 2006. Available
at http://www.ostp.gov/pcast/PCAST-EnergyImperative_FINAL.pdf. Quoting: "Our
recommendations focus on immediate steps that could be taken to reduce our Nation's
reliance on foreign oil and to reduce atmospheric emissions from energy production and
use. In the area of electricity generation, we call for steps to accelerate the deployment of
advanced nuclear power, clean coal technology, renewable sources such as solar and
wind energy, and energy efficiency technologies. In the area of transportation, we
suggest steps for a major transition to biofuels and to electric or hydrogen-powered
vehicles. With these new transportation technologies, American consumers will have a
choice of fuels that previously has not been available."
As can be seen, PCAST remained immersed in the horribly failed "energy mostly
from fuel consumption" present paradigm.
64. For a good description of this earth-electrosphere potential difference see
"Lightning Awesome Force in the Sky," at http://www.cltskywarn.org/lightning.htm.
65. (a) E. T. Whittaker, "On the Partial Differential Equations of Mathematical Physics,"
Mathematische Annalen, Vol. 57, 1903, pp. 333-355.
(b) See also E. T. Whittaker, "On an Expression of the Electromagnetic Field Due to
46

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3536, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Electrons by Means of Two Scalar Potential Functions," Proc. Lond. Math. Soc., Series
2, Vol. 1, 1904, pp. 367-372.
66. The difference in potential established across the circuit, when acting on the charged
electrons in that circuit, together with those interacting charged electrons constitutes an
EM force acting on those interacting charged particles. When the electrons are again free
to move as current, this force pumps the interacting electrons around through the losses
and loads to the ground side (the forward emf path) -and also pumps the spent electrons
from the ground side back through the back emf path of the source, destroying the source
dipolarity as it powers the loads and losses. Thus work can be engendered by "static"
potentialization, if dynamic depotentialization (dissipation in losses and loads) occurs.
The reason is that the circuitry transforms the "static precursor potential difference",
when it is interacting with charged masses, to force by interacting the precursor with
charges q. And when—with the original source disconnected and the external circuit
recompleted as a separate and "already-potentialized" circuit the electrons are unpinned
and flow as current, these forces move and produce work W by the equation W = Fods.
So by potentializing statically from a static voltage source, separating the source,
recompleting the circuit and then allowing it to dynamically dissipate its energy by self-
pumping current through the losses and loads, we do "free" useful work in the loads,
paying only for a very tiny bit of switching and timing work.
With efficient switching, COP>1.0 is easily achieved.
67. H. A. Lorentz, "La Théorie électromagnétique de Maxwell et son application aux
corps mouvants," [The Electromagnetic Theory of Maxwell and its application to moving
bodies], Arch. Néerl. Sci., Vol. 25, 1892, pp. 363-552. Also in H. A. Lorentz, Collected
Papers, The Hague: Martinus Nijhoff, vol. 2, pp. 168-238, esp. p. 168. This is the work
that Lorentz cites later (in 1895) for his proof of the symmetrical regauging theorems (the
two equations of symmetrical regauging).
68. H. A. Lorentz, Vorlesungen über Theoretische Physik an der Universität Leiden,
Vol. V, Die Maxwellsche Theorie (1900-1902), Akademische Verlagsgesellschaft
M.B.H., Leipzig, 1931, "Die Energie im elektromagnetischen Feld," pp. 179-186.
Figure 25 on p. 185 shows the Lorentz concept of integrating the Poynting vector
around a closed cylindrical surface surrounding a volumetric element. This is the
procedure which arbitrarily selects only a small component of the energy flow associated
with a circuit specifically, the small Poynting component being diverged into the circuit
to power it-and then treats that tiny component as the "entire" energy flow. Thereby
Lorentz arbitrarily discarded all the extra Heaviside curled energy transport component
which is usually not diverged into the circuit conductors at all, does not interact with
anything locally, and is just wasted.
However, most of today's scientists and engineers no longer are aware of the giant
Heaviside curled energy flow component accompanying every feeble Poynting energy
flow component in every circuit.
69. (a) See Editorial, "The Transfer of Energy," The Electrician, Vol. 27, July 10, 1891,
pp. 270-272. Two men independently and simultaneously discovered EM energy flow
through space; before their discovery the concept does not occur in physics. The two men
were Oliver Heavisidea self-taught genius who never attended university, but
47

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3544, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
purchased books and learned from them—and John Poynting, a scientist and an
academician.
(b) Poynting published prestigiously as J. H. Poynting, "On the transfer of energy in
the electromagnetic field," Phil. Trans. Royal Soc. London, Vol. 175, Part II, 1885, pp.
343-361. Thus the major credit for discovering the flow of energy through space outside
the conductor was given to Poynting because of his academic credentials.
However, Poynting only considered that very tiny component of the energy flow
through space along the wire, which interacts with the charges' fields and gets diverged
into the wire, so-to-speak, to power up the electrons. He never even considered a curled
flow that would not be diverged (in any special relativity situation). He also got the
direction of flow wrong by 90°.
Heaviside discovered the small diverged component that enters the circuit, but also
discovered a mind-boggling additional curled EM energy flow that does not get diverged
(in any special relativity situation, where the divergence of the curl is zero) but is trillions
of times greater in magnitude than the diverged Poynting component that "powers the
circuit". He also corrected Poynting's mistake in the direction of energy flow.
(c) In Morgan's ruthless suppression of Tesla's "energy from the active medium"
systems by Lorentz symmetrical regauging in 1892, the Heaviside equations had been
modified to eliminate all remaining asymmetric Maxwellian systems the ones which
could indeed extract excess energy from the "active medium"
'. When a vexed Morgan
then heard of Heaviside's discovery-that from the terminals of every generator there
pours trillions of times as much energy as we mechanically crank into the shafthe again
had Lorentz "fix the problem" so that future students would not be taught that fact.
So in 1900 Lorentz simply integrated the entire energy flow vector (containing both
the curled and uncurled energy flow components) around a closed surface surrounding
any volume element of interest. That neatly retains the very feeble Poynting diverged
energy flow component, while arbitrarily discarding Heaviside's giant curled energy flow
component. The reference where Lorentz introduced this concept to all the
electrodynamicists—and rid all the emerging EE books of any mention of the giant
Heaviside energy flow component—is given in the previous endnote, number {66}.
70. Oliver Heaviside, "On the Forces, Stresses, and Fluxes of Energy in the
Electromagnetic Field," Phil. Trans. Roy. Soc. London, 183A, 1893, pp. 423-480.
Heaviside discusses the Faraday-Maxwell ether medium, outlines his vector algebra for
analysis of vectors without quaternions, discusses magnetism, gives the EM equations in
a moving medium, and gives the EM flux of energy in a stationary medium. On p. 443,
he credits Poynting with being first to discover the formula for energy flow, with
Heaviside himself independently discovering and interpreting this flow a little later by
himself in an extended form.
71. Quoting Jackson:
"...the Poynting vector is arbitrary to the extent that the curl of any vector field can be
added to it. Such an added term can, however, have no physical consequences. Hence it
is customary to make the specific choice ..." [J. D. Jackson, Classical Electrodynamics,
Second Edition, Wiley, 1975, p. 237]. Note that Jackson's statement of "no physical
consequences" is correct for special relativistic situations. It is false for general
relativistic situations without the Killing symmetry arbitrarily applied.
48

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3443, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
72. E.g., quoting Sir Roger Penrose:
"We seem to have lost those most crucial conservation laws of physics, the laws of
conservation of energy and momentum!" [Penrose then adds the Killing symmetry
arbitrarily, to get conservation again, when the Killing vector applies and gravity is
separated.]. "These conservation laws hold only in a spacetime for which there is the
appropriate symmetry, given by the Killing vector k.... [These considerations/ do not
really help us in understanding what the fate of the conservation laws will be when
gravity itself becomes an active player. We still have not regained our missing
conservation laws of energy and momentum, when gravity enters the picture.... This
awkward-seeming fact has, since the early days of general relativity, evoked some of the
strongest objections to that theory, and reasons for unease with it, as expressed by
numerous physicists over the years. ... in fact Einstein's theory takes account of energy-
momentum conservation in a rather sophisticated way—at least in those circumstances
where such a conservation law is most needed. ... Whatever energy there is in the
gravitational field itself is to be excluded from having any representation... " [Roger
Penrose, The Road to Reality, Alfred A. Knopf, New York, 2005, pp. 457-458.]
Our comment is that this "solution" accepted by many general relativists is to just
arbitrarily toss out the gravity and gravitational energy density of spacetime in a given
troublesome case, and the problem of nonconservation of energy and momentum then
vanishes. In short, separate the spacetime itself from the fields, and there is no problem!
However, simply avoiding the problem itself is not solving the problem! Considering the
neglected and unaccounted giant Heaviside energy flow always accompanying every
Poynting EM energy flow, the gravity effect is always at least of importance, and this
"solution" itself is in general nearly always untenable.
73. Quoting the great Hilbert, shortly after Einstein published his theory of general
relativity:
"I assert... that for the general theory of relativity, i.e., in the case of general
invariance of the Hamiltonian function, energy equations... corresponding to the energy
equations in orthogonally invariant theories do not exist at all. I could even take this
circumstance as the characteristic feature of the general theory of relativity. " [D. Hilbert,
Gottingen Nachrichten, Vol. 4, 1917, p. 21.J.
74. Quoting Logunov and Loskutov:
"In formulating the equivalence principle, Einstein actually abandoned the idea of the
gravitational field as a Faraday-Maxwell field, and this is reflected in the
pseudotensorial characterization of the gravitational field that he introduced. Hilbert
was the first to draw attention to the consequences of this. ... Unfortunately, ... Hilbert
was evidently not understood by his contemporaries, since neither Einstein himself nor
other physicists recognized the fact that in general relativity conservation laws for
energy, momentum, and angular momentum are in principle impossible. " [A. A. Logunov
and Yu. M. Loskutov, "Nonuniqueness of the predictions of the general theory of
relativity," Sov. J. Part. Nucl., 18(3), May-June 1987, p. 179].
75. Bedini's present patents are:
(a) John C. Bedini, "Device and Method for Pulse Charging a Battery and for Driving
other Devices with a Pulse," U. S. Patent No. 6,677,730 issued January 13, 2004.
49

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3222, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b) John C. Bedini, "Device and Method of a Back EMF Permanent Electromagnetic
Motor Generator," U.S. Patent No. 6,392,370, May 21, 2002.
(c) John C. Bedini, "Device and Method for Using a Monopole Motor to Create Back
EMF to Charge Batteries," U. S. Patent No. 6,545,444, Apr. 8, 2003.
(d) A fourth patent application has been made and is pending completion by the patent
office, and several other patent applications are in preparation.
76. For a thorough explanation of how the MEG works, see T. E. Bearden, "Engineering
the Active Vacuum: On the Asymmetrical Aharonov-Bohm Effect and Magnetic Vector
Potential A vs. Magnetic Field B" available at link
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/On%20the%20Aharonov-Bohm%20Effect1.doc.
That's a definitive write-up (with drawings) which clearly reveals the way the MEG
operates, and what the free evocation of the Aharonov-Bohm effect actually does vis a
vis (a) exciting the local vacuum, and (b) triggering that excited vacuum outside the
MEG core to produce E-field energy pulses directed back toward the MEG core.
77. E.g., see M. V. Berry and S. Klein, "Geometric phases from stacks of crystal plates,"
J. Mod. Opt. Vol. 43, 1996, pp. 165-180.
78. See Michael Berry's very important website at
http://www.phy.bris.ac.uk/people/berry_mv/index.html. Many of his important
publications are available from the website. A list of his publications is also available.
79. Y. Aharonov and J. Anandan, "Phase Change during a Cyclic Quantum Evolution,"
Phys. Rev. Lett., Vol. 58, 1987, pp. 1593-1596.
80. Modern physics—not the more than a century old and terribly obsolete CEM/EE-
already tells us that we can take energy from a charge forever and never run down,
because we are already dealing with infinite charge and infinite energy. E.g., quoting
Nobelist Weinberg:
"[The total energy of the atom] depends on the bare mass and bare charge of the
electron, the mass and charge that appear in the equations of the theory before we start
worrying about photon emissions and reabsorptions. But free electrons as well as
electrons in atoms are always emitting and reabsorbing photons that affect the electron's
mass and electric charge, and so the bare mass and charge are not the same as the
measured electron mass and charge that are listed in tables of elementary particles. In
fact, in order to account for the observed values (which of course are finite) of the mass
and charge of the electron, the bare mass and charge must themselves be infinite. The
total energy of the atom is thus the sum of two terms, both infinite: the bare energy that is
infinite because it depends on the infinite bare mass and charge, and the energy shift...
that is infinite because it receives contributions from virtual photons of unlimited
energy. " [Steven Weinberg, Dreams of a Final Theory, Vintage Books, Random House,
1993, p. 109-110.J.
81. Note that this is not a flow of electron current, but a flow of pure photon current.
Since this flow involves no flow of mass, there is force and thus no "translation of force"
involved. Hence there is no "work" or "rate of work flow" (power) involved, so there is
no self-destruction of the source dipole (the charge and its polarized vacuum).
50

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 2197, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
82. D. J. Evans and Lamberto Rondoni, "Comments on the Entropy of Nonequilibrium
Steady States," J. Stat. Phys., 109(3-4), Nov. 2002, pp. 895-920. This paper rigorously
proves that in theory real physical systems can produce continuous negative entropy, in
total violation to the flawed old second law of equilibrium thermodynamics. We have
nominated the source charge and the source dipole as universal examples demonstrating
that capability since the beginning of the universe.
83. (a) See T. E. Bearden, "Leyton's Hierarchies of Symmetry: Solution to the Major
Asymmetry Problem of Thermodynamics," available at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/Fact_Sheets/Fact/20Sheet/20-
%20Leyton%20Hierarchies%20of%20Symmetry%20-%20trial2%20-%20corrected.doc .
This paper presents a formal correction to the old second law of equilibrium
thermodynamics, and also discusses the necessary change from the very old 1872 Klein
geometry to the much more modern Leyton geometry, which is necessary for explanation
of the source charge's continuous emission of real observable EM energy without any
observable energy input.
(b) See also Michael Leyton, A Generative Theory of Shape, Springer-Verlag, Berlin,
2001. The significant aspect of Leyton's epochal work is the development of an object-
oriented theory of geometry that overcomes most of the limitations of the old Klein
geometry. Negative entropy is in fact "wired in" to the Leyton geometry.
84. See "A New Transistor Design." (1994) Superconductivity News, 6(43), 1994, pp.
12, 8-9. This is a somewhat tongue-in-cheek article on Bill Fogal's new charge-blocking
semiconductor, which if real will—in the editor's opinion—mean that "normal"
superconductivity is doomed, and will mean the end of energy-based economies and
infrastructures.
85. See Megan Potter, "Study Claims Pollution Causes 40% of Deaths," The Cornell
Daily Sun, August 30, 2007. A new Cornell University study conducted by Prof. David
Pimentel, Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, shows that about 40% of present human
deaths yearly are caused by pollution and polluting products in the water, air, and soil.
86. T. E. Bearden, Oblivion: America at the Brink, Cheniere Press, 2005.
51
