{"created_utc": "2026-08-27T08:56:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 172515, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18588-ce-5-initiative-transcript.pdf", "source_sha256": "8ebb47f3c4c4bccbee845ca0058203e4c2e6340bf00fee142caf44a39d592f97"}

The CE-5 Initiative by Steven M. Greer, M.D.
          As recorded by Shari Adamiak
                      Transcript of Audio Recording
                               April 1995

From a presentation by Dr. Steven Greer in Denver, Colorado on 8 April 1995


The challenge of formulating teams of people to actually establish a relationship
with these life forms is great. We do not want to diminish the logistical,
theoretical and other issues. But the basic premise is something very simple.
And that is: We are here. The extraterrestrial life forms are there (and frequently
are here as well, landing on Terra Firma). Does it not make sense to move from
the position of denial or passive observation, into a role of active participation,
attempting to engage these life forms and their spacecraft and their occupants in
some type of relationship and dialogue. For this reason, the term Close
Encounter of the Fifth Kind was created to explain an entirely new category of
encounters with these extraterrestrials. A Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind is
when humans deliberately take the initiative to interact with or communicate with,
no matter how simply, with these life forms and their spacecraft. It is that simple.
It may be as rudimentary as someone driving down a road and seeing a space
craft that is obviously not of human manufacture, and signaling their bright lights
on and off, and the object stops, comes over and signals back in the same
sequence. There are dozens of cases of this occurring. It is a simple exchange;
it may be ridiculed by people as simplistic. But it is an important step, because it
is an attempt by a person to reach out to these occupants and they stop and take
the time to answer back. It doesn’t matter if there was any substance to the
communication; the fact that hello was said and an answer came back is
profoundly important; it is a quantum leap in the relationship.

The other types of close encounters which have been described are:

Close Encounter of the First Kind is a sighting of an extraterrestrial spacecraft
within 500 feet.

A Close Encounter of the Second Kind is a landing trace or an electromagnetic
trace - some sort of physical trace that is left by one of these objects.

A Close Encounter of the Third Kind, as everyone knows from Stephen
Spielberg’s famous movie, is the sighting of one of the humanoids or life forms,
usually in association with a spacecraft, but not always.
A Close Encounter of the Fourth Kind is when someone is actually taken on
board a craft and while this is rare, there are a few cases where it appears that
this has happened.

And a Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind, then, is the first category that is not
passive. If you look at the other four, you see that they are essentially passive
categories. Even a Close Encounter of the Fourth Kind, for the most part. This
is a category where humans take the initiative and in a cooperative spirit, attempt
to interact with, or have an exchange with, these life forms, their space craft, the
occupants on board. It is an important new category because it is a new
concept; it is a new paradigm of interaction that goes from the usual passive
modality or retrospective modality to one of real time, pro-active communication.
And as such, it is a milestone in the development of the relationship. Because it
conveys to the extraterrestrial life forms that we are reaching the point of maturity
where we are willing to end our denial and end even our passive observation,
and step into a state of empowerment where we will say, “we are capable of
communicating with you and we wish to communicate with you”. This is a very
significant statement for us to make to ourselves, and for us to make to these life
forms. Our sense is that they have been waiting for this statement, not out of the
barrel of a gun but out of the minds and hearts of a sincere attempt to say hello,
for at least 40 or 50 years in an intense way.

Frequently, the question will be asked, “why don’t these life forms land on the
White House lawn and just get it all over with?” Well, aside from the fact that
they would be shot down by artillery or anti-aircraft missiles that are surrounding
that facility, it is an extremely simplistic view of the question. Because they have
let the world know, even though we have denied to each other in terms of sharing
the information, that we are not alone and that they are here. And it is our
responsibility, not theirs, to take the next step. It is utterly a state of mass co-
dependency to look to the extraterrestrials and wonder why they are not doing
everything for us. Or why they don’t land on the White House lawn. The
opportunity is there. They know that we know they are there. So it is our
responsibility to take the next step and say hello back. This is a sign of maturity.
The maturation in this embryonic relationship occurring between humans and
these life forms. And it is an important vision that the civilian population on this
planet should grasp, and that is, this can be done through relatively simple
means by groups as small as four or five people, in a rather successful -
dramatically at times - successful fashion. We do not need the permission from
the military/industrial complex to do this. It would be preferable, of course, that
the institutions of our planet come together in a spirit of global cooperation to
achieve this goal. And it is our fervent hope that indeed they will do so, at some
point in the relatively near future. But at this time, pending the development of
such institutions and such capabilities, people who consider themselves citizens
of this world have the right to enter into what can be called citizens’ diplomacy.
This is where groups of people can take it upon themselves to go to areas where
these life forms have been observed, or spacecraft have been seen, and attempt
to establish some degree of communication and contact. This cannot be done
too often or by too many people, so long as it is done in a spirit of cooperation
and peace and open-mindedness. Indeed, it has been our experience in the last
four years of this experiment that the rate-limiting factor in all of this is the
intentions of the members of the research team. The Close Encounters of the
Fifth Kind Initiative is an attempt to put teams of people together to go to the field
and to establish some degree of communication and contact with these life
forms. And in order for that to happen, particularly if it is a relatively low-tech and
unfunded effort, the intentions of the group need to be extremely clear. Is it
likely, for example, that an extraterrestrial civilization which has traveled through
dozens and perhaps hundreds of light years to take the time from whatever
mission they are engaged in to interact with a group of people who are mere
curiosity seekers; or who would like to get a photograph to sell to the National
Enquirer for $500,000; or to capture some of their technology so they could
invent a device and patent it and become fabulously wealthy, like the next Bill
Gates. I think not. And it is quite clear from the experiences that we’ve had, that
these life forms are able to remotely sense what the intentions of each member
of the group is. And I think that these intentions are rather transparent. And
therefore, rather than concerning ourselves so much with why they are here, we
want to take a good look at why WE are here and why we might want to be on a
research team to go out and establish communications with these life forms.
Because ultimately we cannot do too much about the fact that they are here, but
we have total control over our own motives, and our own ethics, and our own
morals. And so let us pay some attention to that.

There are sustainable and non-sustainable reasons for engaging in this kind of
research. Examples of non-sustainable reasons or motives have just been listed.
But they also include militaristic reasons, reasons that are totally related to
selfish, personal interests. Personal and exploitative financial gain, etc. These
are moribund reasons to begin something of this significance. After all, if you
wish to have a good relationship with your next-door neighbor, you view them not
as a source of something to exploit but as a source of friendship, companionship
and shared mutual interests. If we wish to establish friendship and a sustainable,
healthy relationship between human civilization and humanity, and
extraterrestrial civilizations, we need to be very clear on what our goals and
purposes should be. Not that this precludes a certain degree of enlightened self-
interest. Because there should be mutual benefit from any such relationship.
But it should not be unilateral, and it must not be exploitive.

It must be appalling for these extraterrestrial life forms to see the general state of
human morals and motives in this area. Because in the covert world, the
interests have been largely - if not exclusively - centered on the acquisition of
extraterrestrial technology so that there might be unilateral, nationalistic
dominance, both in terms of military superiority and in terms of economic
superiority. These are hardly healthy bases for a relationship. They are
moribund and are by definition dead on arrival.
Within the civilian community, the tabloid approach to the question, the attempt to
engage in personal financial gain and exploitation, the desire to acquire
information and technology for individual or corporate financial gain, a mere
sense of irresponsible curiosity, uncoupled to any greater vision to how important
this early relationship may be: These are all non-sustainable or moribund civilian
motivations. And the ones that we are left with that appear to be sustainable
from any sort of intrinsic strength, perspective, would be ones that are attempting
to simply establish an open channel of communication based on universal
principles of mutual benefit and sustainability between our people and these
other life forms. That should be the first step rather than going in like the gang
busters and saying “yes, let’s establish contact” and then immediately start
coveting their technology, or trying to mine some sort of unilateral gain from the
relationship. It would be much healthier simply to begin to say “hello” and begin
some degree of communication, and some degree of exchange of perspective.
This is a much more sustainable motive for entering into this relationship. But it
does not preclude, as this relationship becomes more open and more reliably
established, of having specific - and I might say spectacular - benefits for the
world of humanity. But even those should be with an eye towards mutual benefit
and particularly towards benefits for the world of humanity that do not redound to
only one nation, or to one class, or to one subculture. Anything that would
accrue in the way of benefit between earth civilization and these other life forms -
any technology, any new knowledge - must be dedicated to the betterment of
humanity in its entirety and not to unilateral, nationalistic or corporate benefit.

It is our assessment that unless these basic principles are followed, these
extraterrestrials will not cooperate. They will not play ball. Nor should they. We
would hope that they would be wise enough to avoid any such communication
and contact with a group or groups which do not have these principles in place.
Because otherwise, the consequences will be that of further destabilization of our
planet, not of enhancing it.

The CSETI project has been an experiment to assemble what we call working
groups - research teams - centered around the premise that these extraterrestrial
spacecraft are present in our atmosphere, and can be interacted with by teams
who use a set of protocols and a set of principles to assist them in their goals.
The project has been a grass roots, largely unfunded effort involving several
hundred people around the world working in various research teams for varying
lengths of time on a volunteer basis. It has been divided into two main efforts.
One are the local working groups which are research teams based in a
geographic area such as Denver, Canada, Mexico or a local region such as Los
Angeles. And then there is a senior research team called the Rapid Mobilization
Investigative Team – RMIT - which is a type of rapid deployment team which,
upon hearing of a significant wave or series of sightings or encounters - will
assemble and go to that location. We have had numerous RMIT expeditions to
England, Belgium, Mexico, and in the United States. Again, these are volunteers
who have put their time and effort, and their funds, into attempting to test a
hypothesis, as it were. And that is that these life forms are here, and if a team of
humans come together with a core of principles mentioned previously, and using
a set of protocols that can facilitate an encounter, that they will take the time to
come over and at least have preliminary contact with the research team.

The basis for this research goes back a number of years in the Dr. Greer’s
personal experiences, as well as a retrospective survey of CE-5s that have
occurred over a period of about 40 or 50 years. It is not well known to most
people, because they had not been called close encounters of the 5th kind when
they were described, that close encounters of the 5th kind have spontaneously
been occurring since certainly the 50s if not before. For example, in 1959 on
June 26th, Father William Merkire Gill at the Bowonai mission in Papua, New
Guinea, with 38 other people, saw over a 3-hour period an object, a flying disc
brilliantly lit, with four humanoids out on a deck-like structure outside the craft.
On the following day, on the 27th of June at 6:02 pm, Father Gill and others
observed a large mother ship with four humanoids on the outside deck and two
other UFOs in the distance. Father Gill this time thought he would go ahead and
try to initiate contact by simply waving at the humanoids. And guess what? They
waved back. And this is a simple but elegant and touching example of the kind
of interaction that can occur. Interestingly, it became more involved when one of
the boys at the mission was sent to go get a flashlight. They begin to signal in
Morse code to the UFO. This elicited a response where the humanoids were
seen waving their arms in a pendulum-like motion in response to the Morse code
signals. And this again by many, many witnesses as well as this priest.

This caused the UFO then to advance towards the group, but it then stopped
after about 30 seconds of moving towards them. After about 2 or 3 more
minutes, the humanoids went below this deck and apparently went back inside
the craft. But the UFO stayed over the mission for at least another hour. Now,
this report was researched by Dr. J. Allen Hynek and others and was found to be
credible, multiple witnessed. The Father, Merkire Gill, was never proven to have
been fabricating any of this. It was a very excellent, multiple witnessed report
under very good lighting conditions because it was not exactly dark when this
occurred, it was late in the afternoon.

This is a good example of what we call a 2nd degree Close Encounter of the 5th
Kind. Second degree meaning that the UFO was already there and someone
took the initiative to interact with it. This is in distinction from a primary - 1st
degree - Close Encounter of the 5th Kind when no UFO is in the area but a
series of techniques are used to try to vector or guide a spacecraft into a
research site. That being a primary event. These, of course, being much more
rare for reasons which should be obvious. The 2nd degree or secondary CE-5s
are well established in the literature. We have collected dozens of these
accounts. They fall into basically three different categories in terms of how they
have been precipitated or what stimulus has caused a response back from the
extraterrestrials. The first, we just mentioned is visual contact with light signaling
or waving or something of this sort. There are many dozens of these sort of
events from all over the world where people have seen one of these objects and
have taken time to signal to them, and they have signaled back, contrary to what
the conventional wisdom would be that they would have no interest and would
not take the time.

In terms of 1st degree Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind mediated by light, we
find that there are multiple accounts where large lasers have been in use which
have caused apparently the UFOs to be attracted to the area from either just
curiosity or as a way of conveying to people that this is something that would get
their attention. It is not known exactly why it worked but it has been found on
more than one occasion to be effective. This has occurred at outdoor rock
concerts, opening of bank buildings, it has occurred during other entertainment
events. We have several of these that have happened, being mediated by very
powerful lights or by lasers.

The interesting thing about this is that light is added to two other modalities that
have found to be effective.      The other modality that has been found to be
effective is the use of tones or sound. The CSETI research team has acquired,
with the assistance of Colin Andrews from crop circle research background, and
Lindy Tucker, a series of tones that have been recorded under extraordinary
circumstances and which are apparently of extraterrestrial origin. The first type
of tones are a beeping tone which have been directly recorded off of spacecraft
while they have been in line sight of people. And these beeping tones, which
have been recorded in Canada, the United States and elsewhere, while these
craft were seen, have been analyzed by Professor Steerman at the University of
Texas-Austin and elsewhere and are found to not be related to any natural or
man-made known sounds. Moreover, the pedigree for a number of these tones
is excellent insofar as they were recorded while one or more people were
observing the spacecraft and emitting this beeping tone. On more than one
occasion, the beeping tone has been noted to be conducted through electrical
circuitry inside of houses and buildings, and these tones have subsequently been
recorded. We have six cases of these beeping tones.

The other type of tone is a sort of trilling sound which was recorded inside a crop
circle. It has actually be heard more than once, and recorded more than once, in
Southern England in the crop circle areas. These have been analyzed as well
and are not thought to be any natural or man-made sound. When they are
reduced in their velocity, in their speed, you can hear a dual beeping quality - a
two-step quality to the sound - which is very unusual. These tones, along with
the ones that have been recorded off the spacecraft, are also used to project into
space using both sound wave and over radio wave signal to serve as a sort of
beacon to the ET craft which may be able to receive them.
The use of lights is something which has both primary and secondary value.
Very high-powered lights, we feel, may attract the ET craft if they are in the
general vicinity. And the beeping tones likewise may serve as beacon, because
we reason that if they pick up a tone that is of their origin being projected from a
ground site on earth, that they will think that perhaps some earth people are
attempting to reach them by using their own tones.

So, the CSETI research protocols involve using three basic modalities, the first
being light, the second being sound, and the third being - remarkably - thought.
This third modality is the source of the greatest amount of confusion on this
entire project and also the greatest source of ridicule and debunking. But as has
been previously mentioned, it also appears to be the most efficacious leg of the
protocol. We have found by looking at a number of cases retrospectively that a
number of people have engaged in Close Encounters of the 5th Kind quite
spontaneously by nothing more than thought. For example, there are cases well
documented in J. Allen Hynek’s book “Night Siege” where individuals who are
seeing a large delta or triangular shaped craft will simply think the thought that
they wish it could come over so they could see it better. And immediately the
object will stop, spin on its axis 360º and then come directly over to the people
who have had this thought. This is without any verbal expression or signaling or
anything of the sort. It is quite obvious from these sorts of cases - as has been
previously mentioned - that these extraterrestrial life forms have a technological
interface with what we call thought - whatever that is - that is very, very accurate.
Now, this may sound magical again to humans. But we have to keep in mind the
technology that is several hundred thousand years in advance from ours will, in
some instances, look magical - if not in most instances. The use, therefore, of
coherent thought in an environment of non-linear consciousness is an important
part of the CSETI research protocol, although it is not an exclusive one.

The technique itself is called Coherent Thought Sequencing, which we
abbreviate CTS. The Coherent Thought Sequencing is a specific technique
which was essentially discovered in 1973 and which have been proven to be very
useful. Keep in mind that the first premise of the research teams and the
foundation for their success is to be doing this as a group of people with a clear
purpose and clear principles motivating why they are engaging the research to
establish peaceful relations with extraterrestrial civilizations. Then the protocols
themselves are used with the understanding that their success is greatly related
to the integrity of that team, the purpose of the team, the ethics and the morals
guiding the team members. In this entire scenario then, we look at the whole
project being a holistic one where not just any given or single protocol is
effective, nor just the protocols in their totality, but that the totality of the people’s
consciousness, their motivations, their purpose in being there, together with the
protocols, seem to be the ingredients that result in success. Here again we
return to the theme that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. In this
regard, the whole being the total picture of why the team is there and the type of
protocols that are being used.
We’d like to emphasize here that these are experimental protocols. They have
actually gone under a number of levels of revision and evolution and innovation
over the last 3 or 4 years. They are very simple in their basis premise. And that
is, if a team of researchers are out in an area where it is likely that UFO activity
will be observed, that by using lights, tones that are of extraterrestrial origin, as
well as the Coherent Thought Sequencing, that they will increase the likelihood of
being able to guide a spacecraft into a site and to precipitate a landing event, and
eventually an on-board encounter.

We’d like to emphasize that the goal of this project is not simply to sight a UFO or
to film one, or to photograph one. The goal is to convey to these visitors first a
sense of welcome and a sense of communication that is clear that we would like
to enter into some type of relationship, some type of contact with them in a direct
way. And that we would encourage them to take the time and to respond. The
project is geared very heavily in the direction of leading up to a landing and a
boarding event where a core of researchers will go on board one of these
spacecraft and have a direct meeting with these visitors and possibly will leave
the planet for a period of time on a research mission with their people.

To this end, there is an extensive amount of training and discussion that goes
into what kinds of things might be expected, and the types of questions that we
should initially be engaged in. Naturally, this is an experiment. It is a dynamic
process that we recognize is dealing with more unknowns than knowns. And for
that reason, we have a very flexible attitude towards what might need to be done
and what kinds of adjustments and changes would have to take place.

It’s a fact that any such effort of this sort is so pioneering that it will be evolving
even as the event takes place. You cannot go to the Harvard library or the New
York public library and pick up a book off the shelf on establishing interplanetary
relations and protocols for establishing extraterrestrial contact. It’s critically
important in looking at this that we understand that one of the premises of the
project is that we do not want to assume too much about how the communication
or how the encounter might take place. People may fantasize that it will be
something like out of a Stephen Spielberg movie. But then again it may not be.
It may be something very different using technologies and principles or even laws
of the universe not yet fully understood by earth civilization in the late 20th
century.

The concept of communicating with these life forms is one which is complex and
which requires a very broad view on what the potential types of communication
would be. And it runs the gamut from simple signaling to the object to a full on-
board meeting, to inter-mediate stages where an extraterrestrial spacecraft may
be hovering nearby while a team of people on the ground are having a remote
sensing or remote viewing of the occupants and having a conversation or an
exchange of information. The CSETI team actually has succeeded in the latter
type of very close encounter resulting in an exchange of information and views.

The prejudices that we tend to have about how communication happens, that it
will be through a microwave or radio wave or TV, or through voice, conversation -
needs to be tempered by the fact that these extraterrestrial civilizations appear to
have technologies that interface with consciousness or mind and thought. It may
be more likely that they will interface in that fashion rather than through
microwave signals or a telephone call or radio wave. For this reason, the CSETI
research teams, given the fact that there is abundant empirical evidence that
these life forms are interfacing with mind and thought, use this extensively and
are prepared to use it extensively in any communication that may occur, even
while the object is in close proximity. It is even more important to utilize these
principles when the object is at some remote distance in deep space and has
been detected by the team. But even when it is a close proximity and perhaps
even a personal encounter, the likelihood is that the communications could take
place in ways that are frankly unconventional to our way of thinking of
communication.

It should be recognized that civilizations which have traveled through interstellar
space and which therefore are communicating back to their home planets
through interstellar distances will not be using the electromagnetic spectrum. It is
too slow. No one can afford to take 200 years to communicate back to your
home base. And for this reason, it is almost a requirement of star-faring
civilizations that they evolve trans-luminal technologies -- technologies which
bypass or go beyond the barrier of the speed of light. The most effective and
power technology in that regard is consciousness or mind. Because thought is
not bound by the speed of light. In fact, a bit of information can be received
before it is sent simply because mind on its non-local or non-linear basis, is
escaping not only the constraints of space but also the barrier of time! For this
reason, even though it is admittedly controversial and perhaps on the cutting
edge of what is considered acceptable research protocol, the CSETI research
teams are utilizing in an active way non-linear technologies using mind and
thought and the expanded spectrum of consciousness known as non-local mind
or universal mind. These are being used both in advance of a research
expedition and during a research expedition in various ways.

A discussion of the Coherent Thought Sequencing cannot occur without having a
firm grasp of the nature of the non-local or non-linear universe. It appears that
these extraterrestrial spacecraft have ongoing technological systems able to
receive communication input from thought alone. The examples cited previously
of individuals seeing these craft and thinking to them and them responding
precisely is one example of this. But the CSETI research project has amassed
many other events that establish that this is functioning in a very precise fashion.
With this in mind, we have put together the concept of a team Coherent Thought
Sequencing wherein the entire team experiences the silent state of mind which
has been called non-linear or non-local, and while in that state begin to engage in
a series of coherent, sequenced projections to guide a spacecraft from space or
from some distant point into the research site.

The efficacy of this technique is wholly dependent on the ability of the members
of the research team to access this universal translator, if you will, or this non-
linear aspect of mind or consciousness. Failure to be able to access that
essentially reduces the yield or efficacy of this technique to almost zero,
particularly if the goal is primary vectoring or primary CE-5 research.
Parenthetically, if the team is near an area where these craft are actively
maneuvering, then the requirement of non-local mind access is less serious
because if the individual is able to project a thought directly to where the craft is,
it is likely that they will be able to pick it up and respond if they are inclined to.
Not that they are always inclined to, but if they are inclined to. But in primary
vectoring, as we call it, the group’s ability and individual’s’ ability to access non-
local mind is very, very important. For this purpose, the team members are
encouraged to undergo extensive training in meditation and meditative
techniques that permit them to access this state of consciousness.

Once that state of consciousness is established after a number of minutes of
silence, the team then engages quietly in the Coherent Thought Sequencing
itself. The Coherent Thought Sequencing actually begins once that state of non-
linear mind is accessed. The Coherent Thought Sequencing then enables the
individual, through the facility of non-local mind, to remote view distant areas in
deep space. And in the event they are able to see an extraterrestrial spacecraft
or life form, to then convey directly to that spacecraft and to the occupants the
location of the team as follows: The individuals show visually through non-local
mind - this is not a visualization but an actual remote view showing - the galaxy
known as the Milky Way, then the solar system where our sun and planets are
located. They then zoom in on the planet earth and then to the continent where
the research team is located, then the region of the continent and then the
precise area. This is most effective if it is not done through just visualization but
through actually remotely viewing it. In other words, the individual while silently
in a state of non-local mind is actively viewing deep space and these spacecraft,
and are then showing these spacecraft and their occupants exactly where on the
planet they are located to within a few meters of where the team is.

This is done repeatedly over a number of hours, at times, while other members of
the team may be using high-powered lights and projecting these tones into space
both in an auditory way and over radio signals. It is admittedly an unusual
approach but it has worked. We suggest to people to look at this with an open
mind and consider the fact that if these life forms utilize thought as easily as we
utilize microwaves or radio waves, and it appears that this is the case, that this
type of approach would be very effective.
The Coherent Thought Sequencing along with the use of high-powered lights and
tones have increased the yield of the RMIT expeditions to nearly 100%. In fact,
100%. The RMIT has never been deployed anywhere where there has not been
a significant Close Encounter of the 5th Kind. This is a remarkable achievement
and way outside the probability of it being chance encounters because the team
is in an area where UFOs are being seen. On many of these, it has involved
very close range near landing events, including repeated signaling to the craft in
a coherent way where the team will send a signal to the craft and then the craft
will respond precisely in the same sequence. At that point we have what we call
a lock-on, where both in consciousness and through light we see them and they
see us. Once this has occurred, we know that we are having a Close Encounter
of the 5th Kind.

During some of these events, members of the team who are especially well-
trained at remote viewing and remote telemetry into the spacecraft have been
able to have direct and precise conversations with the commander or pilot or
leader of the team on board that craft. This happened very distinctly in the Close
Encounter of the 5th Kind in 1993 in Mexico near the volcanic zone where three
members of the team were able to have a prolonged conversation through
remote viewing with the occupants. (See report included in this training kit.)

The basis for much of this success seems to be that the fact that, first of all, the
team is willing to put itself into a face-to-face encounter with the unknown,
without fear and with the principles mentioned above in place. And secondly, to
be able to have an open mind about how these communications might take place
and to utilize non-linear technologies which, while being the focus of many jokes
back on earth, appear to be taken very seriously by advanced extraterrestrial life
forms that are traveling interstellar distances.

During the actual Coherent Thought Sequencing, frequently members of the
team will have a direct remote view or override as it is called, of a spacecraft or
an occupant. These can be very strong and very precise. It is not unusual for
multiple members of the team to simultaneously at the same moment have a
remote view or override vision of the exact same spacecraft and the exact same
occupants of the craft. This has happened on numerous occasions. When this
occurs, it appears there is a high degree of likelihood of a subsequent significant
Close Encounter of the 5th Kind within the area of the team’s activity.

It would be also important to admit that prior or in between research expeditions,
members of the team have experiences which are non-traditional which include
pre-cognitive dreams and other remote ways of sensing information that lead the
team into an area where a close encounter occurs. This is not overemphasize
this particular way of obtaining information but simply to say that it is one form of
obtaining information. We often get information on active areas from the media
or other people. But it is also true that members of the team have repeatedly had
non-linear experiences involving consciousness prior to a high-level Close
Encounter of the 5th Kind. For this reason, we take this type of information-
gathering tool very seriously because it appears to have a very high degree of
reliability. Once again, it can only be considered presumptive until it is
objectively verified by a whole team of people. None of these forms of gathering
information are considered to be completely 100%. But certainly if multiple
members of a team receive information about a close encounter in an area
through a remote sense or through a precognitive team, the CSETI RMIT takes
this very seriously and will frequently act on it, so long as the source is
considered reliable and stable.

THE TEAM FACTOR

Getting beyond the initial phase of a close encounter, such as a fly-over or hover
with signaling, requires that the team be extremely well functioning. Whether
people can function together well is a very important function in how successful
this endeavor can be. The totality and functioning of the team is what is very
important. This team approach to both problem-solving and research is relatively
foreign to most people’s experience but is critically important to the success of
CSETI research efforts. There is a direct correlation to the degree of integration,
function, unity, communication within the team and the degree to which the Close
Encounter of the 5th Kind will take place. Teams that seem to have a low to
moderate degree of team coherence and function usually either have very little or
no success at this. It appears that these extraterrestrial life forms through their
technological ability to remote view and remote sense individuals and groups of
individuals are unwilling to interact too intimately with a group of people who do
not have their stuff together. This makes sense because the risk to their own
person and mission of interacting with a group of humans who are discordant,
poorly organized, chaotic and perhaps to some degree out of control is too great
for them to risk. It will cause them to be reluctant to move forward in any sort of
dramatic way.

The function of the CSETI research teams, then, is based on a concept of high
degree of coherence and interchangeability of roles. The most essential aspect
is the ability of the team to function as a unit in a coherent and consultative
fashion, well organized and without the usual chaos that groups of people
frequently emanate. This effort, of course, is assisted by the entire group initially
on the research site engaging in Coherent Thought Sequencing, and prior to that,
the experience of non-locality of mind. There is sort of a wave propagation effect
that takes place when multiple people engage in that type of activity together.
The whole really is greater than the sum of the parts. There is a team
consciousness that evolves.

What’s interesting about this is that various reports regarding these
extraterrestrial life forms indicate that they are frequently are in group
consciousness function, and function very well in teams and in groups. Not to
say they don’t have individuality; they certainly do. But it appears they are highly
functional in their team process and in the sense of a group mind. The fact that
research teams such as what CSETI is envisioning would also have the ability to
function well in a group mind seems to resonate with them and result in a higher
likelihood that they will want to interact with a team of research/diplomats.

From a functional point of view, notwithstanding the value that the
extraterrestrials may find in all of this, it is critically important that the team be
able to work well together under potentially stressful and even bizarre
circumstances. What we are really asking people to do is to go out to remote
areas, frequently in the middle of the night, and frequency under adverse
environmental conditions, in areas where there have been frequent close
encounters with non-human extraterrestrial life forms and spacecraft, and to
deliberately engage in protocols to vector or guide these spacecraft into a close
encounter with the team. Now, this is asking a great deal of volunteer humans
who are, quite frankly, doing this on a basis of experimentation and delving into
the unknown. The greatest safety for the team therefore is that they are able to
connect to this degree of reliance on each other and team function, but beyond
that and perhaps more fundamental to it, that they are able to tap into this non-
linear aspect of mind, this transcendent aspect of self, which is very calm, very
stable, very clear and which and has been said before by Krishna on the
battlefield with Arjuna, is beyond fear. To the extent that one can access that
state, to that extent one will be able to function clearly with what has been called
flow consciousness under extraordinarily difficult situations or under conditions
that are unusual and unknown. Please see the report on the England RMIT
report from July 1992 for an example of this concept.

To some extent, this is an open-ended experiment where anything could happen.
For that reason, we ask people to think seriously about how comfortable they are
with the unknown and to what extent they have fear operating in their lives. It is
normal for people to be excited to such an encounter and to an extent some
degree of anxiety. But it is very deleterious to the success of the team if the
individual members, even one member of the team, becomes overwhelmed with
fear or anxiety. It appears that when that occurs, the close encounter ends.
Therefore, the success of the mission is put at risk. This is why we encourage
people being trained in this to have extensive experience in meditation and in
stress management and to get help if they feel they have areas of anxiety or
concern which they need to work through. Any human being human is going to
feel a certain amount of excitement and anxiety. One of the things that helps
with that is the fact that we are doing this as a team. There is a sense of security
in numbers and a sense of comfort that is created by several people doing this.
This is why we do not recommend that one or even two people do this. It’s best
if it be 3 to 5 and perhaps up to 8 people on a team doing this type of research.

CSETI has a series of protocols which deal with two basic functions. One is the
actual internal functioning of the team, the lights, tones and thought which we call
the Contact Trilogy. There are others involving the internal functioning of the
team that have to do with various positions that team members have. The
CSETI research diplomatic team has therefore a coordinator of the team which is
a position of leadership to help coordinate the functions of the entire team. There
are also boarding party members that are rank-ordered, numbered according to
their level of skill and comfort being put into a situation where they may be asked
to go on board one of these spacecraft. The reason these are numbered is so
that in the event that a landing occurs, and assuming that the extraterrestrials
don’t have their own preferences as to who should go on, that there not be any
sort of confusion or debate at the time of landing as to who should be actually
going on board in what order. Communications are ordered in the same fashion.
There are primary, secondary, tertiary and quaternary communicators who are
not to communicate simultaneously. If the primary communicator fails at the task
in communicating with the extraterrestrials then the secondary would then begin,
and then the third, and then the fourth. The idea here being that you want back-
up systems but you also don’t want a Tower of Babel occurring on site with
multiple people trying to communicate various things to the same life form.
There is a sense of order and structure to this effort.

There are also people who are trained in documentation of the event. Each
member of the team is asked to have a microcassette recorder so that the entire
event from the time it starts until the time it’s over is dictated into a microcassette
recorder in as close to real time as possible. The team also has people who are
asked to document in the way of photographs and videotape and other means. If
the team is large enough, we also ask that the team have a site security person
to be sure the site is secure and above all things, to be sure there are no
incursions into the site that could jeopardize the team or risk their safety from
other civilians or military. We also have people who are in charge of equipment
and other logistical efforts.

The other internal safety feature is the buddy system. Members of the team pair
off into partners of 2 or sometimes 3 people to a group so that if one member of
the team becomes either upset, anxious or can no longer function, their buddy
will then accompany them to an area that is considered safe and out of the area
of the team’s operation. The idea here is that it’s important for people to have
someone they can connect with if they are uncomfortable with what is occurring.
The other reason is for basic safety. Since we are frequently operating in dark,
remote regions, we have found that unless there’s a buddy system, somebody
will tend to wander off for a while and the team won’t know where they are. Of
course, there is risk of falling and getting injured so we ask that people use the
buddy system so they check out with somebody when they leave so the team
need not worry about where they are and if they are okay. These are practical
considerations and there are a number of them as to how the team is structured.

In addition, there are protocols that are not internal ones but deal with what to do
with the extraterrestrial situation when it evolves into a landing or very close
encounter. From the time of a clear lock-on with signaling of a spacecraft, from
that point on the team is asked to take a posture of possible imminent close
encounter, up to and including an on-board event of the entire team. Their
technology certainly would allow them, if desired, to suddenly have the team be
put on board the craft or for the team to be in a landing situation within a matter
of 1-2 seconds. For that reason, once there is an object in the area, the team is
in a preparatory phase for that level of event.

It should be remembered that the entire time the encounter is occurring, the
members of the team are asked to be able to be in touch with this non-local
aspect of mind and to be remote viewing not only the craft but the occupants of
the craft and to be communicating. Even if there is not a landing situation, there
will frequently be members of the team remote viewing the occupants and
communicating on that basis. This often happens even before a physical
spacecraft is seen. This has happened on multiple occasions. Once there is a
possibility of an on-board encounter, or remote communication begins, there are
a set of protocols written out in this kit that go through what should be essentially
conveyed. What’s important is not so much the protocol itself. But the protocol
is interesting because it indicates what types of questions and comments should
be made. What we do not want to have happen is someone going on board and
being completely at a loss as to what to say or do, or launching off into some
personal agenda. The basic principle behind these protocols is that the
interaction should be respectful and as non-invasive as possible. The questions,
if any, are open-ended and very gentle in their nature. Out of a sense of
diplomatic protocol the first question the team should ask is “do you have any
questions of us?” They are guests of this planet, our home planet of origin, and
we feel it is proper decorum to convey to these life forms our willingness to be of
service to them and to answer questions which they may have. This changes the
dynamic of the relationship from one where they may be concerned that we are
there to try to exploit or get information out of them or hit them with the famous
64 question routine. Instead, it turns it into something where it becomes quite
clear that we are there for the purpose of saying hello, and establishing a
relationship, and availing ourselves to them should they have any questions
about us, about our people, or this planet. We feel this is a very important
dynamic to establish. It says a great deal about the team and why we are there.
It establishes that to these extraterrestrial visitors.

In the event it becomes clear they are willing to have us ask them questions, our
suggested questions are deliberately designed to be open-ended. Such as,
“what can you tell us about your people and your mission here?” Instead of what
planet are you from and what are you doing in this area tonight? Those sort of
very pointed and close-ended questions tend not only get less information but
can appear to be pointed, intrusive, invasive and rude. For that reason, we
recommend that the exchange be on a more open-ended basis initially. Later on
in the encounter, it may be that more specific exchanges would be possible.
Understand, of course, that these protocols may be thrown out the proverbial
porthole window. The entire encounter may take place on a non-conventional,
perhaps non-linear basis where the team with the occupants may simply be
together, sitting quietly and doing nothing - to use a good Zen phrase. We
recognize that the nature of these encounters will first of all vary from team to
team and situation to situation. They are subject to revision at a nanosecond’s
notice. However, with that said, it’s important to again acknowledge the value of
having a set of protocols that can be fallen back on. If those are non-existent,
you are going to be asking for chaos and for a completely disorganized
encounter. In such a case, we seriously doubt that these life forms would want to
have anything to do with group. The fact they will know we have protocols in
place, that we have internal self-discipline in place, that we have a plan in place,
I’m certain gives these life forms a degree of confidence that a) we know what
we’re doing; b) that we are serious, and c) that we are not going to be dangerous
to them or to ourselves by getting out of control. So this is extremely important.
And the stranger the encounter is the more important it is that you have that kind
of training, both in terms of your internal self-discipline by accessing non-local
mind and by the entire group having a sense of purpose and a sense of protocol
to follow.

Above all things, the guiding principle is that of conveying to these visitors that
we desire to engage in an open and mutually beneficial relationship with them.
We wish to convey to them that they are welcome here and that we are willing to
cooperate with them in establishing this dialogue. We want to convey to them
that we recognize our essential oneness as intelligent life forms. That on the
basis of non-local mind or on consciousness that we are really one people
inhabiting the same universe and to convey to them in a very clear way that we
acknowledge that. Above all things, it is important to establish the quality of the
relationship that is desired at the very beginning and in very clear terms.
Whether it is through a remote view or through an actual face-to-face encounter
with a life form, the principle is to convey to them our essential oneness, the fact
that they are welcome, and that we desire to establish an open, mutually
beneficial and peaceful relationship with their people.

From presentation in
Denver, Colorado
8 April 1995
