{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:53:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1125788, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18580-usaps-and-black-budget-jane-s-international-defense-review-january-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "752877851c5e041f66baa3f445c4ecfe7d60afdbfecd6e8f0ecfa32d7b22a92d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 341, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jane's
INTERNATIONAL
DEFENSE REVIEW
VOLUME NUMBER 33
JANUARY 2000
Date: Te
statio
-thy
FY2000/2
Appropriatin 23080F0
698
None
DARP, MRIGS
Selected activities
Special Update p
As Stace
i Manag
Valificat
fions
ransportatio
142.5%
7.9
1.2
5,887.6
5485.6
Untangling a secret
büdget puzzle
TRAIN
NG THE GENERALS
BEYOND HORIZON
BOMB POWER BOOSTED

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 690, "chars": 4435, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In search of the Pentagon's
billion dollar hidden budgets
How the US keeps its R&D spending under wraps
BY BILL SWEETMAN
OV
in
ni
ac
24
O
n 8 January last year, around 6.45pm, resi-
dents of Delaware in the US were startled by
a sonic boom, strong enough to shake walls,
rattle windows and cause the citizens to call their
local police offices, demanding explanations. This
particular speeder, however, could not only outrun
any highway-patrol cruiser in Delaware, but was
beyond the reach of anyone else in the state. Even the
US Air Force, with its surveillance radars at Dover
Air Force Base, was unable to identify the miscreant.
The incident was not isolated. A rudimentary data
search turns up a stream of such incidents since the
early 1990s, from Florida to Nebraska, Colorado and
California, with a similar pattern: a loud and inex-
plicable boom. The phantom boomers appear to
avoid densely populated areas, and the stories usually
go no further than the local paper. Only a few local
papers have a searchable website, so it is highly prob-
In the late 1980s, this large hangar - with an uninterrupted opening
around 60m wide and over 20m high - was constructed at Area 51,
the USAF's secret flight test center at Groom Lake, Nevada. The
project that it was built to house remains secret. (photo: Jane's)
able that only a minority of boom events are reported
outside the affected area.
unclassified items from the category total.
The first conclusion from this data is that super-
In Financial Year 2001 (FY01), the USAF plans to
sonic aircraft are operating over US. Secondly, we
i spend US$4.96 billion on classified research and
may conclude that the USAF and other services
development programs. Because white-world R&D is
either cannot identify them, or that they are mislead-
, being cut back, this figure is planned to reach a
ing the public because the operations are secret.
record 39% of total USAF R&D. It is larger than the
The latter case is supported by the existence of a
entire army R&D budget and two-thirds the size of
massive secret
structure, which can truly be
¿ the entire navy R&D budget. The USAF's US$7.4
described as a 'shadow military', and which exists in
, billion budget for classified procurement is more than
parallel with the programs that the Department of a third of the service's total budget.
Defense (DoD) discloses in public. It is protected by
a security system of great complexity. Since 1995,
two high-level commissions have reported on this sys-
Rise and rise of SAPs
tem, and have concluded that it is too complex; that
it is immensely expensive, although its exact costs Formally, black projects within the DoD are known
defy measurement; that it includes systematic efforts | as unacknowledged Special Access Programs (SAPs).
to confuse and disinform the public; and that in some
The Secretary or Deputy Secretary of Defense must
cases it favors security over military utility. The approve any DoD-related SAP at the top level of the
defense department, however, firmly resists any defense department. All SAPs are projects that the
attempt to reform this system.
DoD leadership has decided cannot be adequately
As the Clinton administration begins its last year in
protected by normal classification measures. SAPs
office, it continues to spend an unprecedented pro- implement a positive system of security control in
portion of the Pentagon budget on 'black' programs | which only selected individuals have access to critical
- that is, projects that are so highly classified they
¡ information. The criteria for access to an SAP vary,
cannot be identified in public. The total sums and the program manager has ultimate responsibility
involved are relatively easy to calculate. In the unclas- for the access rules, but the limits are generally much
sified version of the Pentagon's budget books, some
: tighter than those imposed by normal need-to-know
budget lines are identified only by codenames. Other: standards.
classified programs are covered by vague collective I
For example, an SAP manager may insist on lie-
descriptions, and the dollar numbers for those line
: detector testing for anvone who has access to the
items are deleted. However, it is possible to estimate
the toral value of those items by subtracting the program. Another key difference between SAPs and
normal programs concerns management and
wwww.janes.com • JANES INTERNATIONAL. DEFENSE REVIEW 1/30X)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3479, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S
pted opening
1 at Area 51,
ada. The
1: Jane's)
F plans to
arch and
Id R&D is
o reach a
ir than the
the size of
's US$7.4
more than
are known
ns (SAPs).
ense must
evel of the
is that the
Idequately
ires. SAPs
control in
i to critical
SAP vary,
ponsibility
rally much
d-to-know
sist on lie-
jess to the
SAPs and
ment and
REVIEW 1/2000
oversight. SAPs report to the services, and ultimately a program which is considered so sensitive that the
to the DoD and Congress, by special channels which
fact of its existence is a 'core secret', defined in
involve a minimum number of individuals and orga-
USAF regulations as "any item, progress, strategy or
nizations. In particular, the number of people with
element of information, the compromise of which
access to multiple SAPs is rigorously limited.
would result in unrecoverable failure". In other
In 1997, according to the report of a Senate com-
words, revealing the existence of a black program
mission (the Senate Commission on Protecting and
would undermine its military value.
Reducing Government Secrecy), there were around
The Joint Security Commission which was con-
150 DoD-approved SAPs. These included SAPs initi-
vened by then-deputy Secretary of Defense Bill Perry
ated by the department and its branches and those
in 1993, and which reported in 1995, concluded that
initiated by other agencies (for example, the Central
| SAPs had been used extensively in the 1980s "as con-
Intelligence Agency [CIA] or the Department of fidence in the traditional classification system
The threat of armed
Energy) in which the DoD was involved. SAPs are
declined". By the time the report was published, how-
force is used routinely
divided into three basic types: acquisition (AQ-SAP), Lever, the DoD had taken steps to rationalize the
to protect classified
operations and support (OS-SAP) and intelligence
process by which SAPs were created and overseen.
programs. Area 51 is
(IN-SAP). Within each group are two major classes
Until 1994, each service had its own SAP office or
defended by a force of
- acknowledged and unacknowledged.
directorate, which had primary responsibility for its
armed security
Some of the acknowledged SAPs - most of them
¿ programs. The Perry reforms downgraded these
personnel who work
- started as unacknowledged programs. This is the offices and assigned management of the SAPs to a for a civilian
case with the F-117 and B-2, and (on the operations
new organization at defense department level. This is
contractor and by
side) with army's 160th Special Operations Air Regi-
i based on three directors of special programs, each of
helicopter patrols, and
ment (SOAR). The existence of these programs is no
whom is responsible for one of the three groups of
the eastern border of
longer a secret, but technical and operational details
SAPs — acquisition, operations and intelligence. They
the site is ringed with
are subject to strict, program-specific access rules.
report to the respective under-secretaries of defense
electronic sensors.
An unacknowledged SAP — a black program — is : (acquisition and technology, policy and C'ISR).
(photo:Bill Sweetman)
WARNING
Restricted Area
tis un awu o enter this area without
permission of the Installation Commander
Sec: internal internal Security Act of U S.0797
While on this Installation all personnel and
the property under their control are subject
to search.
Use of deadly force authorized.
JANES INTERNATIONAL DEFENSE REVIEW 1/200 • www.janes.com
25

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3608, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
US BLACK BUDGETS
The near-US$5 billion in black programs in the i co-ordinates the reporting of SAPs to Congress.
USAF research and development budget are in
Whether SAPs are acknowledged or not, they
the acquisition category. They are overseen within the
normally report to four Congressional committees —
DoD by Maj Gen Marshal H Ward, who is director
the House National Security Committee, the Senate
of special programs in the office of Dr Jacques Armed
Services Committee, and the defense
Gansier, under-secretary of defense for acquisition,
subcommittees of the House and Senate Appropria-
technology and logistics. Gen Ward heads an SAP: tions committees. Committee members and staffs
Coordination Office and, along
are briefed in closed, classified
with his counterparts
in the
sessions.
policy and C'ISR offices, is part
of an SAP Oversight Committee
*The government may
However, there are several
serious limitations to Congres-
(SAPOC), chaired by the Deputy
Secretary of Defense, John
Hamre, with Dr Gansler as vice-
pay several times
sional reporting of SAPs. One of
these is time. In the first quarter
of 1999, the defense subcommit-
chair. The SAPOC is responsible
over for the same
tee of the House Appropriations
for approving new SAPs and
committee scheduled half a day
changing their status; receiving
reports
on
their status; and,
technology or
of hearings to review 150 very
diverse SAPs. Another issue,
among other things, making sure
that SAPs do not overlap with
application developed
related to time and security, is
that the reporting requirements
each other. This was a major
criticism in the 1995 report:
under different
for SAPs are rudimentary and
could technically be satisfied in a
"If an acquisition SAP is unac-.
knowledged," the commissioners
remarked, "others working in the
special programs'
couple of pages.
A more substantial limitation
on oversight is that some unac-
same technology area may be unaware that another! knowledged SAPs are not reported to the full com-
agency is developing a program. The government
mittees. At the Secretary of Defense's discretion, the
may pay several times over for the same technology
or application developed under different special
reporting requirements may be waived. In this case,
only eight individuals — the chair and ranking
programs."
minority member of each of the four defense com-
This problem was particularly prevalent in the case
mittees — are notified of the decision. According to
of stealth technology: in the lawsuit over the A-12
i the 1997 Senate Commission, this notification may
Avenger II program, McDonnell Douglas and Gen-t be only oral. These "waived SAPs" are the blackest of
eral Dynamics charged that technology developed in black programs.
other stealth programs would have solved some of the
How many of the SAPs are unacknowledged, and
problems that led to the project's cancellation, but
how many are waived, is a question which only a few
that the government did not supply it to the A-12 !
people can answer: eight members of Congress, the
program. Today, Gen Ward is the DoD-wide overseer
members of SAPOC (including the Deputy Secretary
for all stealth technology programs. The SAPOC! of Defense), and the Secretary of Defense.
Page 27 Northrop's
Tacit Blue, an
experimental low-
observable aircraft
designed to carry a
Hughes battlefield-
surveillance radar, was
tested at Area 51 in
1982-85 and unveiled
in 1996. Although the
program originated
under the Ford
Administration, it is
the most recent
classified manned-
aircraft program to
have been disclosed.
(photo: Bill Sweetman)
0040837
26

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 697, "chars": 4619, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boeing X-36
unmanned prototype
started as a Special
Access Program and
was partly declassified
in 1996 so that
McDonnell Douglas
could use its
technology in its
Joint Strike Fighter
proposal. Some
aspects of its design -
including its use of
stealth technology and
its thrust-vectoring
exhaust - remain
classified.
(photo: Boeing)
28
A final question is whether SAP reporting rules are : flight-test programs. Some classified programs are
followed all the time. Last summer, the House: carried out at Edwards' North Base, but the most
Defense Appropriations Committee complained that secure and sensitive programs are the responsibility
"the air force acquisition community continues to of an AFFTC detachment based at the secret flight-
ignore and violate a wide range of appropriations: test base on the edge of the dry Groom Lake,
practices and acquisition rules". One of the
Nevada, and known as Area 51. The USAF
alleged infractions was the launch of an
still refuses to identify the Area 51 base,
SAP without Congressional notification. In
referring to it only as an 'operating location
their day-to-day operations, SAPs enjoy a
near Groom Lake'. It is protected from any
special status. An SAP manager has wide
further disclosure by an annually renewed
latitude in granting or refusing access, and
because their principal reporting channel is
Area 51's linkage to Edwards is a form of
to the appropriate DoD-level director of
'cover' — actions and statements which are
special programs. Each service maintains
an SAP Central Office within the office of
intended to conceal the existence of a black
program by creating a false impression in
the service secretary, but its role is adminis-
Shoulder patch from
public. The 1995 Commission report con-
trative — its primary task is to support
the 4477th Test and
cluded that cover was being over-used.
SAP requests by individual program offices
Evaluation Squadron
While conceding that cover might be
- and its director is not a senior officer.
(TES), the covert USAF
required for "potentially life-threatening;
Within the USAF, there are signs that
unit which has tested
high-risk, covert operations", the report
SAPs form a 'shadow department' along-
numerous Soviet
stated baldly that "these techniques also
side the white-world programs. So far, no
aircraft at Area 51.
have increasingly been used for major
USAF special program director has gone
(photo: Jane's)
acquisition and technology-based contracts
on to command USAF Materiel Command
to conceal the fact of the existence of a
(AFMC), AFMC's Aeronautical Systems Center | facility or activity". The report added that "one mili-
(ASC), or their predecessor organizations. These
tary service routinely uses cover mechanisms for its
positions have been dominated by white-world logis-
acquisition [SAPs], without regard to individual
tics experts. On the other hand, several of the vice-
threat or need".
commanders in these organizations in the 1990s have
Cover mechanisms used by the DoD have included
previously held SAP oversight assignments, pointing
the original identification of the U-2 spyplane as a
to an informal convention under which the vice-com-
weather-research aircraft and the concealment of the
mander, out of the public eye, deals with highly sensi-
ClA's Lockheed A-12 spyplane behind its acknowl-
tive programs. The separation of white and black
edged cousins, the YF-12 and SR-71. Another exam-
programs is further emphasized by arrangements
ple of cover is the way in which people who work at
known as 'carve-outs', which remove classified pro-
Area 51 are nominally assigned to government or
grams from oversight by defense-wide security and
contractor organizations in the Las Vegas area, and
contract-oversight organizations.
commute to the base in unmarked aircraft.
After the first wave of 'skyquake' incidents hit
Cover mechanisms
Southern California in 1991-92, and preliminary
results from US Geological Service seismologists
A similar parallel organization can be seen in the
suggested that they were caused by overflights of
organization of the USAF's flight-test activities. The high-speed aircraft, the USAF's Lincoln Laboratory
USAF Flight Test Center (AFFTC) has a main loca-
analyzed the signatures from one boom event
tion at Edwards AFB, which supports most USAF! and concluded that it was caused by navy fighter
www.janes.comE JANES INTERNATIONAL. DEFENSE REVIFW 1/20
oper:
maki
is ge
extel
weig
may,
X-31
whic
term
NAS
base.
ambi
Cr
prog
a cre
such
gen
and
mate
conc
class
Van
Inter
inhe
that
data.
thori
tion,
of a
a co
mou
not
respr
spre:
Al
blac
exan
naut
A

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 987, "chars": 6519, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
grams are
the most
ponsibility
tet flight-
›m Lake,
he USAF
151 base,
ig location
I from any
y renewed
i a form of
which are
of a black
›ression in
eport con-
iver-used.
might be
reatening,
the report
iques also
for major
i contracts
tence of a
"one mili-
sms for its
individual
re included
plane as a
nent of the
s acknowl-
ther exam-
ho work at
inment or
; area, and
cidents hit
reliminary
smologists
erflights of
Laboratory
rom event
avy fighter
¡E REVIEW 1/2000
operations offshore. The confirmed DoD use of cover nickname may be used on badges and secured rooms
makes it impossible to tell whether the USAF report to control access to information and
physical
is genuine or a cover story. The fact that cover is
facilities.
extensively used to protect black programs adds
A DoD SAP may also have a one-word classified
weight to the theory that some white-world projects
codename. In this case, full access to the project is
may, in fact, be intended as cover. One example is the
controlled by the classified codename. The two-word
X-30 National Aerospaceplane (NASP) project,
nickname, in this case, simply indicates that a pro-
which was launched in 1986, cut back in 1992 and
gram exists, for budgetary, logistics or contractual
terminated in 1994. In retrospect, the stated goal of
purposes. The purpose, mission and technology of
NASP — to develop a single-stage-to-orbit vehicle
: the project are known only to those who have been
based on air-breathing scramjet technology - seems
¡ briefed at the codename level. Therefore, for exam-
ple, Senior Citizen and Aurora could be one and the
Considered as a cover for a black-world hypersonic
same.
program, however, NASP was ideal. NASP provided
Both the 1995 and 1997 panels recommended sub-
a credible reason for developing new technologies —
stantial changes to the classification system, starting
such as high-temperature materials and slush hydro-
with simplification and rational-
gen — building and improving large test facilities,
ization. SAPs are not the only
and even setting up production facilities for some
: category of classification outside
materials. These activities would have been hard to: the
normal
confidential/
conceal directly, and would have pointed directly to a :
secret/top secret system: the
classified hypersonic program without a cover story.
intelligence community classifies
much of its product as Sensitive
Vanishing project syndrome
Compartmented Information
(SCI) and the Department of
Intentional cover is supported by two mechanisms,
Energy uses Restricted Data
inherent in the structure of unacknowledged SAPs,
and Critical Nuclear
that result in the dissemination of plausible but false
Weapons Design Information
data, or disinformation. Confronted with the unau-
(CNWDI). The panels called for
thorized use of a program name or a specific ques-
a simplified system that would
tion, an 'accessed' individual may deny all knowledge
encompass SAPs, SCI and the
of a program — as he should, because its existence is
a core secret, and a mere "no comment" is tanta-
mount to confirmation. The questioner - who may
not be aware that an accessed individual must
respond with a denial - will believe that denial and
Also, people may honestly believe that there are no
black programs in their area of responsibility. For
example, Gen George Sylvester, commander of Aero-
nautical Systems Division in 1977, was not 'accessed'
into the ASD-managed Have Blue stealth program,
even though he was nominally responsible for all
USAF aircraft programs. Had he been asked whether
Have Blue existed, he could have candidly and hon-
estly denied it. Presented with a wall of denial, and
with no way to tell the difference between deliberate
and fortuitous disinformation, most of the media has
Both commissions also accused the DoD and other
agencies of protecting too much material within spe-
cial access boundaries, and doing so in an inconsis-
tent manner. As the 1995 report put it: "Perhaps the
greatest weakness in the entire system is that critical
specially protected information within the various
compartments is not clearly identified."
One general told the commission that an SAP was
like "trying to protect every blade of grass on a base-
ball field. He had to have a hundred players to guard
the entire field, when only four persons to protect
home plate would suffice."
Different services used different standards to deter-
mine how and when to establish SAPs, according to
the 1995 commission. In one case, two services and
the DoE were running concurrent programs with the
Boeing's X-37
spaceplane, being
developed for NASA,
was originally
designed by Rockwell
and supported by the
USAF as a special
access program. The
designation X-40
applies to its military
variants.
(photo: NASA)
abandoned any serious attempts to investigate classi-
fied programs.
The process of establishing an SAP is, logically,
covert. To make the process faster and quieter, the
Presented with a wall of denial, most
DoD may authorize a Prospective SAP (P-SAP)
before the, program is formally reviewed and funded:
of the media has abandoned any
the P-SAP may continue for up to six months. The
P-SAP may account for the 'vanishing project syn-
serious attempts to investigate
drome' in which a promising project simply disap-
pears off the scope. Possible examples include the
ultra-short take-off and landing Advanced Tactical
classified programs'
Transport, mooted in the late 1980s; and the A/F-X
long-range stealth attack aircraft, ostensibly cancelled i same technology. One military service classified its
program as Top Secret Special Access and protected
A further defense against disclosure is provided by
: it with armed guards. The other military service clas-
a multi-level nomenclature system. All DoD SAPs
sified its program as Secret Special Access with little
have an unclassified nickname, which is a combina- more than tight need-to-know protection applied.
tion of two unclassified words such as Have Blue or The DoE classified its program as Secret, adopting
Rivet Joint. (Have, Senior and Constant are fre- discretionary need-to-know procedures. "This prob-
quently used as the first word in Air Force programs,
lem is not uncommon", the report remarked.
Tractor in the army and Chalk in the navy.) Even in a
The commission gave up on efforts to measure the
program that has a standard designation, the SAP! direct costs of security, saying that "no one has a
JANES INTERNATIONAL DEFENSE REVIEW 1/2000 @ www.james.com
29

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 793, "chars": 5207, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The now-cancelled
Lockheed Martin/
Boeing Darkstar may
have been a scaled-
down version of a
large, long-endurance
stealth reconnaissance
UAY which was
cancelled in 1993 after
at least $1 billion had
been spent on its
development.
(graphic: Lockheed
Martin)
30
Since 1995, the US Government has declassified
i some programs. Northrop's Tacit Blue, a prototype
i for a battlefield surveillance aircraft, was unveiled in
1996, but it had made its last flight in 1985 and had
not led to an operational aircraft. The USAF publicly
announced
the acquisition of MiG-29s from
/ Moldova in 1998 - however, the previous history of
: the 4477th Test and Evaluation Squadron, which has
: flown Soviet combat aircraft from Area 51 since the
1970s, remains classified.
Some recent programs appear to combine an
unclassified and a SAP element. One example is the
Boeing X-36 unmanned test aircraft. The X-36 itself
was disclosed in March 1996, when it was nearly
, complete: at the time, it was a McDonnell Douglas
project, and it clearly resembled the company's pro-
posed Joint Strike Fighter design. However, it was
also a subscale test vehicle for an agile, very-low.
observables combat aircraft, incorporating a still-clas-
sified thrust vectoring system with an externally fixed
nozzle. The nozzle itself remains classified, and it is
likely that a full-scale radar cross-section model of
the design was also built under a secret program.
Another hybrid is the USAF's Space Maneuver
Vehicle (SMV), originated by Rockwell but a Boeing
project. This appears to have been black before 1997,
with the designation X-40. (The USAF has reserved
the designations X-39 to X-42 for a variety of pro-
grams.) A subscale, low-speed test vehicle was
revealed in that year; it was described as the Minia-
ture Spaceplane Technology (MiST) demonstrator
and was designated X-40A, a suffix that usually indi-
cates the second derivative of an X-aircraft. Late last
year, Boeing was selected to develop a larger SMV
test vehicle under NASA's Future-X program — this
effort is unclassified, and is designated X-37. The
question is whether the USAF is still quietly working
on a full-scale X-40 to explore some of the SMV's
military applications, including space control and
good handle on what security really costs". Direct
reconnaissance.
the commission estimated, ranged from 1% to
Another indication of greater openness is the fact
3% of total operating costs in an acknowledged SAP,
that the three reconnaissance unmanned air vehicle
and from 3% to 10% on a black project, although
(UAV) programs launched in 1994-95 — the Preda-
one SAP program manager estimated security costs
tor, DarkStar and Global Hawk — were unclassified.
could be as high as 40% of total operating costs. The
The General Atomics Gnat 750, which preceded the
commission found that there was no way to estimate
: Predator, was placed in service under a CIA black
the indirect costs of security, such as the lost oppor- program, and the Darkstar and Global Hawk,
tunities to rationalize programs.
between them, were designed as a substitute for a
The 1995 commission also pointed out that the
very large, long-endurance stealth reconnaissance
military utility of a breakthrough technology is lim- UAV developed by Boeing and Lockheed and can-
ited if commanders do not know how to use it. A: celled in 1993. However, the budget numbers indi-
senior officer on the Joint Staff remarked that "we ! cate that unacknowledged SAPs are very much alive.
still treat certain capabilities as pearls too precious to : Neither has the DoD taken any drastic steps to ratio-
wear — we acknowledge their value, but because of nalize the security system. Recent revelations over the
their value, we lock them up and don't use them for
fear of losing them". The report implied that the SAP loss of data from DoE laboratories have placed borh
Congress and Administration in a defensive posture,
world keeps field commanders in the dark until the and early reform is unlikely.
systems are ready for use and even then, "they are !
A telling indication of the state of declassification,
put under such tight constraints that they are unable | however, was the release in 1998 of the CIA's official
to use [SAP products] in any practical way".
history of the U-2 program. It is censored to remove
any mention of the location of the program. How-
Risk management
ever, an earlier account of the U-2 program, prepared
with the full co-operation of Lockheed and screened
Both the DoD's own commission and the later Sen-
for security, includes a photo of the Area 51 ramp
ate commission pushed for a simpler system, with
area. It shows hangars that can still be located on
more consistent rules, and based on the principle of overhead and ground-to-ground shots of the base,
risk management: that is, focusing security efforts to together with terrain that can be correlated with
protect the information that is most likely to be tar-
i ridgelines in the Groom Lake area.
geted and would be most damaging if compromised.
However, the DoD has opposed legislation - along
wviviv.anes.com @ JANES INTERNATIONAI DEFENSE REVIEW 1/20000
the
ati
S11
te!
p°
1'
SI
sE
01
p'
le
"1
A
0'
n
h
h

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 796, "chars": 5265, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• declassified
a prototype
s unveiled in
985 and had
SAF publicly
j-29s from
• us history of
•n, which has
51 since the
combine an
:ample is the
e X-36 itself
t was nearly
nell Douglas
npany's pro-
vever, it was
e, very-low-
g a still-clas-
rernally fixed
ed, and it is
on model of
rogram.
e Maneuver
jut a Boeing
before 1997,
has reserved
riety of pro-
vehicle was
s the Minia-
emonstrator
usually indi-
aft. Late last
larger SMV
gram - this
1 X-37. The
etly working
f the SMV's
control and
is is the fact
I air vehicle
- the Preda-
unclassified.
receded the
1 CIA black
›bal Hawk,
stitute for a
onnaissance
ed and can-
imbers indi-
much alive.
eps to ratio-
ons over the
placed both
sive posture,
lassification,
CIA's official
•d to remove
gram. How-
im, prepared
nd screened
ea 51 ramp
: located on
of the base,
elated with
ion - along
SE REVIEW 1/2000
the lines of the 1997 Sen-
ate report - that would
simplify the current sys-
tem and create an inde-
"A test vehicle is being
Benan de asicati. " assembled in a hangar
govern declassification.
In the summer of
an added emphasis on
low-cost prototyping, has
been expanded by the
new Boeing to include
facilities and people at
Palmdale and Seattle.
While the headquarters
1999, Deputy Defense
divided by a high curtain...
Secretary John Hamre
said that the DoD was
opposed to the entire concept of writing all security
policies into law, because it would make the system
less flexible. The DoD is also against the idea of a
"balance of public interest" test for classification.
Another major concern was that an independent
oversight office would be cognizant of all SAPs.
Hans Mark, director for defense research and engi-
neering, defended the current level of SAP activity in
his confirmation hearing in June 1998. SAPs, Mark
being moved to Seattle,
this move directly affects
only a small staff, and the St Louis operation still
appears to be active. Its main white-world program
has been the construction of the forward fuselages of
the X-32 prototypes, but this only occupies one of
many secure hangar bays. The X-32 prototypes are
being assembled at Palmdale, in a hangar divided by
a high curtain. Another test vehicle is being assem-
bled in the same hangar, behind a high curtain, and
background music plays constantly to drown out any
said, "enable the DoD to accomplish very sensitive,
high payoff acquisition, intelligence, and operational
In the early 1980s, Boeing expanded its military-
activities". Without them, he said,
"many of these
aircraft activities and built large new facilities
activities would not be possible, and the effectiveness including an engineering building and indoor RCS
of the operational forces would be reduced as a result.
range at Boeing Field — which were specifically
I am convinced that special access controls are critical
designed to support SAPs, with numerous, physically
to the success of such highly sensitive activities."
separate 'vaults' to isolate secure programs from each
other. Boeing's black-projects team at Seattle is con-
Industry's role
sidered to be one of the best in the industry.
Lockheed Martin's Skunk Works has changed in
Not only have SAPs held their ground, but their phi-
character since the 1970s. The original Advanced
losophy has also spread to other programs and agen-
Development Projects (ADP) unit was built around a
cies. NASA's 'faster, better, cheaper' approach to
core group of engineering leaders, who would tap
technology demonstration and space exploration has
people and resources from the 'white-world' Lock-
been brought to the agency by its administrator, Dan
heed-California company when they were needed. In
Goldin, who was previously involved with SAPs with
the 1980s, the Skunk Works grew in size and impor-
TRW. The Advanced Concept Technology Demon-
tance, while Lockheed-California diminished. Today,
stration (ACTD) programs conducted by the
the Skunk Works is a large, stand-alone organization
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
with 4,000-plus employees. As far as the world
(DARPA) are also based on similar principles to
knows, its output in the past 10 years comprises two
SAPs. In some cases — such as Frontier Systems'
YF-22 prototypes, parts of two DarkStar prototypes,
A160 long-endurance helicopter demonstrator —
the X-33 RLV and the two X-35 JSF demonstrators.
DARPA contractors are providing effective security
In mid-1999, Lockheed Martin disclosed that a new
outside a formal SAP framework.
advanced-technology organization had been set up
SAPs are visible in the prosperity of special-pro-
within the Skunk Works, headed by veteran
gram organizations within industry. Boeing's Phan-
engineer Ed Glasgow, to explore the potential or revo-
tom Works, founded in 1992 on the basis of existing
lutionary technologies. In the unclassified realm, these
black-program work at McDonnell Douglas but with l include a hybrid heavy-lift vehicle combining lighter-
The Lockheed YF-12C
reconnaissance
aircraft was disclosed
before its first flight,
but its testing and
operation was used to
mask the existence of
its covert precursor,
the CIA's A-12. The
latter was not
disclosed until 1982,
14 years after its
retirement.
(photo: NASA)
JANES INTERNATIONAL DEFENSE REVIEW 1/2(XX) @ wiww.janes.com
31

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 747, "chars": 5207, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
US BLACK BUDGETS
| back to Vietnam-era reconnaissance UAVs and the
AQM-91 Firefly high-altitude, low-observable recon-
naissance drone tested in the early 1970s.
Raytheon has acquired important SAP operations
through acquisitions. The former Hughes missile
operation was presumably involved in the classified
air-breathing AMRAAM variant that was apparently
used in Operation 'Desert Storm', and in subsequent
extended-range air-to-air missile programs. Texas
Instruments developed the ASQ-213 HARM Target-
ing System pod under a black program between 1991
and 1993, when it was unveiled. (HTS was a classic
example of a 'vanishing' program: briefly mentioned
in early 1990, it turned black shortly afterwards.) The
former E-Systems has been heavily involved in intelli-
gence programs since its formation.
Next stealth
One likely strategic goal of current SAPs is the pur.
suit of what one senior engineer calls "the next
stealth" — breakthrough technologies that provide a
significant military advantage. Examples could
include high-speed technology — permitting recon-
naissance and strike aircraft to cruise above M4-5 —
and visual and acoustic stealth measures, which
could re-open the airspace below 15,000ft (4,600m)
to manned and unmanned aircraft.
The existence of high-supersonic aircraft projects
has been inferred from sighting reports, the repeated,
unexplained sonic booms over the US and elsewhere,
the abrupt retirement of the SR-71 and from the
The Soviet Union was presumably aware of the location of Area 51 by the early 1960s, when
its first reconnaissance satellites began to survey the United States. However, the Pentagon
continues to avoid acknowledging its existence.
focus of white-world programs, such as NASP and
follow-on research efforts such as the USAF's
HyTech program. The latter have consistently been
aimed at gathering data on speeds in the true hyper-
than-air and aerodynamic principles, and a super-
sonic realm — well above M6, where subsonic-com-
sonic-cruise vehicle with design features that virtually
bustion ramjets give way to supersonic-combustion
eliminate a sonic boom signature on the ground
ramjets (scramjets) — implying that speeds from M3
The Skunk Works' renown has overshadowed
to M6 present no major unsolved challenges.
another Lockheed Martin organization with a long-
One researcher in high-speed technology has con-
standing connection with SAPs, located within Lock-
firmed to IDR that he has seen what appear to be
heed Martin Tactical Aircraft Systems (LMTAS) at ! photographs of an unidentified high-speed aircraft,
Fort Worth. This group has existed since the late
obtained by a US publication. In a recent sighting at
1950s, when General Dynamics sought special-pro-
: Area 51, a group of observers claim to have seen a
grams work to keep its engineering workforce
highly blended slender-delta aircraft which closely
together between major projects. Notable projects !
resembles the aircraft seen over the North Sea in
include Kingfish, which was the ramjet-powered rival
August 1999. Visual stealth measures were part of
to Lockheed's A-12 Blackbird and continued in
the original Have Blue program, and one prototype
development into the early 1960s, and the RB-57F, a
was to have been fitted with a counter-illumination
drastically modified Canberra designed for high-alti-
system to reduce its detectability against a brightly lit
tude reconnaissance missions.
sky. However, both prototypes were lost before either
could be fitted with such a system. More recent work
Big safari
has focused on electrochromic materials — flat pan-
els which can change color or tint when subjected to
More recently, the group worked on early stealth con-
an electrical charge — and Lockheed Martin Skunk
cepts — including the design which led to the Navy's ! Works is known to have co-operated with the DoE's
A-12 Avenger Il attack aircraft — and has modified
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory on such materials.
transport-type aircraft for sensitive reconnaissance
Yet, the plain fact is that the public and the defense
missions under the USAF's Big Safari program.
community at large have little idea of what has been
Northrop Grumman's major involvement in
¿ achieved in unacknowledged SAPs since the early
manned-aircraft SAPs may be winding down as the
: 1980s. Tacit Blue, the most recently declassified prod-
Pico Rivera plant — which housed the B-2 program
uct of the black-aircraft world, actually traces its roots
- is closed down and its workforce disperses. How-
: to the Ford Administration. If nothing else, the dearth
ever, the company's acquisitions in 1999, including of hard information since that time, shows that the
Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical (TRA) and California SAP system — expensive, unwieldy and sometimes
Microwave, indicate that it will remain a force in
¡ irrational as it might seem — keeps its secrets well.
UAV programs, including SAPs. TRA has a long | Whatever rattled the dinner tables of Delaware a year
association with SAPs and SAP-like programs, dating : ago may remain in the shadows for many years.
32
wwww.janes.com@ JANESINTERNATIONAI DEFENSE REVIEW 1/000
H
BY R
K
custo
gene.
expe
answ
them
as pr
ties.
almo
ing o
