{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:55:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 766859, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18590-chadwell-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "b7efc19378ac84f6707b542b67d5a2097c533e5b7da506e548f02be3b2f6da1b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1992, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3-3İZ211
SEP 24 1952
¡ELORIDU: FETS Director of Central Intelligence
= Deputy Director (Intelligence)
000094
TERCOCK
SUBJECI
1. Recently an inquiry 12s conducted by the Office of Selentifie
Intelligence to deteraire uhether there are national security Implications'
in the problen of Murdentifled flying objects, " 1.e., Flying Brucers;
whether adeguate study and research is currently bein! directed to
this probles in its relation to such iaticral security inplications;
and vast funtier investigation ard research should be instituted,
by vaca, and under what aegis.
2. It 12s found that the "ly vult of Governrent currently
sts chrised to be lg the cate of et 0, 154
ESE, weich
esporsibility for Investle ting the reports ci sightings... it ATIC
there is a soup of three officers and tro secretaries to which cose,
through official channels, all reports of sightings. This groun
conducts irrestigation of
ther Me ace and elder tedie parsenel, a worli-de
consulting as required with
reporting syster tas been instituted and rajor iir force Jases have
been crisred to sake interceptions ci unidentified flying objects.
proride a satisfactory explaration of each individual sighting.
for the latter to establisis a rachire inderdug systez for official
reports of sigstings,
* 3. Sirse 1947, ATIC has received approsmately 1500 official
red pes pot Done 102 role of deport caled 250.
Of the 1500 seports, dir force carries 20 percent as meminined ard
of those receiied fron January through July 1952 it carries 2ô percent'
Is its irquiry into this problen, a tean Ira: CIl's Office
of Scientific Intelliferce consulted with a representative of AiI
" Farce Stacial Studies Group; discussed the probler with those in charge
of the ir Sorce Project at !richt-Patterson fir Force Lase; revianed
a corsicerable volume of intelligence reports; checied the soviet
press and broncast inciees; and conforred with tisse bi consultants,
who hare broad Inowledge of the technicel areas concersed.
- 58 -

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1991, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
000095
5. It was found that the slit study 1s probably valid It the
purpose is Lirited to a case-by-case explanation.. However, that
study does not solve the gore fundarental aspects of the problen.
These aspects are to deternine definitoly the rature ol the various
phenocens which are causing these sightings, and to discover tears
by that ted causes, and the contales sonte frets, ay
I The CIA consultants stated that these
solutious would probably be found on the rargins or just beyond the
frostiers of our present mouledge in the fields of atmospherto,
Lonoschetic, and extraterrestrial phenorena, with ths added possibility
went tis present dispersal of nuclear waste products night also
be a fsctor.
They recommended that a study group ba forued to perfor
tatee functions:
aralyze and systeratize the factors waich corstitute
the Sundarental problem;
loternino the fields of fred rental science whic
ust to Iavestigateó in oraer to reaca au uncerstanding o
the pbentrans involzed; and
mako reccendations for the fritiation of appropriate.
Iesearca.
Di. Julius d, Strattor, Vice President of the lassachusetts Institute
Salary, project Lincola, the
Air Ecice's air defense project at III, coulà be charged with scus
of these respossibilities.
6. The flying sausor șitration ecstains tro elerents of darger
waich,
in a situatios of internatioral tensica, bare national security
Implicatiors, These are:
Povcholorea? - With world-wide sightings reported, it
up to the tire of the investigation, there had
bees in the soviet press no report or comment, even satirical,
cE 1-5ng saucers, trough Gronyko had rade one buzorous
caution oi tce subject.
With a State-controlled press, this
could result only froz an official policy decision. The
question, thereicre, arises as to whether or not these sightings:
time pen: could be controlled,. but sit corse
(2) could be predicted, and
(3): could de used froz a psychological iariara
paint of ries, olther offensivaly or defensively.
- 59 -

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1923, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
J0096
The public concern with the phenoren, which is reflected both
in the United states gress and in the pressure of irquisg upon the
Alt Force, indicates test a fair proportion of our population
is rentaliy conditioned to the accéptance of the incredible...
In this ject Iles the potential for the touching-off of mass
hysteria and panic.
Do Air Vulnembility - The United States 115 Verniag Systen
WIll undcubtedly allays depend upos a combiretion of radar screen-
ing and visual observation.
The Jos.S.i. Is credited with the
present capabllity of deliveriug an air attack against the
Trited States, yet at any elven ament now, there say be
eurrent a dozen official waldentifled sightings plus rany
Wolficial cres. At any icient of attack, lie are sour in a
position were is carrot, on an instant basis, distinguish
cardiara Iroa pantos, and as tension mounts we will ruz tha
increasirg risk of false alerts and the even greater danger
of falsely identifting the real as phanta.
7. Both of these probless are prirarily ogeratioral in rature
but esca contaiss readily apparent intelligence factors...
8. FrOs an operational polat oi view, three actions are
required:
e. Irediate stees should be taken to improve identification
of both visual and electronio rantos so that, in the event of
en attach, instant ati pesitive idertification of eremy planes
o= Fissiles cas be rade.
A study shold be instituted to determine what, if any,
utilization could be Ede of these phenorera by Irited States
psychological tarfare plazrers ard wat, il ary, defenses should
be plarned in articipation of Soviet atterots to utilize then.
ате:
regarding the phero=eas.
9. : Other intelligence problers which require deterritatios
•a. The present level of Soviet kaowledge regarding
b. Possible Soviet intentions and capabilities to
utilize those stenorera to the detrirent of Unitea States
security interests.
...
Gus- lisan
is waits.
60 -

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 713, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fami
The reasons for silence in the Sorlet press
rogarding flying saucers.
ITau that presently being perforned by hit sOrCe, will te required
to reet the speciiic reeds oi both oreratiors and Intelligence.
Intolligence resporsibilities ia this fleld as regards both collectios
and analysis can be discharged with radour effectiveness only after
much noie is Iown regardirg the exact rature of these phenosara.
11. I consider this probles to be of such importance that 1t
should be brought to the attention of the latioral Security Council.
is order that a community-ride coordirated effort tourds its solutioz
may be initiated.
000097
Haclude
5. MARSHALL CEAD BUL
Assistant Director
Scientific Intelligence
- 61-
