{"created_utc": "2026-08-25T23:00:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 48629, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18608-criteria-for-device.pdf", "source_sha256": "c65b7a5cfaa86b4b2ad970b04389daf9bfde308e47502d27919538b18462ba15"}

STAR Challenge and Award:

Our goal is to find a device that is a prototype for a robust, safe, zero point
technology that can be developed and distributed on a world-wide basis

These rigorous criteria reflect our study of devices over a 20+ year period.


Technology Criteria
Any device submitted must meet all these criteria.

   1. Applicant must make available to STAR reports from transparent
      independent, professional, 3rd party testing and verification.


   2. The device must be self-running and closed loop . Any input power
      source to the device is returned by the device and the device is running a
      load of at least 1 Kw. Specifically, the device must be able to run both
      resistive and AC power appliances - such as both lights and a fan or
      other AC appliance – of at least 1 kilowatt. Input power cannot be
      attached to a wall socket and the power-up system - if there is one ( e.g.
      battery or capacitor) - must stay continuously charged from the output
      power while running a load of at least 1 kilowatt. The input power
      system must be transparent and testable. The total output must exceed
      the total input. Total kilowatt hour output must exceed the total kilowatt
      hour input capability by at least 12 kilowatt hours.


   3. The technology must be able to be independently reproduced (by
      someone other than the inventor or his associates) SOLELY from plans
      provided to STAR which include all details related to its reproduction.


   4. It needs to operate anywhere – regardless of variations in magnetic field
      on earth. It is acceptable if it needs to be tuned to different longitudes or
      locations but the variables and tuning parameters must be known so it is
   not guesswork location to location. (Some devices do react to the
   magnetic fields of the earth and their tuning can change with the
   magnetic fields or what minerals are in the earth)


5. It must be tested for safety. There can be no bio-hazardous (radioactive,
   dangerous chemical, etc.) materials either in the device or a bi-product
   of the device. There can be no FCC (telecommunications, TV, radio, cell
   phone etc) disruption from the operation of the device. There can be no
   harmful radiation from its operation.


6. It must run seamlessly for a prolonged amount of time, at least
   exceeding 12 hours. It must run well past the capacity of the input
   power so its over-unity performance is unambiguous.


7. The device must have an on-off switch and run consistently without
   breaking down. It must be sturdy enough to be moved with reasonable
   care without damage, components coming loose or failing in its
   operation.


8. The device must not require tuning or reassembly with each on/off cycle.


9. The device must be left with STAR for testing and reproduction. If the
   inventor wants to retain a copy of the device, he should make two: one
   for himself and one for STAR.
10.Plans that can be used to faithfully reproduce the device must be left with
   STAR. They must be complete and allow an independent 3rd party
   fabricator chosen by STAR to accurately reproduce the device without
   input from the inventor.
   (The applicant may want to write out plans and have someone of their
   choosing reproduce the device for them from those plans to determine
   where there may be gaps in the plans and fill in those gaps before
   submitting an application.)


11.The device cannot be dependent on sun or wind or other variables that
   would interrupt service.


12.It must be economically viable for mass production and distribution. It
   cannot contain extremely rare or very expensive materials. There must
   be a realistic supply chain available so it can be mass manufactured once
   developed.


13.The applicant understands that the plans and the details of the device
   will be open source.


14.The applicant warrants that he is not infringing on any 3rd party
   intellectual property or patents. The applicant indemnifies STAR if there
   has been any intellectual property or patent infringement.
   15.The plans must be typed in English and conform to standard US
      fabricating and engineering requirements.


Before making an appointment to come to the Charlottesville VA area for
testing, the applicant must submit a technology evaluation form and sign that
he has read the above criteria and that the device meets all of these criteria.


He must also agree that he understands the technology will be independently
tested by professionals that STAR chooses and that STAR will choose the
professionals to reproduce it from the plans submitted.
If the device passes the initial testing, the device will be left with STAR along
with its plans for reproduction. $20,000 will be put in an escrow account for
the applicant pending successful reproduction of the device from plans.


When the technology has been successfully reproduced solely from plans the
applicant will receive the escrowed amount of $20,000 and the remaining
$80,000 for a total of $100,000.


The device and the plans must remain with STAR.


There is no one available to take phone calls or answer emails
about the criteria.
We can only respond to completed signed application forms.
