{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:56:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 123235, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18600-coherent-thought-sequencing-transcript.pdf", "source_sha256": "77414f504bb881546cf0cc5494f3fad68df6e05098f87134b40869b6c6f5060c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2566, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Discussion of nonlinear mind, meditation and
Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS)
Transcript of Audio Recording
Dr. Steven M. Greer, Copyright 1995
The nature of mind or consciousness is that it is at all times nonlinear.
Awakeness in its pure form, as opposed to what we are aware of, is essentially a
nonlinear, nonlocal reality. This means that that faculty, that awakeness, whereby
every life form - human or otherwise - is conscious is essentially nonlinear,
omnipresent, and is not bound by space or time.
As a nonlinear reality, space and time does not confine or limit mind or the
potential of mind. In this sense, the total number of minds in the universe is one.
There is one awakeness, one light of consciousness, shining throughout the
universe and through every individual. In this sense, the individuality of a human
or of an extraterrestrial life form is a window or an opening thru which the
unbounded mind is shining. The fact that we identify this awakeness with our
ego, with our thoughts, with our perceptions, is actually a delusional state.
The actual nature of mind, regardless of how we may understand it, is that it is
beyond space and beyond time. Therefore, it is omnipresent and eternal. This is
the fundamental aspect of the existence of every intelligent life form. By
becoming aware of just awareness, becoming conscious of the depths of silent
consciousness, an individual can awaken to the nonlinear, or nonbounded,
aspect of themselves.
Mind is at all times in that state, even while we are awake, asleep, or dreaming. If
we are thinking of a task, those thoughts which we are absorbed in are actually
taking place within a silent mind that is perceiving those thoughts. If we are
hearing sounds, those sounds are being perceived by an awareness, a silent
consciousness which is transcendental to those sounds, and which is silent and
unbounded. Mind, therefore, is in its essential nature, a singularity, and it is not a
divisible reality. There are not pieces of mind functioning in different individuals.
There are unique individuals which share this oneness of mind. Awakeness,
then, pure consciousness, pure conscious intelligence, pure spirit - call it what
you wish - is this aspect of every conscious, self-aware intelligent life form which
is the gateway to the nonlinear universe.
By recognizing the nonlocal nature, nonlinear, unbounded nature of mind, and by
experiencing that state - mind its pure, silent state - one can perceive anything,
anywhere, at any point in time or space. This is the basis for so-called "remote

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3151, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
viewing". It is also the basis for telepathy, precognition, and precognitive
dreams.
In the event of precognitive states, they can take place because an individual is
accessing mind and since mind in its pure form is not bound by space or time
one can perceive an event in the future, at a distance, in the current state of time
we call now, or in the past because mind is really independent of space or time,
but can access any point in space or time. Understanding this basic reality of
awakeness of mind or consciousness enables an individual to begin to
experience that state and then to be able to apply that experience and to access
nonlocal mind, and through that any point in space or time.
In this way, an individual may be sitting in their home and be able to perceive an
event taking place in another part of the city, on another part of the Earth, in
another part of the solar system or another part of galaxy. Moreover, this can
take place at any point on the spectrum of time. The important thing to remember
is that the experience of mind is continual.
We are all awake. Usually, and unfortunately, we are only awake to what we are
aware of - the sounds, the thoughts, the perceptions, the emotions, and the ego.
It takes some practice in silence to become aware of just awakeness itself, to be
come aware of just awareness, for the mind to reflect only mind. While this
requires some time and discipline, it is not intrinsically a difficult thing - except to
the extent we tell ourselves it is impossible - because you are awake, and if you
are awake, you can experience simple, pure awakeness. In this sense, it's closer
to us than our life's vein, it is such an intimate part of being a conscious,
awakened, entity that we don't see it - it is almost too close. So, it takes practice
in silencing the mind and in being able to access this calm, clear state of simple
awareness of awareness, just awakeness for this understanding to grow.
At first, for some people it may seem difficult, because of various distractions, but
with practice the ability to be aware of awareness grows and becomes very
simple and very automatic and can be utilized whether in meditation, whether
waking, whether sleeping and dreaming, whether walking, at any point in time
and during any activity. This has been called "cosmic consciousness" by some.
When the individual is able to be aware of this universal, undifferentiated, silent
mind, even while they are engaged in everyday activities or waking or sleeping. It
is a constant presence. This, too, should be something simple and natural in its
evolution, because it is only the practice of becoming aware of awareness - and
we are awake all the time - that is required for this to happen.
The significance of this, as it pertains to extraterrestrial life forms, is that just as
humans are awake these other intelligent life forms are also conscious or awake
and as mentioned earlier, the total number of minds in the universe is one. This
means the light of awakeness itself, which is shining through you and through
every human, is also shining through and illuminating every extraterrestrial life

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3216, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
form. In this way, we understand that we are really all one people, that there is
one mind shining through all of us. Some people have likened this to there being
one spirit in many bodies, that there is this one awakeness which illuminates all.
Beyond the question of intelligent life forms, human and extraterrestrial or
cosmological, it is also true that matter itself is awake, that space is awake, that
there is a nonlinear or nonlocal aspect of matter, of substance, of space, and it is
awake even as you are awake and extraterrestrial life forms are awake. The old
saying "all this is that" refers to this reality. Every cell in the body in the body is
awake and has conscious intelligence in its warp and woof, as does every atom
in every rock. The entire universe is conscious, so as you stare up and look at
the sky filled with stars, see that it is awake even as you are awake. The earth
on which you walk is awake, even as you are awake. It is all conscious, it is all in
its most fundamental aspect consciousness and awake.
This becomes significant in terms of a research tool with the CE-5 initiative,
because these extraterrestrial life forms which have found their way to our corner
of the galaxy are not only awake, even as you and I are awake, but have evolved
technologies which assist their ability to interface with consciousness or mind. By
virtue of being starfaring peoples, they are able to move and communicate
beyond the light speed, or the barrier of light, and in transcending the barrier of
light, have come discoveries that involve the interface between technology or
machine and consciousness. This has been called consciousness assisted
technology and technology assisted consciousness.
Importantly, from a research point of view, this means that these spacecraft and
their occupants are able to interact with mind and thought as easily as we pick up
a telephone and speak with/over electromagnetic energy waves or radio waves
or microwave signals. The ability to interface with thought - directed thought,
which is emanating from a source of nonlocality, is very specific in their
technology. But the important point here, unless their spacecraft is within line
sight of where you are located, is that the individual attempting to establish a
point of communication with these extraterrestrial spacecraft is that they access
nonlocality, they access nonlinear mind, this holographic aspect of mind which is
beyond time-space, and then operating from that level, to be able to have
specific thought sequences that direct these spacecraft to your location. We call
this Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS). The ability to, from a coherent state of
nonlinear mind, to sequentially, in the realm, the way of thought, show the
extraterrestrial life forms and their spacecraft where you are located on the
planet, which solar system, and in fact in which galaxy. The efficacy of that
technique - Coherent Thought Sequencing - is directly proportional to the ability
of the individual and the group of individuals to access and function within this
holographic aspect of mind, or nonlinear mind - that mind which is beyond space-
time or transcendent to the normal boundaries of space-time.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3249, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For that reason, Coherent Thought Sequencing, as it is here discussed, is a tool
for primary vectoring of spacecraft from deep space or other sources on the
Earth to a research site. Coherent Thought Sequencing begins when the
individual and the group access this coherent state of mind, which is silent, and
which is awareness of awareness, beyond time, and beyond space, and from
that point is therefore accessing, as it were, the universal operator, the universal
aspect of mind, which while being omnipresent allows for time and space to be
annihilated as barriers to perceiving or to communicating.
While in a state of unbounded mind - mind that is not bound by space-time - it is
possible to awaken specifically in that state and see at distant points in space or
time, as mentioned earlier. In this way, an individual or an entire research team,
can be out in the field, access nonlocal mind and specifically see spacecraft at
some point in space or at some point in time, or space-time. For our purposes,
we will be discussing for real-time research projects, real time, but in distant
points in space. These can include various places in our solar system, around
the moon, around Mars, around the Earth, and near Earth orbit, and underground
or underwater facilities on the Earth and other locations.
While in the state of unbounded mind, an individual or group - at least more than
one individual - may see an extraterrestrial spacecraft or life form at some point
in space. It may be on the other side of the galaxy, it may be within our solar
system, or it may be very near to the research site but invisible to the naked eye -
in other words, on the other side a mountain or what have you. It is important,
when that event occurs, that the individual connect politely with the
extraterrestrial life form or life forms, ask permission to go within the craft, and
then, invite them, in a spirit of oneness and of peace, to follow you as you show
them precisely where you are located. This is when you coherently sequence
thought and show them your precise location.
For example, if you are located in Denver, Colorado you would show them our
Milky Way, the galaxy and its spiral arms, you would show them our star system
(the Sun) on one of the outer spiral arms, you would then show them our solar
system and the third planet from the Sun known as Earth, with its moon. You
would then show them in real time the North American continent and if it is at
night that it would be dark but the cities would be visible from space as you are
coming to the Earth from space. Then, you would show them the Rocky
Mountain region, and to the east the high plains of Colorado. Then, you would
show them the city of Denver, which is very large, and sprawling, and illuminated
artificially at night. And then, you would show them the specific area, down to a
few meters in detail, of where you are located including any lakes, geological
formations or mountains, manmade structures, and indeed the group - the
members of the team, the number and exactly what you look like and that you
will be using beeping tones and lights from that site. This is then repeated over
and over again and in fact, one can go from deep space to the specific location in

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3108, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one flow consciousness thought, with practice, which occurs almost
instantaneously.
The ideal is not to imagine or just visualize where you are located, although that
is perhaps a start, but to actually remote view it in real time. The difference is that
in remote view you are actually seeing from deep space the galaxy, the solar
system, the Earth, the continent, and the specific location where you are located,
as opposed to simply imagining, or visualizing it. But that, for some people, is a
distinction which grows slowly and so if the remote view is not possible then
visualize it.
This is most effective, as mentioned earlier, when you are accessing nonlocal
nind, and for that reason, if at any point during the procedure you fee
constricted or you are straining or you are getting very fixed and over!!
concentrated, relax for a moment, and take some deep breaths, and then spend
a moment or two accessing nonlocal mind, becoming aware again of this
awareness, of this unbounded cosmic mind, and then establish in nonlocal mind,
in this holographic state, then return to the Coherent Thought Sequencing. The
main point here being, take time and be relaxed to have a sense of pure
consciousness and see that it is universal, it is cosmic, and in doing so, access
this unbounded nature of mind. From that state of relaxed but very alert depth of
consciousness
then do the Coherent Thought Sequencing. The Coherent
Thought Sequencing really begins when one accesses this nonlinear aspect of
consciousness. Coherent Thought Sequencing is not a meditation technique to
achieve that state. Frequently misspoken even by senior members of the SETI
research teams, that the Coherent Thought Sequencing is meditation. It is not.
The meditative tradition - whichever one you use to access unbounded, calm
mind is distinct from the Coherent Thought Sequencing, which commences at
that point that you access that unbounded, nonlocal state.
Coherent Thought Sequencing works, and can work in dramatic ways, because
the extraterrestrial lite forms not only are awake even as you and are awake,
and this awakeness is a singularity and is universal, but because they have
technologies that can interface with mind and thought. When an individual
accesses this multipotent state of unbounded mind and then specifically remote
views a spacecraft, this is something their sensors or their technology can pick it
up quite clearly. And then, if you are able to show them precisely where you are
located, they are able to read that as clearly as a television transmission or a
video tape transmission that would be showing the same thing. The fact that we
don't possess that technology does not mean it does not exist, because these life
forms, which are in the hundreds of thousands to millions of years technologically
more developed than we are, utilize these types of nonlinear technologies as
easily as we turn on light switches or speak on the telephone.
There is another important part of experiencing nonlocal mind or another aspect,
which is central to the functioning of a CSETI research team. And that is, by

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2772, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
experiencing universal mina, by experiencing calm, nonanthropocentric,
transcendent consciousness, free of the constrictions of linear space-time, of
thought, of perception, of ego, one becomes very familiar with just pure
consciousness and therefore establishes the ultimate basis for a relationship with
nonhuman, conscious life forms. Because no matter how diverse they may be,
they are conscious, and as such are one with you on that basis. In addition,
some of the unusual manifestations of these extraterrestrial life forms, which
could be startling to humans, is tempered by the experience of unbounded mind,
because of its universality and because it establishes the individual in a state that
is quite beyond fear and other linear interferences, it serves as a very important
way for the individual and the group to function in a calm and coherent way while
the extraterrestrial spacecraft is landing or during an onboard meeting.
The experience of universal mind is really the great prerequisite of an
ambassador to the universe because by relating to universal mind the individual
becomes comfortable with every universal life form, which is conscious just as
you are.
Each individual should learn a technique of meditation which enables them to
comfortably and easily experience unbounded, nonlinear mind, so that the
coherent thought sequencing is done effortlessly from that launching point, as it
were, of nonlocality and nonlinear mind.
The following is a sample guided meditation, at the end of which it will be
stated that the meditation segment is over and that we will then begin the
CTS.
Sit quietly in a comfortable position.
Take a few cleansing deep breaths - in and out. As you exhale, release all your
anxieties and tensions, and concerns. As you breathe in deeply, breathe in
peace and silence. Do this several times. Allow yourself to feel deeply
relaxed...deeply silent. Relax the muscles of your feet, your calves, your thigh,
your back and abdomen, your shoulders and arms, your neck, and your head.
Become aware of the body relaxing, being very comfortable, and quiet.
Now, sitting quietly in a comfortable and relaxed state, allow yourself to become
gently aware of awareness. Allow yourself to become deeply centered, deeply
aware, of just pure, silent awakeness - that silent awareness whereby you are
awake, conscious. As you become aware of awareness, allow yourself to
perceive the sounds around you. As you perceive those sounds, become aware
of that awakeness whereby the sounds are perceived. See that that awareness -
that pure, silent consciousness - is unbounded, silent. It is not the perception of
the sound, but it is that whereby you can perceive. It is gentle, silent, unbounded,
awakeness. It is deep, and it is peacetul.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2919, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Now become aware of your thoughts. You may send a thought to a loved one,
expressing love to them, or you may simply watch the thoughts which
spontaneously arise in your mind. As you perceive these thoughts, do not push
them out of your mind but allow yourself to become gently aware of that deep
awareness, that wakefulness, that pure consciousness whereby you may
perceive your thoughts. This awakeness is transcendent to the thought and is
that whereby you may perceive your thoughts. It is deep, unbounded, pure
consciousness. Become aware of this awareness and become deeply immersed
in its endless silence and its unbounded state.
Now become aware of yourself - your individuality - your ego. See that it is a
unique individuality and, like a snowflake, there is none other like it in the
universe. Now become aware of that silent awakenesss whereby you can
perceive your own self - this pure, silent awakeness, this consciousness, this
pure spirit. It is that universal consciousness whereby you can perceive your own
self. It illuminates every other individual in the universe. It is that awakeness
whereby you are awake at this moment. See this awakeness in its unbounded
state, beyond space and time and yet at every point in space and time. It is
omnipresent - it is eternal. See this pure consciousness shining through every
individual in your group. See it expanding throughout the area where you are
located, sweeping over the land, through the Earth, and into the sky - encircling
the globe. All of this is awake. The planet Earth is conscious and awake, even as
you are awake. This awakeness, this pure consciousness, is unbounded - it is
infinite.
Now see this pure consciousness expanding into deep space, embracing our
solar system, filling interstellar space with this awakeness, encompassing the
entire Milky Way galaxy - its beautiful spiral arms shining in a sea of pure
awakeness, pure consciousness. And then, expanding into intergalactic space,
embracing the billions of galaxies, and then infinitely at every point in time and
space, embracing the entire universe which is awake, conscious, silent - even as
you are awake, and conscious, and silent.
Now, take a moment - a few moments - to sit silently, reflecting in this
unbounded, conscious mind. Should a thought or sensation or perception arise,
acknowledge it and then let it go, and then return to this silent, unbounded, pure
consciousness. Sit silently for a moment in that unbounded state.
Now, while established in that pure state of unbounded mind, being deeply aware
of consciousness, pure mind, infinite silence - awaken to deep space. If you seen
an extraterrestrial civilization or spacecraft or individual, acknowledge them -
convey your sense of oneness in this universal mind with them, and invite them
to come to the place where you are located and to interact with your team if it
safe and appropriate for them to do so.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2451, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Show these life forms - convey to them clearly, through coherent thought
sequencing - which begins now - your exact location. Show them, by remote
viewing deep space, the beautiful Milky Way galaxy and, on one of the outer
spiral arms is a star - the Sun. Drawing closer to that star, there is the solar
system with the planets - Mercury, Venus, the Earth with her moon, Mars,
Jupiter, and the outer planets, all swimming in a sea of pure unbounded,
consciousness.
Show them the Earth - a beautiful blue orb shining in space - and as you draw
near, show them the continent where you are located. If it is night on that
continent, show them the continent and the cities illuminated by lights. Then as
you draw nearer to the Earth, show them the area of the continent where you are
located. Drawing closer still, the exact and specific site where your research
team is working.
Convey to them very specifically this information: the number of team members,
the lights which will be used on site, the tones, and the other specifics of the
research team.
Continuously, return to deep space, the Milky Way, the solar system, the third
planet from the Sun - the Earth, the continent where you are located, the region,
and the specific site. Repeat this process in a comfortable and easy fashion and
if at any point you are distracted, return to silence and access that pure, silent,
awakeness and then see that that awakeness is in deep space, and is
omnipresent. Only at that point, then, return to the coherent thought sequencing.
At all times, should you see through this nonlinear mind an ET spacecraft or
people, respectfully convey to them your sense of oneness with them and your
intent to communicate and interact with them in a peaceful manner and in a way
which will benefit life on Earth and life in the cosmos. Then, specifically, convey
to them your location.
In the silence of deep mind you may perceive any point in the universe, because
this consciousness is a pure awakeness whereby you are awake. It is beyond
space and time, it is nonlinear and every point in space and time can be
accessed through this awakeness. Know this and then access deep space.
This deep, silent, pure mind is the basis for communication with extraterrestrial
life forms. See that it is the foundation for interplanetary unity and know that we
are truly one people inhabiting one universe.
************************************************************************
