{"created_utc": "2026-08-27T11:00:52Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 176295, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18617-witness-overview.pdf", "source_sha256": "35269fefc9ea34d3214521a0fc2151a638b494b679dedbd3a0a09f0d9aa03ba9"}

The Greatest Secret in Modern History
           UFOs and a Solution to the Environmental and Energy Crisis

The Cover-up: UFOs
Mercury & Gemini Astronaut, Colonel Gordon Cooper
A saucer flew right over [us], put down three landing gears, and landed out on the dry lakebed. [The cameramen] went out there with
their cameras towards the UFO….I had a chance to hold [the film] up to the window. Good close-up shots. There was no doubt in
my mind that it was made someplace other than on this earth.—Video interview. Transcribed in Disclosure, Steven M. Greer, MD., ed.,
pp. 226-227. See also Gordon Cooper & Bruce Henderson, Leap of Faith: an Astronaut’s Journey into the Unknown, pp. 80-91, 194 - 200.

FAA Division Chief of Accidents and Investigations, John Callahan
The UFO was bouncing around the 747. [It] was a huge ball with lights running around it….Well, I’ve been involved in a lot of cover-
ups with the FAA. When we gave the presentation to the Reagan staff, they had all those people swear that this never happened.
But they never had me swear it never happened. I can tell you what I’ve seen with my own eyes. I’ve got a videotape. I’ve got the
voice tape. I’ve got the reports that were filed that will confirm what I’ve been telling you.—Video interview and Disclosure, pp. 80 - 85.

Former Chief of Defense, British Royal Navy, Admiral Lord Hill-Norton
I have frequently been asked why a person of my background—a former Chief of the Defense Staff, a former Chairman of the NATO
Military Committee—why I think there is a cover-up [of] the facts about UFOs. I believe governments fear that if they did disclose
those facts, people would panic. I don’t believe that at all. There is a serious possibility that we are being visited by people from outer
space. It behooves us to find out who they are, where they come from, and what they want.—Video and Disclosure, pp. 305 - 307.

Former Director of CIA, Vice Admiral R.H. Hillenkoetter
It is time for the truth to be brought out in open Congressional hearings. Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are
soberly concerned about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying
objects are nonsense. To hide the facts, the Air Force has silenced its personnel.—The New York Times, Sunday, February 28, 1960:
“Air Force Order on ‘Saucers’ Cited,” p. L30. See also Disclosure, p. 58.

US Navy Pilot, Lieutenant Frederick Fox
There is a [military] publication called JANAP 146E that has a section that says you will not reveal any information regarding the UFO
phenomenon under penalty of $10,000 fine and ten years in jail. So the secret has been kept.—Disclosure, pp. 145, 146.

Marine Corps, Corporal Jonathan Weygandt
[The UFO] was buried in the side of a cliff. When I first saw it, I was scared. I think the creatures calmed me….[Later] I was arrested
[by an Air Force officer]. He was saying, “Do you like the Constitution?” I’m like, “Yeah.” He said, “We don’t obey. We just do what
we want. And if you tell anybody [about us or the UFO], you will just come up missing.”—Video and Disclosure, pp. 275 - 277.

UFO Message: Don’t Mess With Nuclear Weapons
US Air Force, FAA, Captain Robert Salas
[The security guard called and] said, “Sir, there’s a glowing red object hovering right outside the front gate. I’ve got all the men out
here with their weapons drawn.” We lost between 16 to 18 ICBMs [nuclear-tipped InterContinental Ballistic Missiles] at the same
time UFOs were in the area….[A high-ranking Air Force Officer] said, “Stop the investigation; do no more on this and do not write a
final report.” I heard that many of the guards that reported this incident were sent off to Viet Nam.—Video and Disclosure, pp. 168-171.

US Air Force Lieutenant, Professor Robert Jacobs
So this thing [UFO] fires a beam of light at the warhead, hits it and then it moves to the other side and fires another beam of light.
And the warhead tumbles out of space. What message would I interpret from that? [The UFOs were telling us] don’t mess with
nuclear warheads. Major Mannsman said, “You are never to speak of this again.” After an article [about the incident years later],
people would call and start screaming at me. One night somebody blew up my mailbox.—Video and Disclosure, pp. 184, 187.

For full story see book Disclosure and witness videos at www.disclosureproject.org.
  Disclosure Project has over 400 government and military witnesses prepared to testify on this subject.
More Cover-up: Advanced Technologies Developed from UFOs
Russian Air Force, Space Communications Center, General Vasily Alexeyev
As a rule, [places where UFOs appear] are objects of strategic significance….[The Air Force] came up with a table with pictures of all
the shapes of UFOs that had ever been recorded—about fifty—ranging from ellipses and spheres to something resembling
spaceships….The study of UFOs may reveal some new forms of energy to us, or at least bring us closer to a solution.—pp. 345–347.

US Army, General Stephen Lovekin
Colonel Holomon brought out a piece of what appeared to be metallic debris. He went on to explain that this was material that had
come from a New Mexico crash in 1947 of an extraterrestrial craft, and that was discussed at length….I got an opportunity to travel
with the President [Eisenhower]. He was very, very interested in what made [the UFOs] go. But what happened was that
Eisenhower got sold out. He realized that he was losing control of the UFO subject. He realized that the [study of these
technologies] was not going to be in the best hands. That was a real concern.—Video interview and Disclosure, pp. 230 - 236.

US Air Force, Aerospace Illustrator, Mark McCandlish
This [US made] antigravity propulsion system—this flying saucer—was one of three that were in this hangar at Norton Air Force
Base. They called [it] the Alien Reproduction Vehicle [ARV], also nicknamed the Flux Liner.—Disclosure, p. 501.

US Marine Corps, Captain Bill Uhouse
The [flight] simulator was for the extraterrestrial craft they had—a 30 meter one that crashed in Kingman, Arizona, back in 1953.
I was inside the actual alien craft for a start-up....There are probably two or three dozen [ARVs] that we built.—Disclosure, pp. 384, 385.

US Air Force, NRO Operative, Sergeant Dan Morris
UFOs are both extraterrestrial and manmade….It’s not that our government doesn’t want us to know that there are other people on
other planets. What the people in power don’t want us to know is that this free energy [from energy generators developed with UFO
technology] is available to everybody. So secrecy about the UFOs is because of the energy issue. When this knowledge is found
out by the people, they will demand that our government release this technology, and it will change the world.—Disclosure, pp. 364.

US Air Force, Colonel Charles Brown
I was getting 20 to 30% improvement in efficiency on an internal combustion engine. I sponsored the US Army race team on a
racing car, [and] we won a race. [Then] the Federal Trade Commission performed an illegal act. I lost my vehicle, about $100,000
worth of equipment, and a test vehicle was stolen….So in three weeks, psychologically I was wiped out.—Disclosure, pp. 247 - 251.

US Army, Ph.D. in Nuclear Engineering, Colonel Thomas E. Bearden
Probably 50 inventors have invented [virtually cost-free energy systems]. If we use these systems, we can clean up this biosphere.
But, what we have is a situation where the entire structure of science, industry, and the patent office are against you. And behind
this, we have a few people who are quite wealthy. The more powerful the agency, the more they will resort not only to legal, but to
extra-legal means to suppress their competition. Lethal force is used.—Disclosure, pp. 534 – 542. See also www.cheniere.org.

The Grand War Plan: It’s All Based on a Lie
Corporate Manager of Fairchild Industries, Spokesperson for Wernher Von Braun, Dr. Carol Rosin
Von Braun [founder of modern rocket science] told me [in 1974] that the reasons for space-based weaponry were all based on a lie.
He said that the strategy was to use scare tactics—that first the Russians, then the terrorists are going to be considered the enemy.
The next enemy was asteroids. “The last card is the alien card. We are going to have to build space-based weapons against aliens,
and all of it is a lie.”….I was at a meeting in Fairchild Industries in the War Room. The conversation [was] about how they were going
to antagonize these enemies and at some point, there was going to be a Gulf War. Now this is 1977!—Video, Disclosure, pp. 255-259.

Disclosure Project, Founder and Director, Steven M. Greer, M.D.
The situation is so dire that senior Joint Chiefs of Staff leaders in the Pentagon who I have briefed, have no more access to such
projects than any other civilian—unless they are on the ‘inside.’ The government is really quite outside the loop. We have insiders
and scientists who can prove that we do in fact possess energy generation systems capable of completely and permanently
replacing all forms of currently used energy generation and transportation systems. Every single person who is concerned about the
environment and the human future should call for urgent hearings to allow these technologies to be disclosed, declassified, and
safely applied.—Disclosure, pp. 14, 15, 567. See also Dr. Greer’s websites at www.disclosureproject.org, and www.seaspower.com.

For full story see book Disclosure and witness videos at www.disclosureproject.org.
  Feel free to copy and share this with any and all who might be interested. Help us to change the world.
