{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:08:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 137, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 748695, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18627-energy-suppression-gary-v.pdf", "source_sha256": "1db5e2a6fea3b9daa1a2c166373fd944dc8a27702fc37f487ef683de654fa0ad"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 540, "chars": 3942, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENERGY INVENTIon SuPpressIon CASEs
Compiled by Gary Vesperman with the help of numerous contributors
Introduction
In their ettorts to improve the well-being of their tellow humans, inventors often sutter poverty,
slander, and suppression. Inventors of energy devices in particular have been threatened by large energy
corporations who are allied with the United States Government and seek to enslave people in subtle ways.
The tactics used against energy inventors include "legal" imprisonment on false charges, harassment by
the IRS, and outright criminal death threats, beatings, bribery, burglary, vandalism, and arson. At least a
few inventors have been murdered if they were not dissuaded by other means.
Sometimes, however, alleged energy inventions actually have been scams, or were testea
incorrectly, and their inventors then claimed to be victims of a conspiracy. Many inventors merely have
been ignorant of the laws of nature - the history of "perpetual motion machines
"provides ample proof of
that fact. Many otherwise brilliant inventors have been poor businessmen who signed defective contracts
or whose personalities prevented successful negotiations. Some have failed to persevere: it can take
decades to bring an invention to the marketplace, and the vicissitudes of lite intertered with their plans.
Others unfortunately died of natural causes before they achieved success.
Adding to the practical ditticulties of
before been i ought or testing prototypes of some of these emergent enterns can be but ting dee a
weird quick of nature. Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D., reports that certain types of energy inventions interaci
with their local vacuums. Thus their coetticient of pertormance can vary trom place to place, due to the
İncap liably qui ate veing moved to another locald produce over-unity energy in one location; then
Dr. Bill Tiller, former head of the Materials Science Department of Stantord University, developed
a unique detector which required that he "grow" its proper pattern in the local vacuum interaction
environment. Experimental results from the detector helped Bearden understand changes in interaction
between a local vacuum and a novel machine.
All too many times, however, the conspiracy to suppress new energy inventions has been very real.
For energy invention suppression updates, see http://www.energysuppression.com.
Energy Invention Suppression Case Statistics
Number of Energy Invention Suppression Incidents - 95
Number of Dead, Missing, or Injured Energy Inventors, Activists, and Associates - 20
Number of Energy Inventors and Associates Threatened with Death - 32
Number of Energy Researchers and Associates Imprisoned or Falsely Charged - 5
Number of Incidents of Energy Invention Suppression by the United States Government, Patent Office,
Central Intelligence Agency, Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Marshals, Army, Air Force,
Navy, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, Defense Intelligence Agency, S.W.A.T. Teams,
National Security Agency, U.S. Postal Service, Department of Energy, Department of State,
Securities and Exchange Commission, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Defense,
Department of Homeland Security, Internal Revenue Service, Rural Electrification
Administration,
White House, Consumer Product Safety Commission, Small Business Administration, and
Canada's Royal Canadian Mounted Police - 59
Number of Inventions Classified Secret by U.S. Patent Office - 5000
Number of Incidents Involving Oil Companies - 9
Names of Companies, Banks, State Agencies, Private Groups, and Universities Involved with Energy
Invention Suppression - Standard Oil, Zapata Petroleum, Atlantic Richfield, Exxon-Mobile,
Shell Oil Company, General Electric Company, Yakuza, California Air Resources Board,
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, Wells Fargo Bank, Ford Motor Company,
General Motors Corporation, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Queen of England,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 15, "chars": 126, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Kollmorgan, World Bank, Rockefellers, Carlyle Group, and Bush Family

Energy Invention Suppression Cases ll September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 139, "chars": 1201, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Title
Page
Nikola Tesla: Wireless Power and Free Energy from Ambient.
....1
Robert Golka: High-Powered Tesla-Type Energy Tower...
.1
Bruce DePalma: N-1 Homopolar Generator
1
??????: Mixed Chemical Stone .......
.2
Andrija Puharich: Method and Apparatus for Splitting Water Molecules .
..2
Neil Schmidt: Hydraulic Wind Turbine
4
United Nuclear: Hydrogen Fuel System Kit
4
Daniel Dingel: Converts More than 100 Cars to Run on Water..
• 6
Ken Rasmussen: Water-to-Energy Electrolysis Process
8
Bob Boyce: Brown's Gas Carburetor
8
Stanley A. Meyer: Water Fuel Cell-Powered Car.
..10
Frank Roberts: Water Car..
12
Andrew Leech (Reporter): Suspicious Deaths of Inventors in Australia
13
Gerald Schaflander: Solar-Produced Hydrogen Turned into Liquid Hy-Fuel........ 13
John Andrews: Water-to-Gasoline Additive
14
Phil Stone: Engine Runs on Water ..
..14
Bill Williams: Joe Cell-Powered Truck
14
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D.: Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
.15
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D. (Reporter): J.P. Morgan Emasculated Electrical
Engineering Theory..
17
Frank Richardson: Magnetic Electrical Generator and Bladeless Steam Turbine 23
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 1309, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): Energy Inventors are Buzzed by Black Helicopters 24
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): Shielding Over-Unity Power Converters.
Ph.D. Electrical Engineer: Advanced Form of Plasma-Discharge Energy.
..27
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): Six CIA Agents at 1996 Tesla Society Symposium. 28
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): US versus Japanese Support of Cold Fusion
...28
Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischman: Cold Fusion
28
Mitchell Swartz: U.S. Patent Office Blocks Cold Fusion Patents.
29
Robert Bass: Low-Energy Nuclear Transmutation ..
30
Bob Dratch: Thorium Powerpack…....
32
IPMS: Thorium-227 Electricity Generator
34
Howard Rory Johnson: Magnatron - Light-Activated Cold Fusion Magnetic Motor34
Howard R. Johnson: Permanent Magnet Motor ..
. 38
Stewart Harris: Theory of Magnetic Instability
42
Lester J. Hendershot: Hendershot Magnetic Motor.
43
James Watson: 8-Kilowatt Battery-Popper Motor..
43
Hitachi Magnetics Corporation: Magnet Motor.
45
Floyd Sweet: Vacuum Triode Amplifier..
..45
John Bedini: 'School Girl' Motor and Battery Energizer .
45
Two Inventors: Model T Ford Generator with Magnets Added
46
Yasunori Takahashi: Magnetic Wankel Motor.
46
Teruo Kawai: Motive Power Generating Device ..
47
Johan Grander: Magnetic Motor ......
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
47
iii
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 1187, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IPMS-Kiev and Arzamas-16: Super Magnets
47
General Motors Corporation: EV-1 Electric Car ..
48
IPMS: Energy Storage/Battery Devices.
50
IPMS: High-Temperature Gas Plasma Detonator
58
Remy Chevalier (Reporter): NiMH Batteries; Solid-State Lithium-lon Batteries .... 60
Paul M. Lewis: Airmobile ...
61
Joel McClain and Norman Wooten: Magnetic Resonance Amplifier..
61
Al Wordsworth: Electrical Generator and Advanced Carburetor .
62
John Richardson: 90+ MPG Carburetor; Atomic Isotope Generator.
62
Fish/Kendig: Variable Venturi Carburetor.
62
Dick Belland: 100 MPG Carburetor that Runs on Gasoline Fumes .
62
Ron Brandt: 90 MPG Carburetor....
63
Welton Myers: Myers' Efficient Carburetor.
63
George Wiseman: Fuel Savers.........
64
Tom Ogle: 100+ MPG Oglemobile ....
66
Charles N. Pogue: 200+ MPG Carburetor.
66
Allen Caggiano: 100+ MPG Fuel Implosion Vaporization System
68
William Bolon: Automobile Steam Engine.
..71
Shell Oil Company: Achieves 376.59 MPG with a Modified 1959 Opel in 1973.
Honda: 60 MPG 1992-1994 Honda Civic VX
72
IPMS-Chernovitsky: Super Ceramics ..
72
Stefan Marinov: Magnetic Vortex Hyper-lonization Device
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
73
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 1244, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bob Aldrich (Reporter): Vibrating Energy Source.
75
Dennis Lee: Freon-Based Low-Temperature Phase-Change Engine.
75
Robert Stewart: Stewart Cycle Heat Engine ..
75
Jim Powell (Reporter): Flywheel/Dual Hydraulic Cylinder
..75
Christopher Bird/Walter (Reporter): Energy Suppression - An Invisible Galaxy of
Inventions..
..78
IPMS: Micro-Channels and Filters ...
.78
Viktor Schauberger: Jet-Turbine.....
...79
Canadian Scientist: Standalone Water-Based Electricity Generator ..
80
Brazil: Ethanol Produced from Sugar Cane
80
David Crockett Williams (Reporter): Non-Drug Industrial Hemp as Bio-Fuel
82
Dean Warwick: Ampliflaire Efficient Wood-Burning Stove
84
Idaho Inventor: Advanced Zero-Point Energy Device
84
Grant Hudlow: Method of Converting Garbage and Tires to Gasoline, Etc.
. 85
Joseph Newman: Energy Machine ..
85
Bill Jenkins (Reporter): Free Energy Machine.
85
Volcheck: Engine Powered by Gas with Unusual Expansion Properties .
86
Gianni A. Dotto: Anti-Aging and Anti-Gravity Thermionic Couple.
86
IPMS: Thermal Electric Cooling Devices .
86
Bob Lantz: Lantz Water and Power System
87
Dr. Timothy Trapp: 127 Energy Technologies.
89
Richard Diggs: Liquid Electricity Engine ..
90
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
V
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 1291, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
David G. Yurth (Reporter): Remediating Nuclear Waste Materials.
90
Paul Brown: Hyper-Cap E-Converter.
.92
Ira Einhorn: Free Energy and Mind Control Researcher
92
Thomas Henry Moray: Radiant Energy Pump/Electricity Generator.
93
Walter Rosenthal (Reporter): Small Electrical Power Converter ..
97
Joseph C. Yater: Heat-to-Electricity Converter
98
Adam Trombly: Trombly-Kahn Closed-Path Homopolar Generator
98
Adam Trombly: Trombly-Farnsworth Solid-State Oscillating EM System
98
Gary Vesperman: My Car was Fire Bombed July 3, 2006.
. 101
Adam Trombly (Interview): The Truth about Zero Point Technology
.. 102
Adam Trombly (Speech): Climate Change Factors, Ozone Layer Crisis, and Zero
Point Energy Technologies...
112
Em-Tech Technologies: Advanced Solar Photo-Voltaic Crystal Lattice Cells .... 122
Marshall Douglass Smith (Author): The Rise of Fascism in the American Energy
Business.
125
U.S. Patent Office Holds Secret 5000 Patents
. 126
Text of Generic Patent Secrecy Order.
.. 127
US Congress: Energy Inventor Protection and Patent Declassification Act.
..127
Wilhelm Riech: Orgone Energy Motor..
.. 128
Bruce DePalma (Interview): A Peaceful Revolution Against Energy Oppression129
How to Stop Energy Invention Suppression
.. 129
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
vi
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4617, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nikola Tesla: Wireless Power and Free Energy from Ambient
Nikola Tesla invented the alternating current electrical system we use today, and dozens of other
technologies. Many of his other inventions are fundamental to the modern electrical world. The US Patent
Office has 1,200 patents from Tesla, and it is estimated that he could have patented an additional 1,000 or
so inventions trom memory! Nikola lesla was undoubtedly one of the greatest scientists who ever lived.
' built in 1895 at Wardencliff on New York's Long Island, has
been suppressed (largely by ignoring and disdaining it), but in recent years it has received new attention
for its potential to power civilization with radio-broadcast electricity, possibly even without fuel. The
project was financed by John Pierpont Morgan. But Tesla was not an astute business man, and he affectec
a disdain for money. It is popularly believed that when J.P. Morgan learned that Tesla's system woulc
provide free energy, he stopped funding the work. As reported by Robert Nelson, (see his comprehensive
energy inventions web site www.rexresearch.com) the fact of the matter is that, rather than arranging a
comprehensive financial agreement for development of the system, Tesla simply dunned Morgan for
relatively small sums of money at regular intervals. The personal nature of their financial relationship is
evident to anyone who takes the time to read Tesla's correspondence with Morgan (not an easy task, as
Tesla's handwriting is difficult to read). For more history, see Leslie R. Pastor's Introduction in
http://pesw1k1.com/index.php/Site:LRP:Motionless_Electromagnetic_Generator. Lesla also built and drove
a Pierce-Arrow car during the 1930's which ran on a free energy device without refueling.
Benjamin Fulford in a stunning early July 2007 interview by Jeff Rense (see interview transcript in
ittp://bellaciao.org/en/article.php3?id_article=15376) claimed that his great-grandfather George Tayloı
ulford was one of the richest men in the world. He also was the largest stockholder in General Electric
When he learned J.P. Morgan had abruptly backed out of supporting Tesla, Mr. Fulford pressured General
¿lectric to step in. He was going to finance Nikola Tesla, but he was murdered by the Rockefellers 11
905. It was made to look like a car accident. And the familv fortune was stolen bv the Rockefellers
Benjamin Fulford's grandfather was only three years old at the time. His grandfather didn't know how to
suspend his assets.
After Morgan died, his heirs and managers, who did not have a working relationship with Tesla,
stopped supporting construction of the transmitter. The tower was demolished during World War II,
allegedly because it could serve as a landmark for German submarines. Some modern conspiracy theorists
have claimed that it was destroyed in order to suppress the technology. Perhaps so, but in any case, now
we sutter with a monstrous grid system that is controlled at many levels, rather than enjoying the energy
freedom Tesla had envisioned.
In a speech presented in 1988 on the subject of "Climate Change Factors, Ozone Layer Crisis, and
Zero Point Energy Technologies" (see below for complete text) Adam Trombly reported information
from a contact that Tesla was poisoned and died in 1943 the night before he was scheduled to go to
Washington, DC to meet with President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Tesla had intended to propose to
Roosevelt that perhaps we should look carefully at the fact that we can get all the energy we need from
any space we happen to be in. The U.S. Government's federal Bureau of Investigation contiscated two
truckloads of Tesla's written work after his death, much of which remains classified.
Robert Golka: High-Powered Tesla-Type Energy Tower
In 1981 in Wendover, UT, Robert Golka, a well-known Tesla researcher, was victimized by an
attack on his workshop which has, for years, been in a deactivated Air Force hanger. His high-powered
energy tower outside the hanger was partially destroyed. A witness said insulators and sections of the
tower were laying around the base. In the meantime the rent on the Air Force hanger has been raised 1000
percent. These new difficulties now threaten to bring an end to his research with Tesla devices. (Source:
tttp://pesw1k1.com/energy/Directory:suppression)
Bruce DePalma: N-1 Homopolar Generator
Harvard-educated Bruce DePalma, whọ taught physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
prototype sat in his garage. It could power his whole house. But DePalma was afraid to turn it on for fear
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
1
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3881, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In early November 1980, the night before Bruce DePalma was scheduled to leave for Germany to
be the featured presenter at Hans Nieper's Gravity Field Energy Conference in Hanover Germany,
DePalma got a phone call from US astronaut Edgar Mitchell claiming "The CIA has information to the
effect that if you go to Germany you will not be coming back. And you better watch out what you do
there in Santa Barbara, or you might get your head blown off." Mitchell was "best friends with George
H. W. Bush" - at that time directing the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). DePalma eventually left
the USA to live in New Zealand.
(richei on the wildly of the ravention, and the forced impisonment of Defamas chief backer
article "Bush Senior Early CIA Ties Revealed" in http://www.truthout.org/docs 2006/010907P.shtml (9
say, apa Per em as said in as by on tens in homas. bene real oil
Devine and Bush visited Saigon early January 1968 shortly before the North Vietnamese launched
their Tet offensive. Marshall Douglass Smith in his book Black Gold Hot Gold -The Rise of Fascism in
the American Energy Business (see below) exposes how the war in Vietnam was not allowed to end until
the very day that Standard Oil had completed using the US Navy to explore Vietnam's off-shore oil fields
for ten bloody years at nearly no expense to the company. The war was needlessly prolonged by months
of silly wrangling over the shape of the Paris peace negotiation table, and by Henry Kissinger's
??????: Mixed Chemical Stone
A mixed chemical stone was found in England and secretized by the Queen. It generated its own
electrical sparks. This material appears to be a version of rocks which self-generate voltages such as those
researched by John Hutchison, Thomas Henry Moray (see below), and Thomas Townsend Brown. The
Queen's holdings are so extensive that it may be that she was not personally involved or even aware of
the stone. The Queen may not have very much scientific understanding anyway.
April 7, 2006 Wells Fargo Bank announced they finally invested $5 million of the $1 billion
intended for renewable energy. Where did they invest? In a mutual fund: Carlyle/Riverstone Renewable
, Limited Partnership. Funny thing, who are the 3 largest stockholders of
Carlyle Group? The answer in order of largest percentage owned: (Source: Al Martin)
1. The Queen of England
. Bush Family
3. Bin Laden Family
President George W. Bush's brothers Neil and Marvin Bush might be among the secret leaders of
ongoing viciously thorough energy invention suppression. See http://www.nogw.com/shadow.html.
Andrija Puharich: Method and Apparatus for Splitting Water Molecules
One of the more interesting research projects in which energy researcher Leslie R. Pastor personally
got involved with has been research involving 'water as fuel' dynamics. From the time of Jules Verne to
hesire in welerns fuet at water can be disassociated, and Separated to listen demoles t
hydrogen and oxygen. With the use of electrolysis, water is easily disassociated, giving off its properties,
in the form of useful gases, but, in very limited quantities, depending upon the amount of current directly
used to accomplish its disassociation. From Brown's (Rhodes) gas to 4-space, water is indeed mysterious,
ultimately remaining the focus of countless experimenters and practitioners. And still it remains elusive
just out of the reach of useful usage. Or has it?
Several recent experiments involving a variety of 'water as fuel' derivatives have ultimately
surfaced, strongly indicating that 'hydrogen' based 'energy' structuring is fundamentally possible and will
ultimately provide a means at accomplishing a very serious alternative to so-called 'fossil fuel'
technologies. What remains to be seen, is whether the existing superstructure involving the monopolistic
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
2
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 227, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
cartels of “global big oil” and “international nuclear-based companies” will allow any advancement
towards ‘market’ restructuring, without their approval and cooperation.

Energy Invention Suppression Cases 3 September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 4312, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
both othese lacaos to Crated build a seror dr to ty dudle reactors capable of providial of
'electricity' and 'hydrogen' production derived from this combination, precluding any attempt to escape
from their monopolistic designs of enforcing their 'control' paradigm.
The suppression of 'water as fuel' technologies invented by small independent inventors, therefore,
takes on signiticance, since this would prevent further monopolistic dominance by the existing cartels,
already dominating the existing 'energy' field.
Andrija Puharich (see http://www.andrijapuharich.org/) was granted U.S. Patent No. 4,394,230 for a
"Method and Apparatus for Splitting Water Molecules." This method would reportedly split water
molecules into hydrogen and oxygen with a net energy gain, and is essentially a perpetual energy device
that many believe violates the first law of thermodynamics. Puharich was a very interesting gentleman,
with friends in very high places, and led a very dynamic life, incorporating both, style and access, to some
of the most powerful components of the political spectrum internationally. Puharich, being a friend of R.
Rockefeller, Ultimately necessitating him to seek propation from another friend, the [then Mexicar
Rocketeller, ultimately necessitating
President. Puharich capitulated, acquiescing to Mr. Rockefeller's demands, promising not to engage in
further 'water as fuel'
research, thereby, stopping all attempts at his sanctioned assassination by the U.S.
Government's CIA.
http://www.rexresearch.com/puharich/lpuhar.htm
http://waterpoweredcar.com/puharich.html
http://www.zpenergy.com/modules.php?name-News&file=article&sid=1191
http://www.angelfire.com/ak5/energy21/puharich.htm
http://www.keelynet.com/keely/puhal.txt
http://www.wasserauto.de/html/more_cars_.html
http://www.freie-energie.net/index/freie_energie/wasserautos/wasserautos.htm
Pastor mentions Puharich, in his initial introductory statement, because of Puharich's direct
relationship within the most significant references of power politics. Puharich was well connected, and
respected within the most elite of global society. He was known academically, and internationally among
the power elite. He therefore was a significant threat to those special interests involving a direct influence
regarding energy sources as fuel derivitives. And his use of 'water as fuel' was a direct threat to one of the
nost powertul tamilies on planet Earth. Puharich had to personally assure the Kocketeller tamıly that he
Neil Schmidt: Hydraulic Wind Turbine
Neil Schmidt stopped in Gary Vesperman's office 12 May 1995 to discuss his invention of a
lydraulic wind turbine. Schmidt had lived in Las Vegas for seven years. Nine years previous when he was
iving in the Seattle area, he went into a federal Small Business Administration office to apply for
financial aid. The following day, he received a telephone call and was told it wouldn't work and not to
other with it. He had provided the SBA office hardly more than a sketch so a hot argument eruptec
which lasted a half hour. The man ended up hinting death to Schmidt if he didn't stop working on his
invention. A couple of days later, Schmidt went back to the SBA office and walked around unsuccessfully
trying to identify the voice he had heard on the telephone.
Neil Schmidt also has heard that another energy inventor living near his Washington residence had
been shot in the head and blinded.
United Nuclear: Hydrogen Fuel System Kit
The United Nuclear Hydrogen Fuel System Kit converts late-model fuel-injected gasoline-powerec
vehicles to run on hydrogen. In addition to specific complete kits that are planned to soon be available for
specific late-model cars and trucks, individual system components will be available for those who choose
to assemble their own kits.
Included in the kits (and also available separately) is the company's either solar or wind turbine-
bowered hydrogen generator that remains in the vehicle owner's garage. The hydrogen generator
manufactures the hydrogen fuel for the vehicle at virtually zero cost. Simply put, the vehicle's owner
never would have to buy gasoline again. Since there are no major changes made to the engine, a converted
vehicle can still run on gasoline at any time.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
4
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 4215, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Powering a vehicle by hydrogen is by no means a new idea, and in fact, almost all automobile
Biere o run the frie mo. ring come poes it els he new airs conver he or
stored hydrogen on board, and the oxygen in the air, directly into electricity to power their electric motors.
These new hydrogen powered electric vehicles are very etticient, and in fact are more etticient than any
internal combustion engine. The problem is that these new vehicles are years away from production, are
very expensive, and converting to using hydrogen fuel in this manner requires the purchase of a new (and
expensive) vehıcle. All hydrogen/tuel cell systems currently under development by large manutacturers
require the purchase of hydrogen as would be for gasoline.
The United Nuclear Hydrogen Fuel System Kit is an intermediate approach that simply converts
existing vehicles to burn hydrogen or gasoline. The stock gasoline fuel injection system remains intact
and is not moditied in any way. It is shut down while the hydrogen tuel system is activated. The company
reportedly operates two test vehicles for which gasoline haven't been bought for two years.
The hydrogen gas is precisely metered into the air intake of the engine while the exhaust gasses are
continuously analyzed for correct burn ratio. This allows the driver to switch between running on gasoline
or hydrogen at any time. The engine itself is only slightly modified. The conversion makes substantial
changes to the computer & electrical system, ignition and cooling systems. Since they never have to be
removed, hydrogen fuel storage (hydride tanks) can be installed in virtually any available space within the
Due to the fact that hydrogen gas burns so much faster than gasoline, engines with compression
atios greater than 9.S to 1 are very susceptible to damaging pre-detonation (engine knock). For this
reason, hydrogen conversions are not recommended for vehicles with turbochargers, superchargers, or
compression ratios greater than y.J to 1. Also, because of the higher compression, ditterent ignition
system, and host of other factors, the Hydrogen Fuel System will not work on diesel engines.
One cousehold clyder. if the eatericity is he rely tem solar here wind oner the
energy cost is zero. Electricity can be produced by Neil Schmidt's hydraulic wind turbine (see above), or
by a number of other wind generators such as Number 47 of http://iiic.de/4643.html which is a combined
solar/wind electricity generator.
The most productive solar photo-voltaic cell seems to be the Soviet-developed high-etticiency
crystal lattice solar photo-voltaic cells described below.
Las Vegas inventor Jeff Prescott invented a method of generating hydrogen by concentrating solar
rays to heat pure iron in the presence of water. The iron oxide byproduct can be solă for paint and other
uses. Questions remain as to the overall energy efficiency of his process, particularly in regard to refining
and transporting the pure iron.
It does, however, take a substantial amount of time to produce sufficient hydrogen to fill even a
small tank. As an example, it takes over 2 days of the company's hydrogen generator running at full
power, 24 hours a day, to fill its smallest "short range" tank
The tanks are filled with granulated hydrides which absorb hydrogen like a sponge absorbs water
Hydrogen is pressurized into the material. Hydrides have many advantages over ultra-cold liquid or
pressurized gaseous hydrogen. One is that the density of the hydrogen stored in the hydride can be
GREATER than that of ultra-cold liquid hydrogen. This translates directly into smaller and fewer storage
tanks.
Once the hydride is "charged" with hydrogen, the hydrogen becomes chemically bonded to the
incendiary berets are fired through he tank, the hydride would only smolder ben is ree Isn
the hydride would only smolder like a cigarette. It is in tact
a safer storage system than a gasoline tank.
Then how do you get the hydrogen back out! To release the hydrogen gas from the hydride, it
simply needs to be heated. This is either done electrically, using the waste exhaust heat, or using the waste
radiator coolant heat.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
5
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 604, "chars": 4070, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The company's Hydrogen Fuel System kits heat the hydrıde tanks electrically. As soon at the
lydride is sufficiently warm, hydrogen is released from the tanks, and the on-board computer detects the
presence of hydrogen pressure. The fuel system remains in "Hydrogen" mode until the tank pressure
›egins to drop. If the tanks run out of hydrogen, the engine will seamlessly switch over to gasoline, whick
enables the car to run conventionally until the hydrogen tanks are refilled at zero cost.
Using hydrogen, the only exhaust products produced are water vapor and a tiny amount of nitrogen
oxides. It's about as clean burning as you can get.
United Nuclear's first prototype was a 1994 Chevrolet Corvette that was converted to run on
hydrogen. Using the Extended Range kit (2 sets of tanks), the driving range is over 650 miles per fill.
As the hydrogen gas is produced using the company-furnished solar-powered hydrogen generator,
the resulting fuel cost is near zero.
United Nuclear now has accumulated over 50,000 trouble-free miles on their prototype vehicles.
United Nuclear has developed every aspect of its Hydrogen Fuel System on their own, using their
own funds and not a dime of federal tax money. They do not sell stock, and do not need investors.
Not unexpectedly, the corrupt U.S. Government has swooped in by utilizing its Consumer Product
atety Commission (CPSC) as a means of suppressing the pending commercial sale of United Nuclear i
lydrogen Fuel System Kit by confiscating the necessary chemicals used in this system from public use -
possibly basing its action on false premises.
Currently, the CPSC is focusing on common chemical oxidizers such as perchlorațe compounds,
nitrate compounds, permanganate compounds, chlorate compounds, etc., along with a wide variety of
other common chemicals and metals such as sulfur, aluminum, magnesium, titanium, zirconium, zinc,
magnaılım, benzoate compounds, salicylate compounds, antımony and antımony compounds, etc.
The CPSC now claims that this action is to stop the manufacture by United Nuclear of illegal
explosive fireworks. If their true intention is to attempt to curtail the construction of these devices, there
aré only two chemicals which should be of concern: potassium perchlorate and German aluminum.
For those unfamiliar with exploding fireworks, they are all made from one material: flash powder.
Flash powder is a mixture of potassium perchlorate, and a special ultra-fine aluminum powder known as
German aluminum. These have been the only 2 chemicals used in the manufacture of every single
exploding firework from firecrackers to M-80s from the 1960s to present times.
United Nuclear's Hydrogen Fuel System Kit is not yet available for sale. There are legal problems
with several components of the unit which 1s preventing its sale. Until the legal proceedings are complete,
the company won't be moving forward with the system. (Sources: http://www.switch2hydrogen.com/,
http://www.switch2hydrogen.com/, http://www.unitednuclear.com/legalactionletters.htm,
http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/14.06/chemistry.html, http://nextconservatism.com/2006/11/14/
http://roguestatesmen.blogspot.com/2006/05/who-wants-free-energy-anyway.html, and
http://peswiki.com/index.php/Directory:Suppression.)
Daniel Dingel: Converts More than 100 Cars to Run on Water
nventor Daniel Dingel, who lives in the Philippines, since 1969 has converted more than 100
asoline cars to be powered by hydrogen derived ON DEMAND from plain water. Aluminum is used i
the tank to suppress a possible explosion. The Philippines President is not interested because of an
agreement with the World Bank. For a link to a movie abut his water-powered cars, see Section 12-G of
http://www.byronwine.com/. For more on the Philippines experience with the international bankers, see
http://www.indybay.org/newsitems/2006/04/10/18144521.php.
Maker of water-powered car still fighting after 30 years
By Joey G. Alarilla (see http://www.wasserauto.de/html/inquirer_article.html.)
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
6
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 553, "chars": 3549, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1909 was a landmark year for a number of reasons, including the conquest of space and cyberspace.
Even as that vear saw Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walking on the moon, so was the Internet born
when its earliest incarnation, the United States Defense Department's Arpanet (Advanced Research
Project Agency network), went online.
In the Philippines, 1969 was also the year that a Filipino inventor claims to have started tinkering
with a revolutionary concept for the automotive industry. His idea: To power cars using hydrogen derived
from ordinary water.
Today, 30 years later, inventor Daniel Dingel is driving around in the only water-powered car in the
world, still complaining that Filipino government officials and scientists refuse to support his invention.
wealth of the Pepsayine an egorement should really but othere elopsell of enemies and
would help the country pay its huge foreign debt," he said.
multinational companies, such as the oil companies. A conspiracy theory worthy of the X-Files, perhaps,
but if Dingel's idea is real, then the truth is way out there.
How it works:
According to him, his reactor uses electricity trom a 12-volt car battery to transtorm saltwater or
ordinary tap water with salt into deuterium oxide or heavy water, which is chiefly used as a coolant for
nuclear reactors. Deuterium is actually a hydrogen isotope with twice the mass of ordinary hydrogen, and
heavy water 1s produced when the hydrogen atoms in H20 are replaced with deuterium.
"The electricity from the battery splits the water into its hydrogen and oxygen components, and this
hydrogen can then be used to power the car engine. Normally it takes temperatures of about 5,400 degrees
Fahrenheit to generate hydrogen from water, but here I am just using an ordinary 12-volt battery," he
claimed.
ust how this kind of chemical reaction is possible using an ordinary car battery is, of course, the
secret behind Dingel's invention
- and the kind of claim that leads people to dismiss him as a crackpot anc
charlatan. In fact, while hydrogen is being touted as a viable alternative fuel in the US and other countries,
these prototypes do not make use of internal combustion engines but fuel cell engines, nor do they run on
ordinary water but on liquid hydrogen.
For example, DaımlerChrysler unveiled in the US in March the hydrogen-powered NECAR 4 (New
Electric Car), which is based on a Mercedes-Benz A-class compact car.
In these fuel cell cars, water is just a by-product of the reaction between hydrogen and oxygen ions,
Whigh is discoes the Also, Ding to claims at his reactor chi wense the any ell pre her care of
Dingel said some investors from Taiwan now plan to commercialize his car and help him get an
international patent.
(End of excerpt)
Update (Electrifying Times (www.electrifyingtimes.com), Vol. 10, No. 2, 2007, page 22):
Jingel did get some of his international patents and was given a sizeable sum of money trom yet
inknown sources to keep his invention quiet. The secret formula for Dingel's technology as well as the
late Stanley Meyer's water cell car is a certain resonant frequency and voltage that allows much lower
needy to produce hydrogen and oxygen from water than the standard electrolysis method requires. Stay
This writer, Gary Vesperman, included a possibly similar invention in his somewhat obsolete
compilation of "Advanced Technologies for Foreign Resort Proiect" which is in
http://www.icestuff.com/~energy21/advantech.htm. Itis copied as follows:
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
7
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3404, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Water Engine. Hydrogen is formed by creating an underwater electrical discharge between twc
alumınum electrodes. Aluminum wire is fed against a rotating alumınum drum. A hydrogen-fueled 900-
kilogram car runs 600 kilometers on 20 liters of water and one kilogram of aluminum.
The required high voltage can be obtained from the battery, a generator off the drive shaft, or two
colls in parallel and ted trom a conventional distributor.
The hydrogen gas fills a small buffer tank which in turn supplies hydrogen to the engine on
demand. When the tank's pressure exceeds a predetermined level
I, the electrodes are separated so that
hydrogen generation is interrupted. As the pressure drops to a certain level, the aluminum wire is again
fed against the aluminum drum.
Ken Rasmussen: Water-to-Energy Electrolysis Process
Their work ceased after a member of the research team was threatened at gunpoint on 16 May 2006.
Unknown to Rasmussen, his associate had faced a violent confrontation with 4 young to middle-aged
white males in black suits driving a late model black Lincoln Town Car.
Shoving Glocks and Mac-10s in his face at a rural intersection, they told him extensive details about
is familv and threatened lives of him. tamıly and all associates it he didn't stop work on the process
amily, complied. But similarly to Bill Williams' case (see below), when happy people start acting silent
ina paranoıd
, friends get suspicious.
the competition. Stanley Meyer claimed belore his suspicious death that he retused an otter ot a billion
dollars from Arab oil interests if he would stop work on his electrolysis process. (Meyer received at least
eight patents in addition to US Patent 4,389,981 relating to hydrogen and oxygen gasses extracted from
water for fuel.)
, NOBODY has offered Ken's company a dime for their "yet bench top" technology.
UT somebody HAS threatened to KILL THEM. Would any skeptic out there care to explain that tr
‹en? Ken had been in discussion with several pre-screened, suitable investors, who were waiting or
Ken's company to fix a final detail before showing them a live demonstration.
Enormous amounts of personal information thrown in their face behind the guns proved to Ken
NOW thing Ken DIDNT EVEN The bod as dial el he ape need Toss this.
least. Other details were probably obtained by wire tapping neighbors and friend's phones too.
For any of Ken's previous business contacts reading this, please excuse the delay. The lives of Ker
and his associates have been directly threatened if they were to complete the item they were intending tr
demonstrate. All progress is stopped.
Given the nature of oil or banking history, who do you think paid these hired gunmen to do the dirty
work? Ken would appreciate some solid leads. Ken has to admit, oil has become intertwined with both
banking and government over the years; so unofficial policies may have changed.
For more energy invention suppression details, see Ken's web site
http://www.commutetaster.com/klooz.html.
Bob Boyce: Brown's Gas Carburetor
ob Boyce built a carburetor using hydrogen and oxygen previously split using proper frequencies
See http://www.greaterthings.com/News/Tilley/testimonials/related/Bob_Boyce.htm
From: "Bob Boyce" <theghost@realmcity.com>
To: <sterlingda@greaterthings.com>
Sent: Monday, October 07, 2002 8:38 PM
Subject: GTcontact
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
8
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 694, "chars": 4250, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hello there
1 just read your response to the message trom someone asking why you're promoting a traud
(Tilley), and 1 must commend you on your response. There are a lot of closed-minded and narrow-minded
people out there, most of whom were highly educated in traditional schooling methodology taught at most
of the universities and colleges throughout the world. They get this doctrine shoved down their throats
that if it's not documented in books and/or upheld by popular theory, then it's just not possible. Any
attempt to demonstrate such technology usually falls on deaf ears and blind eyes because they refuse to
adjust their thinking to accept that maybe something may be possible after all.
I learned the hard way about how society treats those that dare to do something different. I'm not
I had an electronics business down in south Florida where I owned and sponsored a small boat race
team through my business starting in 1988. We had a machine shop out back of my business for doing
engine work, and 1 worked on engines for other racers and a local mini-sub research outtit that was
building surface running drone type boats for the U.S. Government's Drug Entorcement Administration
I delved into hydrogen research where I was building small electrolyzer type units that used distilled
water mixed with an electrolyte. I would then resonate the plates for optimal conversion efficiency.
1 discovered that with the right trequencies, 1 was able to generate monatomic hydrogen and
oxygen, which when recombined, produces about 4 times the energy output of normal diatomıc hydrogen
and oxygen molecules since the process of combustion does not have to break apart the molecules first
before recombining into water vapor. Diatomic hydrogen requires about 4% to air to produce the same
power as gasoline, while monatomic requires slightly less than 1% to air for the same power.
The only drawback was storage at pressure causes the mono-atoms to start joining into diatomic
pairs, and the mixture weakens, so it must be produced on-demand and consumed right away. I used
modified LP carburetors on the boat engines to deal with using vapor fuel. I even converted an old
Chrysler with a slant six engine to run on the hydrogen setup and we tested it in the shop.
I never publishea anything of what 1 was working on, and we always stated that our boats were
unning on hydrogen fuel, whicl
was allowed, to avoid any controversy at the races. It wasn't until many
years later that 1 found out what I had stumbled upon was already discovered and known as "Brown's
Gas"
and there were companies out there selling the equipment and plans to make it.
I had never tried to market anything, but I was plagued with trouble ever since I did the conversion
o the old Chrysler and did a tew test runs on it in the shop. My shop, which had never had any majo
rime problems betore, suddenly was getting broken into, and pieces of equipment related to the hydroger
project were getting vandalized or stolen. I thought it might be that one of the guys that worked for me
might have leaked something to someone and they were trying to either steal the technology or stop me
from working on it. I ended up shutting down the research, getting out of it all, converting the boat
ngines back to racing fuel and selling off the race boats. The break-ins stopped, and 1 had no further
rouble up until I totally closed the business and retired in 1991
1 was struck by lightning in 1995 and in 1997 1 moved out of Florida, the lightning capital. 1 am
now crippled with arthritis (which is common amongst lightning strike survivors), and recently I
miles so I can convert it over to electric operation.
1 have been seeking all information 1 can tind to be able to apply this unique charging arrangement
that Tilley is using and to find out what type of electric motor would be best to use with it. I'm in the
eastern TN area in the mountains so it must have enough power to climb the uphill grades and hopefully
be able to regenerate on the downhill grades. So far I have found very little information on this. Any help
you could provide to steer me in the right direction would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Bob Boyce
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
9
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 580, "chars": 3944, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stanley A. Meyer: Water Fuel Cell-Powered Car
Stanley A. Meyer invented a water fuel cell, which is not to be confused with the well-known fuel
cells using membranes, etc. Meyer's device is supposed to break water into hydrogen and oxygen gases.
us an electroly te stan as supresent and to aid durrent conderon, Meyers celputions at gesthesadition
efficiency with pure water.
More precisely, Meyer claimed his super-efficient electrolysis process produces 700% more energy
than it consumes (for instance, by connecting it to an engine that would burn the hydrogen back into
water) Without raising the temperature of the water. Meyer assembled a car prototype powered by a water
fuel cell.
Meyer's water fuel cell consișts of stainless steel plates arranged as a capacitor - with pure water
acting as the dielectric. A rising staircase of direct current pulses is sent through the plates at roughly 42
kilohertz, which is claimed to play a role in the water molecules breaking apart with less directly applied
energy than is required by standard electrolysis. The mechanism of this reaction is undocumented.
Using his super-efficient hydrogen separator, Stanley Meyer claimed he could drive a water fuel
cell- powered car from California to New York averaging 100 miles per gallon of water
Meyer has demonstrated his fuel cell device before Professor Michael Laughton, Dean of
Engineering at Mary College, London, Admiral Sir Anthony Grittin, a former controller of the Britist
Vavy, and Dr Keith Hindley, a UK research chemist. According to these witnesses, the most startlins
aspect of the Meyer cell was that it remained cold, even atter hours of gas production as his system
appeared to operate on mere milli-amperes, rather than the amperes that conventional electrolysis woulc
require. The witnesses also stated:
"After hours of discussion between ourselves, we concluded that Stan Meyer did appear to have
pet on anous part of ne Vid system, Since they were racet under Section Ly Lyne Us ralent
Ottice, the hardware involved in the patents has been examined experimentally by US Patent Ottice
experts and their seconded experts and all the claims have been established."
on set ontain file mentions Paci Review Boat under Scin 15 penitent
U.S. Patent 5,149,407: Process and apparatus for the production of fuel gas and the enhanced release of
hermal energy from such gas
J.S. Patent 4.936.961: Method for the production of a fuel gas
U.S. Patent 4,826,581: Controlled process for the production of thermal energy from gases and apparatus
useful therefore
U.S. Patent 4,798,661: Gas generator voltage control circuit
U.S. Patent 4,613,779: Electrical pulse generator
U.S. Patent 4,421,474: Hydrogen gas burner
U.S. Patent 4,389,981: Hydrogen gas injector system for internal combustion engine
"It Runs on Water" is a video with Stanley Meyer demonstrating the water fuel cell in a car. Meyer
claimed that he could run a 1.6-liter Volkswagen Dune Buggy on water instead of gasoline.
The basic problem with Meyer's invention, as reliably reported by Eugene Mallove in an Infinity
Magazine article (see http://www.rexresearch.com/meyerhy/meyerhy.htm), is that he had never consented
o conclusive tests. Skeptics point out that electrolysis of water, as explained by chemistry textbooks,
equires more energy to break the hydrogen-oxygen bond than is regained by burning the two gases
Nonetheless Meyer's supporters suggest it is worthwhile to try to successfully replicate his process.
Stanley Meyer died after eating at a restaurant on March 21, 1998. Coroner William R. Adrion's
autopsy report states that "Decedent supposedly at lunch with N.A.T.O. officials at a Cracker Barrel diner.
The group made an opening toast with cranberry juice, immediately after which, decedent ran outside
followed by his brother, then vomited violently and told his brother that he had been poisoned."
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
10
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 700, "chars": 4607, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
At the time of Meyer's death this writer, Gary Vesperman, sent out an email explaining that there 1s
a type of stroke in the base of the brain that matches his brother's description of how Meyer died. The
victim immediately becomes highly aggravated for a fraction of a minute or so. After the brain soaks up
too much blood, its oxygen flow is shut down and the victim then dies.
Męyer's unusual death and its suspicious timing and circumstances understandably cause offerings
of conspiracy theories regarding the possible poisoning of his cranberry juice by the oil companies and
the U.S. Government. It apparently has not been verified who were with Meyer in the restaurant and
exactly what they were celebrating.
The discussion below of Stanley's legal hassles is from
http://www.waterfuelcell.org/moreinfo.html. If true, it cites more than one instance of intentional
tampering with judicial due process - doubtless to discredit his water-fueled car invention. Either Stanler
Mever's water fuel cell did not in fact achieve his performance claims, or the United States federal
government and Ohio state government should instead have been supporting Stanley's research.
Fraud charges:
It failed to work during a required demonstration of the water-fueled car in a 1990 court case. An
disgrunted investors. The coye decided harts end prece of the car nis water tie cel, was him by
conventional electrolysis device, and he was ordered to repay the investors $25,000.
However, in their 1 December 1996 issue, the London sunday Times published an article entitled
'End of Road for Car that Ran on Water" by Tony Edwards. It upheld the court case, stating that three
"Expert Witnesses" were not impressed and decided that the WFC was simply using conventional
electrolysis. It stated Stan Meyer was found guilty of "gross and egregious fraud" and was ordered to
repay the investors their $25,000. It implied that Michael Laughton, professor of electrical engineering at
Queen Mary and Westfield University, London was due to examine the car, but was not allowed to see it
However, not mentioned was that this occurred in 1990 and that the WEC Water Fuel injector tech-
base was still under U.S. National Security Review as in accordance to U.S. Patent Law and not available
for public viewing. Also not mentioned were the many WFC patents, verified laboratory and university
testing that supports the basis of WFC technology nor was the WFC appeal filing to dismiss Judge
Corzine's ruling due to judicial default and other relevant information.
On 18 October 1995, a pretrial deposition hearing to inspect the WFC Dealership demonstration
units (Variable-plate Electrical Polarization Process (VIC) Fuel Cell and Rotary Pulse Voltage Frequecy
Generator Tubular-Array Fuel Cell) was held in the office of the plaintiff's attorney, Robert Judkins.
Present were the plaintiff's, their attorneys, plaintitts expert witness, Michael Leverich (Electronics
Engineer), Stan Meyer, Dr. Russel Fowler, WFC witness and defense attorneys Judge Roger Hurley and
James Detling, as well as a deposition recorder.
During the deposition, Attorney Judkins attempted to have the WFC dismantled prior to
implementing proper test procedures, which Stan Meyer refused. Michael Leverich confirmed that his
initial measurements of the WFC Fuel Cells showed that it operated exactly as the WFC documentation
stated it should, as so recorded on WFC Deposition Video Tape.
However, he then added an unknown white substance (powder) for additional testing. Stan objected
to this, since the WFC Fuel Cell uses plain tap water and does not require a chemical additive. The
plaintiffs also admitted that, during their observances at WFC Dealership Seminars, tap water was always
used without any chemicals added to the water. Despite Stan's objection, plaintiff measurements were
taken of this chemicalized water-bath and recorded. Ihis illegal act ot tampering with WrC Evidence oi
Records was witnessed by WFC Cameraman, Dr. Russ Fowler, and all others who attended Plaintiffs
Deposition To-Test.
In 1996, Stan Meyer gave oral testimony before the court demonstrating the WFC Fuel Cell "Mode
of Operability" by using the Voltage Intensifier Circuit (VIC) to produce voltage of opposite polarity to
she core andio sound recordinger moment seemed to maltonio assed fed rene
said proceedings should continue without it. Ihis was a violation of judicial protocol, sınce the recording
system is used to verity testimony given during the trial and as such becomes "Evidence of Records."
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
11
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2512, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Atter his oral testimony, stan expected Attorney/Judge Hurley to start bringing forth WFU
witnesses and counter arguments. Instead, Attorney/Judge Hurley spoke up, stated he had to leave for a
pre-planned vacation and said that there was no more testimony to be given and waived the right of the
detendant to give a case summary of the WHC facts brought before the court. Stan Meyer immediately
Stan wrote a "Request to Retract" fax-letter to the Sunday Times on 2 December 1996. He attached
WFC documentation on the filing with the Disciplinary. Counsel. He further stated that Judge Corzine had
no right to turn off the court audio sound recording equipment, nor to rule against U.S. Patents, or
overrule Government and University lab reports in the public domain concerning the mode of operability
here to stay" in contradiction to the Sunday Times statement.
Stanley Meyer's twin brother Stephen Meyer has warned per his email below that the above is not
wholly true. Attempts by Gary Vesperman to obtain Stephen's corrections have been unsuccessful.
Stephen's web site www.hydrotechgroup.com still does not include any information which could clarify
Stanley's apparent suppression troubles and suspicious death
From: Stephen Meyer [mailto:appli-tech@msn.com]
Sent: Wednesday, March 14, 2007 12:18 AM
To: altenergy2007@gmail.com
Subiect: RE: Fwd: Terry Sisson on Stanley Meyer; Xogen
HI Guys, go to my web site www.hydrotechgroup.com
Oh! Gary Vesperman's write up is really bad and does not reflect true events about Stan and is
completely out of context in many areas. It is my hope that this is article is corrected before publishing.
Stephen Meyer
Appli-1ech@msn.com
Office Phone: 1.612.374.1609
Frank Roberts: Water Car
Frank Roberts is active on the Yahoo water car chat board. He was gone for a while. Then he
showed up with this story that was emailed to the Yahoo water car chat board on October 4, 2005. His
location is unknown. He is trying to rebuild what he had from memory, but is having a difficult time at it
Subject: I'm Back
Hello to everyone in the water car group from Frank Roberts
Nong tim he hor any enay. My prays pry mil gone any, now have ten are my
ny room. I have a lot of catching up to do on the progress of the group. I no longer have my lab and all its
'esources but will try to contribute from experience and expertise. I look forward to hearing from the
group. It's good to be back on line.
Best Wishes,
Frank Roberts
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
12
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2768, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Andrew Leech (Reporter): Suspicious Deaths of Inventors in Australia
From: Andrew Leech
To: sterlingda@pureenergysystems. com
Sent: November 02, 2006
Subject: BJ Proton Cell
Hello, I'm Andrew Leech from Floppy Sponge Automation in Melbourne, Australia. I've been a
the room Col artin as wel a tiping to spread and promotic emangy. Dolcal, model or
he threat lightly. If we can have a large group of replications all announced simultaneously we have
hance of getting around that threat. [Deleted]...
Regards,
Andrew Leech
Floppy Sponge Automation
12 Birch Ave Dandenong Nth,
Vic, Australia 3148
http://www.floppyspongeonline.com
Gerald Schaflander: Solar-Produced Hydrogen Turned into Liquid Hy-Fuel
During the 1970s Gerald Schatlander, with the Solar Electric Power Corporation of Culver City,
California, and with financial help from some friends, built a pilot production tacılity in Menlo Park,
Pid, The Not oil be ried in as or treks. was no used as auld or a lyrogen gas by Hiy.
cracking it and feeding the recovered hydrogen gas through a special carburetor.
Schaflander and his scientists had found from their own experiments that silicon will not work. It
deteriorates in the desert heat and becomes only about 2 percent efticient. Having found silicon cells
unsatisfactory, Schaflander's scientific team perfected gallium aluminum arsenide/gallium arsenide solar
cells. They also found a way to produce such cells on a semi-automated basis, slashing costs. Some of the
photovoltaic cells used to power NASA spacecraft cost as much as $5 a watt to produce; Schaflander's
The prototype of a commercial Hy-Fuel production facility on 1000 acres of leased land near Yuma,
The liquid Hy-Fuel is fully substitutable for fuel oil or for gasoline in automobiles, tractors and other
vehicles. These are connected by wires and tubing to a small pumping station and rounded storage tanks.
This Yuma solar energy farm was the creation of Consumers Solar Electric Power Corporation of
Culver City, California. On July 1, 1980 the firm had its first commercial tank load of 250 gallons of Hy-
'uel ready for delivery at only 50 cents a gallon, and was producing more Hy-Fuel. With an option or
easing another 10,000 acres and given financial support, the facılity could be cranked up to ful
production on the entire 11,000-acre tract in six months. According to stephen Wright, president of
Consumers Solar and its scientific expert, with eight hours of continuous Arizona sunlight a day, such ar
energy farm would produce 3.8 million gallons of Hy-Fuel a day.
Hy-Fuel production could be increased considerably by substituting Soviet-developed high-
efficiency crystal lattice solar photo-voltaic cells (see below).
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
13
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 4160, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A unique co-generation system would turn the waste heat produced by the process into low-pressure
steam that could be used to drive turbines producing electric power for the utilities. Schaflander estimates
that his company's energy tarm could produce electricity at a capital cost of 5090 per kilowatt. The
capital-cost tigures for fossil-tueled and nuclear-powered plants are $1,200 and $1,400 per kilowatt,
respectively. Note that these are 1980 figures.
Conversion of present engines to hydrogen fuel can be accomplished in a tew hours. The process
involves removing the gasoline tank and installing a new tank capable of holding the slightly heavier
convert the ammonia-like Hy-Fuel into a gas mainly composed of hydrogen. This gas would flow into a
new carburetor to which a fuel regulator is attached. Certain other solenoid valves and vacuum and
pressure switches would be wired into the car. The hydrogen-powered vehicle would then be ready to roll.
There is no question that Hy-Fuel works. Schaflander had converted eighteen Chevrolet engines to
his revolutionary fuel and had driven them across the continent, getting about twenty miles to the gallon.
Tests show that Hy-Fuel's emissions are far cleaner than gasoline, obviating the need for costly emission
devices such as catalytic converters which poison roadsides with toxic platinum dust particles. Hy-Fuel is
also more stable than gasoline - far less likely to explode in case of an accident.
All this was developed without a dime of tederal tax money. In 1978 Schatlander challenged a U.S.
House of Representatives Energy Committee to let him test his device on a selected fleet of U.S
Government cars. Although he asked for no up-front money and had promised, "If we can't deliver, we
don't get paid," the U.S. Government turned him down.
his 79-yearlander was hard ed boil company inned to Us. Postal service. hosed meath threats to
essentially driven out of business. The whole story is described by a long article that was published in the
October 4, 1980 issue of The Nation. There is much detail on the suppression, but little data on the actual
process used. (Source: "The Hydrogen Alternative: Somebody Doesn't Like Hy-Fuel' Fred J. Cook, The
Nation, October 4, 1980, pp. 305-311)
John Andrews: Water-to-Gasoline Additive
In May 1974 John Andrews, a Portuguese chemist, demonstrated a water-to-gas additive before
Navy ofticials which allowed ordinary water to be added to gasoline without decreasing the
combustibility of the gas and would drive the cost of gasoline down to 2 cents per gallon. When Navy
officials finally went to his lab to negotiate for the formula, they found Andrews missing and his lab
Phil Stone: Engine Runs on Water
During the 1950's, Phil Stone, a retired Florida college physics professor, had a patent for a device
to run an engine on water. The U.S. Government then unfairly classified his patent, and this prevented
him from developing his device. The United States Patent Ottice has classitied 5000 patents, an unknown
number of which relate to energy. Their helplessly shackled inventors will be jailed for 20 years if they
work on, develop, make, sell, write about, or even simply talk about their inventions.
Bill Williams: Joe Cell-Powered Truck
(Excerpted from http://pesn.com/2006/04/13/9600257 Bill Williams threatened/, written by Sterling
Allen, Pure Energy System News)
Joe Cell Truck Builder Threatened, Destroys Plans --- After announcing that he had successfully
ult a truck that runs on Joe cell technology, drawing energy from water and orgone energy, Bil
Nilliams said he was approached by two men who demanded that he stop his research, threatening hin
with dire consequences if he didn't. Others are keeping it alive.
USA - A couple of weeks ago, Bill Williams told a discussion list that he successfully ran his truck
on a device known as the Joe cell. The power was far greater than the regular combustion engine -- and
the energy was free.
water as the gall or and to dr thron or gone the acteric aily is de device uses serially charged
transferred to the automobile engine.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
14
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3491, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bill had posted images and rough descriptions, and was in the process of disclosing in greater detail
how he had accomplished this, when he was confronted last week by two unidentified individuals who
told him to cease all of his alternative energy work or there would be dire consequences.
On April 11, 2006, Bill gave the following account of what happened just a few days after
announcing his success.
"The driver got out of the rig and walked around in front of their rig and approached me. At about
the same time, the passenger opened his door.
"The driver stated that they wanted me to stop working on all forms of alternative energy. He also
stated that we know everything about me, my family, and all my projects past and present.
"At about that time the passenger reached and held up a file that was about 2 or so inches thick. He
opened it up and showed me telephone transcripts, emails, messages from the groups that I had belonged
"They knew where my kids worked, the times they are at work; also my wife's working hours, my
grandkids' school, etc. They knew everything.
"The driver said that if I did not stop working on this (he then opened up the left side of his jacket
and showed his weapon that was holstered) that there would be other consequences.
"He also stated that he wanted me to post that I was no longer working in this tield and to destroy
all my work, 1.e. cells, drawings, lab journals, everything
"At that point he walked around and got into the rig. I shut the hood and got the hell out of there.
They followed me for about 2 miles and then must have turned off somewhere.
Atter a tew days of contemplation, Bill decided to abide by the demands of those who threatene
nim. He destroyed the cell and all data and documentation and disabled the website on which he hac
posted plans. Four days after that incident, Bill wrote the following message to the group:
"I thought I was strong but when illness to the family comes into play, I have failed. I am truly
sorry. I will not be working in any form of alternative energy field anymore. [...]
"I destroyed my device tonight along with my written data and lab notes as per specked out."
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D.: Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
In March 2002, Stephen L. Patrick, Thomas E. Bearden, James C. Hayes, Kenneth D. Moore, and
James L. Kenny received U.S. Patent No. 6,362,718 for the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
(MEG), a scalar energy device that produces over-unity (AKA "Free Energy"). In conventional terms, the
device has a Coefficient of Performance (COP) of 5.0.
Tom Bearden offers this brief description of how the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator works:
First the MEG uses a proven technique (the Aharonov-Bohm effect) which the nanocrystalline core
furnishes freely. Recall again that memory characteristics of materials is one thing (trom Prigogine) that
allows direct and intentional violation of the second law of thermodynamics.
This free initiation of the Aharonov-Bohm effect in turn engineers the surrounding vacuum outside
the core, by adding extra energy density to it in the torm ot a curl-tree A-potential. Sharp perturbation (the
'ise time and decay time) of the input pulses that perturb the core-confined B-field, also perturb that
section of the A-potential still in the core, so that a disturbance of dA/dt passes outside the core and or
outward into the external altered vacuum with its extra energy.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
15
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 327, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
here the equation dA/at = - E applies, and so in the external activated space real E-tield energy
pulses are formed
which radiate back into the MEG core area due to the minus sign. This means they
travel in opposite direction to the outward-traveling perturbation dA/dt.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
16
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 717, "chars": 4721, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hence this shows the receipt by the MEG of excess electromagnetic energy freely transmitted back
into it from the external altered space, which means that the MEG gets considerable excess E-field energy
input trom the surrounding vacuum. By adjusting perturbation rise times, etc., one can adjust the
nagnitude of the E-field energy pulses returned to the MEG from the external vacuum environment. Thus
he MEG is an asymmetric Maxwellian system of the kind arbitrarily discarded by Lorentz in 1892, anc
still arbitrarıly discarded by present EE departments, professors, and textbooks.
Comprised of strong magnets, coils, nanocrystalline cores, and a controller unit with the electronics,
the MEG would be able to power an electric vehicle without battery recharging by the power grid.
For a detailed explanation (including clear drawings) of how the MEG works, see Dr. Bearden's
Pecto Polinal A vs. Aggietic Field Bo This Asper is avail Al arone -Bm Efect and Magnetic
. This paper is available at the link
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/On/20the/20Aharonov-Bohm/20Effect1.doc.
In that paper, Dr. Bearden points out that electrical engineers - and even the usual physicist - are
unaware of how an electrical circuit is actually "powered" For an explanation and a diagram showing (1)
normal eleenemagnetic systems selfentarce COP1.5 by killing heis own source of this free ene the
-enforce COP<1.0 by killing their own source of this free energy flow
faster than they power their loads, see Figure 2, Operation of a Symmetrical Electrical Power System, in
the foregoing paper.
Note that there are more than 20,000 papers in the hard literature on the Aharonov-Bohm effect
used by the MEG, and that Aharonov-Bohm ettect is quite well proven in physics, both theoretically and
experimentally. But the effect does not even exist in the electrical engineering model! Since the MEG is
deliberately designed to use that effect, the operation of the MEG can only be understood by one who
understands the Aharonov-Bohm ettect, its generalization to the Berry phase, and the turther
electrical engineering theory - can not and will not be able to understand the MEG's operation.
There are several sources of the special nanocrystalline cores which contain the "B" field needed to
ettectively operate the MEG. Dr. Bearden reports in http://www.cheniere.org/correspondence/020504.htm
that the nanocrystalline cores originally were purchased as Metglas amorphous alloys from the former
Division of Honeywell that made them. He believes that Honeywell actually got them from India. That
Division of Honeywell was just about demolished by General Electric (GE) in its sudden attempted
uyout of Honeywell (vetoed by the European community). GE suddenly moved it across country, wipin
ut half its staff and scientists. etc. Then GE withdrew. With the Division in shambles. Honevwell ther
sold it off to Hitachi. He doesn't know what's happened since then
(Sources: http://jnaudin.tree.tr/meg/megv2l.htm,
http://peswiki.com/index.php/Site:LRP:Motionless_Electromagnetic_Generator, and
http://peswiki.com/index.php/Site:LRP:The_ Suppression of the_M.E.G. _by_General Electric. For additional
information, order Dr. Bearden's books and videos trom www.cheneire.org.)
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D. (Reporter): J.P. Morgan Emasculated Electrical Engineering Theory
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D., in an August 5, 2007 email to Gary Vesperman and three other energy
researchers, offers an insight into what really happened more than a century ago when the foundations
were laid for eventually providing electricity to billions of people. In the 1880s and 1890s Nikola Tesla
(backed by Westinghouse, a decent man) destroyed the great dreams and preparations of John Perpont
Morgan and Thomas Edison for moving the world into DC electrical power, requiring a DC power plant
about every two miles. for example. Instead, with the support of Westinghouse. Tesla gave the world the
much more practical AC power systems, where the electric power is much more easily transmitted over
transmission lines to distant destinations, without the serious losses as DC transmission entails.
This and Tesla's clearly enunciated intention to give the world clean free electromagnetic energy
from the "active medium" itself, brought J. P. Morgan to regard Tesla as his mortal enemy, to be
in hear or he icehan method, he face technice tiding and a king one own enemies as
well as one's supporters, to gain influence over - and eventually control of - both. So when Tesla
approached Morgan for financing, Morgan readily agreed — but only after Tesla signed over a 51%
controlling interest in his (Tesla's) patents.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
17
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 4373, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Morgan's control. Morgan then simply advanced Tesla onty, part of the at ney needed for his tunder
project, and when Tesla predictably ran out of funds, Morgan simply retused to give him any more. Very
shortly this completely crushed Tesla, reducing him to effective bankruptcy, living in a hotel room, and
existing on the patience and literally the charity of others. Tesla never recovered from this blow, but
eventually died in that hotel room. Many of Tesla's inventions - such as radio - were stolen from him.
Atter Tesla expired in 1943, Marconi's inventions — e.g. — were officially declared as take-offs of Tesla's
inventions by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Isn't it significant that essentially none of our scientific history books credit Tesla for being the
actual inventor of the radio, but instead give credit to the theft of Tesla's radio discoveries by Marconi?
What does that say about the "official" ethics of the scientific community?
But Morgan was not only ruthless, but thorough. In the latter 1880's, etc., when Tesla was gung ho
to give us free energy from the active medium, Morgan also anticipated the future of this "energy freely
extracted from the active medium"
problem that had suddenly risen in Tesla's work. At the time, there
were less than three dozen "electrodynamicists" in the entire world. Maxwell had died in 1879, and those
who despised quaternions (Heaviside, Hertz, Gibbs, etc.) immediately chopped Maxwell's 20 quaternion-
like equations in 20 unknowns into a very much smaller vector subset containing only four equations.
Maxwell's theory was never accepted during his own lifetime, but only begrudgingly and very slowly
after (eight or nine years after Maxwell's death Hertz performed speed-of-light measurements showing
The real Maxwell theory has never been routinely taught in electrical engineering, which contains
of the Blee soman die Field, Royal Socie Ta that, see CL, 186, 459. Read ec.3, 1864.
"A Dynamical Theory
Also in The Scientific Papers of James Clerk Maxwell, 2 vols. bound as one, edited by W. D. Niven,
Dover, New York, 1952, Vol. 1, p. 526-597. Two errata are given on the unnumbered page prior to page
1 of Vol. 1. In this paper Maxwell presents his seminal theory of electromagnetism, containing 20
equations in 20 unknowns. His general equations of the electromagnetic field are given in Part III.
Jeneral Equations of the Electromagnetic Field, p. 554-564. On p. 561, he lists his 20 variables. On p
,62. he summarizes the different subiects of the 20 eauations. beino three equations each for magneti
force, electric currents, electromotive force, electric elasticity, electric resistance, total currents; and one
equation each for free electricity and continuity. Most electrical engineers have never even read
Maxwell's theory, even though they were falsely informed that they had studied (and mastered)
"Maxwell's theory."
Free download of that original Maxwell theory can be made directly from the ZPE website, at links
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_1.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_2.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_3.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_4.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_5.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Maxwell_1864_6.pdf
http://www.zpenergy.com/downloads/Diagram.pdf
Barrett (one of the co-founders of ultrawideband radar) comments on the curtailing of Maxwell's
theory as follows:
"[T]he A field [for the potențials] was banished from playing the central role in Maxwell's theory
and relegated to being a mathematical (but not physical auxıllary. Ihis banıshment took place during the
nterpretation of Maxwell's theory... by Heaviside... and Hertz. The 'Maxwell theory' and 'Maxwell's
equations' we know today are really the interpretation of Heaviside... Heaviside took the 20 equations of
Maxwell and reduced them to the four now known as "Maxwell's equations". Terence W. Barrett
" A. Lakhtakia, ed., Essays on the
*ormal Aspents of Electromagnetics plainy, boma sentic Pushing, Realise, No, 1993 on thi
Actually it was worse than that! Heaviside hated potentials (which today we know are primary),
thought they were mathematical conveniences only, and that they should be "murdered from' the theory".
Quoting from B. J. Hunt:
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
18
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3782, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"In a letter to Oliver Lodge in 1893, Heaviside referred to his own work and stated that it
represented
....the real and true 'Maxwell' as Maxwell would have done it had he not been humbugged
by his vector and scalar potentials.' [B. J. Hunt, The Maxwellians, Ph.D. dissertation, The Johns Hopkins
University, Baltimore, MD, 1984, p 317].
Heaviside also thought (as did all others at the time) that a thin material fluid ether filled all space,
so that nowhere in all the universe was there a point where mass was absent. For that reason, the
electrodynamicists - including Heaviside - thought there were force fields E and H in space, when today
we know such electromagnetic force fields exist only in charged matter (matter is a component of force,
by the equation F = d/dt(mv). Quoting Feynman:
...in dealing with force the tacit assumption is always made that the force is equal to zero unless
origin pRichard Presean, Robert B. eighton and tea Fee Lear ter.
Physics, Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, Vol. 1, 1904, p. 12-2].
For a commentary on even the unsatisfactory condition of the original Maxwell's theory, Cornille
states it this way:
"Even today, Maxwell's equations are given as granted, their validity being justified by
experiments. In fact, there is no demonstration of Maxwell's equations from first principles since the
mechanical approach used by Maxwell has been abandoned in tavor of a new non-mechanical entity: the
electromagnetic field. Of course, Maxwell's equation[s] can be obtained from a variational principle but
they are derived from an action appropriately chosen in order to recover them. ..Maxwell's equations
raise a certain number of fundamental questions which have not been answered in a satisfactory manner to
[Patrick Cornille, 'Inhomogeneous waves and Maxwell's equations," Chapter 4 in Essays on the
formal Aspects of Electromagnetic Theory, Ed. A. Lakhtakia, World Scientific, 1993, p. 138-139.].
But it made no big splash, and the Heaviside severely truncated equations were "chosen" as the
basis equations for the new "electrical engineering" that was beginning to be set up in a few universities
here and there. Morgan apparently had the "new"
equations (for the new electrical engineering being
born) checked via group symmetry (adopted in 18/0, so theretore well known by the very tew leading
electromagnetic scientists of the world at the time) to see if the "new" science/equations contained any of
those "systems taking excess free energy from the active medium"
- in short, containing any of
Maxwell's asymmetrical systems present in the full Maxwellian theory. In short, Morgan was determined
not only to suppress Tesla, but also to suppress any future "young Tesla" who might be stimulated to see
and develop "free energy from the active medium
Tesla systems. The review of Morgan's scientific
advisors was not good; the "new" and truncated Heaviside equations were still not totally symmetrical,
which meant some of those dirty old asymmetric Maxwellian systems were still there.
Morgan, of course, just directed that it be "fixed". And Lorentz was the fellow chosen or arranged
to do the job; in 1892, Lorentz arbitrarily symmetrized the Heaviside equations - just to "make them
easier to solve algebraically"
, so the story went. He thereby firmly excluded all asymmetrical Maxwellian
systems from the standard electrical engineering model, from its very birthing.
synera reinging used by Lors of and crepied to him 73erally as first one by Lore the
irst done by Lorenz (without
the "t"), as Jackson and Okun show.
To sio the original force "suppression" paper icalying symmetrical regue i see H. 1. Lorente
regauging theorems (the two equations of symmetrical regauging).
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
19
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 4247, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is what arbitrarily eliminated (from standard electrical engineering) the use of "Tesla"
asymmetrical Maxwellian systems that do receive excess electromagnetic energy freely from the active
medium - and thus can function at a coefficient of performance (COP)>1.0 precisely similar to a
windmill-driven electrical power system or a solar panel powered electrical power system. A real system
with real losses will always have efficiency (total useful energy or work output divided by the total energy
input trom all sources) of less than 100%. But it it asymmetrically receives (treely or nearly treely) exces:
nergy from its active environment, then its coefficient of performance (total useful energy or work outpu
divided by the total energy input by the operator only) can permissibly exceed 1.0. No laws of
nonequilibrum thermodynamics are violated, as are no laws of physics.
Iwo persons - Oliver Heavisıde and John Poynting - independently and sımultaneously discovered
the flow of electromagnetic energy through space in the 1880s and early 1890s; before then, the concep
loes not appear in physics. Poynting only considered a very tiny part of the "total electromagnetic energy
flow pouring from the generator terminals and flowing through space outside and along the external
conductors (of the external circuit)". That tiny part is the small fraction of the energy flow - the linear part
- that gets diverged into the conductors to "potentialize and power up the electrons
and the external
circuit. Heaviside also discovered a giant curled electromagnetic energy flow component in addition to
the diverged little component. The nondiverged curled electromagnetic energy flow component is more
than a trillion times greater in energy magnitude than the feeble Poynting component.
Well, again it would simply not do (in Morgan's relentless view) for our young future electrical
engineers to know and be taught that the generator actually outputs more than a trillion times as much
electromagnetic energy output as the mechanical energy input one furnishes to crank the shaft of the
generator. That would mean it would just be a matter of time before some young budding genius would
discover how to trick some of that giant curled Heaviside component into diverging into the conductors
after all, thus producing Tesla "energy from the external active medium" systems after all.
So again, Morgan would have issued orders to "fix it!"
And so Lorentz was arranged once again to do the dirty work. In 1900 he stated that this giant
curled Heaviside component "does nothing
significance"
• And he arbitrarily just integrated the entire energy tlow vector (containing both the
diverged Poynting energy flow component and the usually nondiverged Heaviside giant curled energy
flow component) around a closed surface assumed around any volume element of interest. Thereby
Lorentz misinformed us that this nondiverged giant energy flow had "no physical significance" and taught
us to just deliberately cancel it as a matter of course.
In his August 16, 2007 email to Gary Vesperman and Leslie Pastor, Thomas Bearden adds:
For additional rigorous mathematical demonstrations, see the following:
M. W. Evans et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator with O(3)
Electrodynamics," Foundations of Physics Letters, 14(!), Feb. 2001, p. 87-94. Quoting: "
fundamental operational principle of the MEG is explained using a version of higher symmetry
electrodynamics known as O(3) electrodynamics, which ... has been developed extensively in the
literature. The theoretical explanation of the MEG with O(3) electrodynamics is straightforward:
M. W. Evans et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator by Sachs's Theory of
Electrodynamics," Foundations of Physics Letters, 14(4), 2001, p. 387-393.
M. W. Evans et al., "The Aharonov-Bohm Effect as the Basis of Electromagnetic Energy Inherent
in the Vacuum," Foundations of Physics Letters, 15(6), Dec. 2002, p. 561-568.
T. E. Bearden, "Extracting and Using Electromagnetic Energy from the Active Vacuum," in M. W
Evans (ed.), Modern Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, 3 vols., Wiley, 2001; Vol. 2, p. 639-698.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
20
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 3130, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
chemistry in all the batteries ever produced, have not directly delivered a single watt into the external
circuit's load. All that incredible fuel consumption and energy extracted from the environment has only
been used to continually restore the source dipole that our own closed current loop circuits are
deliberately designed to destroy faster than the load is powered."
T. E. Bearden, "Energy from the Active Vacuum: The Motionless Electromagnetic Generator," in
M. W. Evans (Ed.), Modern Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, 3-vols., Wiley, 2001; Vol. 2, p. 699-776.
M. W. Evans, T. E. Bearden, and A. Labounsky, "The Most General Form of the Vector Potential in
Electrodynamics," Foundations of Physics Letters, 15(3), June 2002, p. 245-261.
For a rigorous proof that removing Lorentz's 1892 arbitrary symmetrization of the Heaviside-
Physica Scripta, Vol. 61, 2000, p. 513-517.
To see the horrible falsities (as pointed out by eminent scientists such as Nobelist Feynman) being
taught in electrical engineering in all our universities, see my paper "Errors and Omissions in the
CEM/EE Model," available at http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/CEM/20Errors/20-
%20final%20paper%20complete%20w%20longer%20abstract4.doc . This paper was favorably reviewed
by the National Science Foundation; for the NSF letter see
http://www.cheniere.org/reterences/NSF/20letter/o20Bearden.jpg.
Here is a little exercise that is revealing to think about:
continuously pours out a steady Poynting stream of real electromagnetic energy flow S, given by
S=EX H.
The CEM/EE folks just shrug and walk away from that embarrassing problem. A typical comment
is one by Buchwald:
"[Poynting's result] implies that a charged capacitor in a constant magnetic field which is not
parallel to the electric field is the seat of energy flows even though all macroscopic phenomena are static."
Jed Z. Buchwald, From Maxwell to Microphysics, University of Chicago Press, Chicago and London,
1985, p. 44].
He states it, but does not pursue its implications at all.
Scientists such as Van Flandern do point out that a so-called "static" electromagnetic field is
actually a nonequilibrum steady state system, comprised of internal parts in continuous and steady
motion. Quoting Van Flandern:
"To rețain causality, we must distinguish two distinct meanings of the term 'static'. One meaning is
unchanging in the sense of no moving parts. The other meaning is sameness from moment to moment by
continual replacement of all moving parts. We can visualize this difference by thinking of a waterfall. A
frozen waterfall is static in the first sense, and a flowing waterfall is static in the second sense. Both are
essentially the same at every moment, yet the latter has moving parts capable of transferring momentum,
and is made of entities that propagate. ..So are .. fields for a rigid, stationary source frozen, or are they.
continually regenerated? Causality seems to require the latter." [Tom Van Flandern,
"The speed of gravity
- What the experiments say," Physics Letters A, Vol. 250, Dec. 21, 1998, p. 8-9].
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
21
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 769, "chars": 5109, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So there is no problem at all in establishing as large a continual tree electromagnetic energy tlow as
one wishes. Anywhere, anytime. Simply make a dipole, or crossed E and H dipoles, then leave it alone.
Is Nobelist Lee pointed out, when you have a broken symmetry then something virtual has become
observable. In other words, any electromagnetic broken symmetry can and does absorb virtual energy
from the vacuum, integrate it coherently into quantum sized particles (photons), and emit those real,
observable photons at light speed in all directions. This process - the solution to the long-neglectec
"source charge problem
- is what produces the steady-state or "static" electromagnetic fields. Such fields
are actually continuous, free flows of real, usable electromagnetic energy.
The entire "free energy from the vacuum" problem is simply this: Given incredible "free
electromagnetic energy wind" available and automatically provided from every electromagnetic broken
symmetry (dipolarity) in the universe, how does one build à proper asymmetric "windmill"
to intercept
and collect some of that real, free, continuous "electromagnetic energy wind energy" and then separately
dissipate it in its loads to power them? All our electrical engineers think, design, and build only
symmetrical windmills, which use half their freely collected electromagnetic energy to do nothing but
lestrov their own source dipolaritv furnishing the free wind! The other half is used (in the forward emi
region) to power the losses and loads of the external circuit.
fosterns) to destroy the win source else, as normally usad in the To symaical ciremis anal
, and the other half is used to power the external loads and
losses. Well, to keep the wind flowing, we have to keep "restoring" the internal dipolarity (broken
symmetry) of the generator as fast as it is being destroyed. That is what "cranking the shaft of the
generator"
actually accomplishes; it doesn't send a single joule of energy directly out onto the external
circult or power line! Note that the rigorous detinition of work is the change of torm of energy. When we
crank the generator shatt, we input mechanical energy, which once the generator rotates is changed
(courtesy of Nikola Tesla!) into rotating magnetic field energy inside the generator itself. In turn, this
rotating magnetic field energy is dissipated totally inside the generator, to force opposite charges apart
and thus to produce that magic source dipolarity with its broken symmetry. The broken symmetry of this
internal dipolarity then absorbs virtual state energy from the seething virtual state vacuum, and transforms
it to real, observable photons (real, usable electromagnetic energy) which it continually pours out. It 1s
this stream of real electromagnetic energy flow that pours from the terminals of the generator and along
through space outside the external conductors.
A tiny portion of this giant energy flow (the Poynting component) is diverged into the conductors to
"power up the electrons" and thus power the circuit. A huge curled giant Heaviside component remains,
but (in any special relativistic situation) is not diverged, does not interact, and does nothing.
But the generator actually outputs more than a trillion times as much total electromagnetic energy
flow (in both the feeble Poynting electromagnetic energy flow component and the accompanying giant
Heaviside curled electromagnetic energy flow component) as the mechanical energy that we physically
input to the shaft of the generator.
The knowledge of Heaviside's giant usually-nondiverged energy flow component is what Morgan
from the theory by Lorentz in 1900, so that all the future electrical engineers would
think that they only produce the diverged Ponting component of energy tlow and nothing else.
Very good modern classical electrodynamicists continue to ignore any and all curled energy flow
components accompanying the Poynting linear flow component. Quoting Jackson :
"...the Poynting vector is arbitrary to the extent that the curl of any vector field can be added to it.
Let us comment: Jackson is quite correct so long as the situation remains special relativistic. In that
case, vector analysis holds and the divergence of the curl is zero. The curled giant energy flow component
thus does not diverge or interact with anything.
But if the situation is deliberately made general relativistic or deliberately involves a properly
synchronized general relativistic operation, then Jackson's statement is false. In that case, a bit of that
giant curled energy flow component does diverge after all, and comes into the circuit to help power it. In
optical physics, the negative resonance absorption of the medium (NRAM) phenomenon (released by the
‹ussians in 196 / 1s lust such a process. though that 1s completely unknown to our optical physicists. Bu
n the optimized narrow frequency experiments using laser input energy, the COP is actually COP = 18 a
experimentally measured every year in all leading optical physics groups worldwide.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
22
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 611, "chars": 4106, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
But none of them are allowed to say "excess emission"
, but are force to use the deliberately mind-
numbing phrase "negațive absorption"
• Anyway, we proposed using that NRAM process to build heat
amplitiers in steam boilers, so that with closed positive teedback the steam boiler can be made selt-
powering. This would immediately and dramatically lower the consumption of coal, nuclear fuel rods,
natural gas, etc. in most of our electrical power plants already built and deployed. For a crude little paper
on it, see Thomas E. Bearden and Kenneth D. Moore,
Electromagnetic Power Systems by Extracting and Using Excess EM Energy from the Heaviside Energy
Flow Component". PPA, filed and obtained in Oct. 2005. Now released into public domain and freely
given away to the public domain. It is available at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/PPA%20Increasing%20COP%20by%20addn1%20extractn%20from
20flow la.DOC.
As you can see, our electrical engineers are deliberately (and unknowingly) trained to only build
symmetrical systems that destroy their free energy wind input faster than they use some of it to power the
loads, and that do not do anything "general relativistic" so that a part of that now-unaccounted giant
curled Heaviside electromagnetic energy component also gets diverged and thereby converted into an
extra Poynting energy component). In short, our own electrical engineers, protessors, and departments
self-enforce COP<1.0 performance and are thereby directly responsible for the world energy crisis, giant
pollution of the biosphere, and the deaths of hundreds of millions of impoverished peoples world wide!
The thing 1s this: Our scientitic community should tund and permit the bright young theoreticians
and bright young professors to tangle with the technical problem of how to go about building
symmetrical interception and powering systems, once they easıly assemble a tree electromagnetic energy
vind source tor turnishing the input energy treely trom the vacuum. Let them tirst remove the diabolica.
and will separately use (dissipate) it to power the external loads without disturbing the "crossed dipoles
and their broken symmetry"
Comment by Gary Vesperman: Was John Pierpont Morgan really that sharp a bean-counter?!! In
spite of his demonstrated ruthlessness and his exploitation of the genius Nikola Tesla, we would have to
give him credit for his conjunction of acute business acumen with his not inconsequential understanding
of physics. Morgan left a legacy of energy invention suppression that endures to this day.
Frank Richardson: Magnetic Electrical Generator and Bladeless Steam Turbine
As told to Gary Vesperman by Frank Richardson, during the 1970's four Nevada Test Site (NTS)
technicians helped Frank Kichardson, an NIS electrician, invent a magnet-based electrical generator that
required no input power and also a bladeless Tesla-type steam turbine.
Patent No. 4,077,001) uses two pairs of electromagnets to warp a permanent magnet's magnetic fields
back and forth across output field coils to induce a DC output voltage. Dr. Thomas Bearden's motionless
electromagnetic generator (see above) is based on the same principle.
The bladeless steam turbine has a closed-loop cycle that Richardson claimed is far more efficient
than the electric motor in terms of converting electrical energy into rotational energy for application to a
vehicle's drive wheels. The water is heated with radio frequencies like a microwave oven into steam that
is then forced through two disks in sequence. The electricity for the water heater came from the generator.
output power was measured at approximately 1,000 horsepower.
A Volkswagen Beetle was outfitted with these inventions and driven around without energy input.
Some people tried to steal these two inventions. Two of the technicians died under suspicious
circumstances, and Richardson had to go into hiding until his recent death. It is Gary Vesperman's
understanding that the black helicopter people might have had nothing to do with this situation; just greed.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
23
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3460, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): Energy Inventors are Buzzed by Black Helicopters
A few years ago one summer, an energy inventor's house was buzzed twice by a black helicopter.
He said they appeared to be an older Hughes model painted black and with no markings. He asked a
friend who is an air traffic controller at the local airport. His friend reported no radar sightings. One of the
Bear young coting on is dope at to as real gir and i cal bribes the
depleted uranium.)
Also about that time the energy inventor and some other people narrowly escaped a tlip and crash in
a private plane which had a cut on a tire. The cut was then hidden by rolling the plane.
Las Vegas UFO buff Tym Schofield was driving around the desert one year when some black
helicopters swooped low over his car and gave him a really good scare. He was on his way home after
appearıng on a radio talk show.
had is an i am notice and onlined te i i ale a Bach ed ie hite Ne sorted
hovering below the ridgeline out of sight of "radar" from the flatlands a black helicopter with something
that looked like a high-powered "shotgun-like" antenna on the nose. The copter was totally silent, black,
numberless and pointing this "thing" at his shop. After having dropped off his child at home he went back
down to his shop and tound all his computers were OFF line, and not booting any more. Had his
equipment just gotten zapped with an electromagnetic pulse? Was he being snooped on long range? Who
The town was about 10 miles due west of Golden Colorado, and the mountain they were nearest is
called Mount Tom.
• They were between Mount Tom and Dratch's shop, very close to the hilltop closest to
him (within about 500 teet), but about 8 miles SE of the large mountain (Mount Tom), just clearing the
hill's ridge and below tree line. He would not have seen them at his shop as at that altitude they were
below tree line, but hovering silently. When he crested the hill that was when he was above tree line for a
moment, and saw them there. He no longer has his shop at the old location as a few years after that all the
The black choppers now and then make a point of buzzing him, and/or hovering. But Dratch hasn't
had any ground attacks - just this aerial stuff. Generally they tend to appear when he runs tests...
The two black helicopter stories below were excerpted with permission from Erik Masen's articl
SUPPRESSION FROM HIGHER UP Inventors Beware! The Deadly Campaign Against Free-energy
http://www.electrifyingtimes.com/erik_masen_suppression.html.)
At the International lesla Society conference in 1993. a videotape of an advanced generator
utilizing tachyon waves was presented without the inventor's permission. This generator not only
produces excess energy, but also exhibits time-warping characteristics. The tape was shown on a Friday
afternoon, 3,000 miles from the inventor's home.
Alcohol, Tory no and Fireass (A) ages doral on the invest ador anand See the device.
He politely told them no.
The tollowing day, a black helicopter hovered above his house taking pictures of the inside. (These
black helicopters and even some satellites apparently now have the capability of photographing every
item inside a building.)
On a recent morning talk show featuring the U-2 spy plane, it was revealed that the plane's audio
receivers are so sensitive they can pick up ground-level conversations from an altitude of 70,000 feet.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
24
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 4467, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(The black helicopter stories below were told to Gary Vesperman at the 1997 International Tesla
Society Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colorado by health physicist John W. Moreland, Ph.D.,1251
Smith Thompson Road, Bethpage, TN 37022 (near Nashville); voice 615-888-3428. Moreland publishes
and sells 34 engineering and physics textbooks - mostly old books that he thought ought to be republished
and made available. He has accumulated several yards of files on unconventional energy devices.)
It is reportedly possible to approach within a half-mile of a base east of Nashville, Tennessee which
louses at least 100 black unmarked helicopters, some black unmarked C-130 transport airplanes, anc
black unmarked jeeps.
A county commissioner, whose jurisdiction includes Nashville and who owns a tarm, became upset
with black helicopters tlying over his farm at night scaring and scattering his animals. He complained to
Congress, the Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Agency, etc. without satisfaction.
Some years ago, an inventor in another city had his house buzzed a few times by black helicopters.
One night during a particularly aggravating buzzing, the inventor shot down the black helicopter which
killed both pilots and demolished his house. He was arrested and charged with murder. At a hearing, his
lawyer held up a Washington Post newspaper headline "Federal Government Claims Black Helicopters
Don't Exist"
. The charges were dropped because black helicopters don't exist.
So afterwards when another inventor in early June one year at 2 a.m. had his one-story house
buzzed by a black helicopter 3 teet above his root, he went outside with a flashlight and a pistol. He
aimed the light at the pilot, ran the light along the fuselage and after finding no identifying numbers, tol
the pilot he doesn't exist. He then disabled the tail rotor with his pistol. (He didn't want to injure the two
helicopiers helicopter took off fishtailing from side to side. Since then he hasn't been visited by black
Black humor? It could be supposed that these two shooting incidents prove that it must conveniently
on, has and be anged Anciean diers pricity mory inventors who potentialy are abelo
put large energy industries out of business. Some of these black helicopter pilots may even be wondering
about why they are participating in suppression of new energy inventions.
10, No. 2, Mote that Some say S blacksienco per ate part of the Bureal, ocho, Firearms, ad
, Electrifying Times, 2007, Vol.
Tobacco which operates under the U.S. Treasury Department, which in turn operates with the U.S.
Federal Reserve, which is a private corporation, which operates with the World Bank, over which the U.S.
Government apparently has no jurisdiction. Thus, the black helicopters can do as they please.
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): Shielding Over-Unity Power Converters
A typical radio wave that is radiated out of an antenna comprises of transverse waves of
elector ancie en
electromagnetic energy. These transverse radio waves oscillate perpendicularly to the axis along which
The zero point energy field is an immensely energetic medium, omnipresent throughout the
universe, of random electromagnetic waves with frequencies ranging from near zero to frequencies so
extremely high as to be undetectable.
An over-unity power converter generates more output power than the input power it needs to
operate. Hence its ratio of output power to input power is greater than one. That is, it is operating at
"Over-unity". Its leftover output power is thus available to do useful work for "free"; hence the popular
term "free energy" machine.
Some types of over-unity power converters are designed to extract energy from the zero point
energy field. What's interesting is that longitudinal waves of electromagnetic energy are emitted during
the energy extraction process. That is, these longitudinal electromagnetic waves oscillate along the axis of
their travel, not perpendicular to the axis like transverse radio waves.
Detecting these longitudinal electromagnetic waves requires special sophisticated instruments. The
U.S. Government maintains a network of such instruments in orbiting satellites to monitor the entire earth
for these signals. (This same network is also employed to usefully detect, locate by triangulation, and
report lightning bolts in real-time which helps to justify the network's enormous expense.)
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
25
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 740, "chars": 4606, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
If a longitudinal electromagnetic signal is picked up, it is assumed that an inventor is experimenting
with a working over-unity power converter or generator. The location of the device is triangulated, anc
he inventor is then "visited"
', liquidated or whatever by energy invention suppression hit squads in order
to safeguard markets for gasoline and metered centrally generated electricity.
Copper-lined Faraday cages, normally used for shielding radio waves, are not adequate for blocking
these signals from over-unity converters of zero point energy. One experimenter has suggested using
bismuth.
The all-seeing Big Brother effectiveness of the U.S. Government's zero point energy extraction
detecting and tracking network has been demonstrated by one zero point energy experimenter's
complaint:
"I have not been able to locate any type of material that will shield this type of energy. The best
dvice is to work underground and operate only for briet periods of time 10 to 15 minutes at random
imes. Also heavy cloud cover, wind, rain and other thunderstorms are good for masking vour
experiments.
had black choppers and power company trucks crawling all over me within 15 minutes when.
liscovered an over-unity effect in my shop. I think they would have been at my door if I had not shut the
unit off when I did. They changed every ground and insulator on all the power poles for miles around my
location looking for the source of the energy they had detected."
This writer, Gary Vesperman, pieced together the above from various sources. David G. Yurth
questions its accuracy per his July 7, 2006 email below.
Gary: You may want to consider the following with respect to your descriptions of both radio waves
and the ZPE field phenomena.
Radio waves are indeed waves of electromagnetic energy. In some cases they are transverse, and in
some cases they oscillate perpendicular to the axis along which they are propagated. But in the case of the
CIHA antenna, for example, which is really a magnetic resonance oscillating antenna device, the wave
form can be either spherical or hemispherical. In some cases, as in the case of the devices we
demonstrated several years ago, the wave form can be narrowed to as little as .1 degree second in a semi-
hemispherical form.
In most cases, Re waves radiate in a straight line from the propagation point — that is why, for
example, RF devices used during the day have a range that is limited to less than 22 miles Ton flat
topology, unless repeater towers are provided at key points along the horizon. However, with the CTHA
device, particularly when it is used on the surtace of large bodies of water, and more partıcularly when
used on the surface of salt water, the hemispherical wave form coheres to the surface of the water and is
attenuated at only about 10% the normal rate of RF signals propagated through the air. In addition,
because of the nature of water itself, extra low frequency radio waves are the only RF waves that can be
'elied on to propagate a signal through any appreciable distance of water. However, with the CTHA, this
s not true. These devices have been shown to send RF signals through the water at much higher [VHI
and UHF] frequencies than any other known devices, with minimal attenuation and virtually no distortion.
Why they operate in this way is not known to science in general and to the US Navy in particular.
My notion about this is that the CTHA configuration propagates non-local field effects as well as
linear ones. Because the non-local effects are neither understood nor optimized in the current
echnologies. what we observe is the elect oi a non-linear wave propagation device used in application
vhich are typically linear. The Y-Bias manuscript explains how this works and why it is important
Finally, the zero point is probably not an immensely energetic medium, omnipresent throughout the
universe, of random electromagnetic waves with frequencies ranging from near zero to frequencies so
extremely high as to be undetectable.
Kather, as the Y-Bias research suggests, the zero point is the intertace between the physical vacuum
and the 4-D physical universe we live in. It is not something extrinsic to the physical world we observe
but is utterly intrinsic at the tinest scales of organization. This insight is the reason the y-Bias intormation
is so important. What it means, for example, is that neither Tom Bearden's MEG nor Correa's orgone
generator is really operating at the zero point or anywhere near it. Rather, what they are doing is tapping
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
26
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 626, "chars": 4053, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the quantum pump that operates within the organizational structure of all matter and energy at the tourth
scale of development to liberate an infinite supply of electrons via one biased voltage schema or another.
What the Heavyside equations and Whittaker's formulation make clear [quaternions] is that every
variety of physical material exhibits a quantum oscillating frequency. Modern science has only just begun
to understand the importance of this concept so thẹ literature is not yet replete with references to the
quantum trequencies of all the elements and their isotopes. Nevertheless, when the quantum trequency of
iny material can be excited by an outside force which causes it to operate in a narrowly defined local ir
terms of a harmonic resonance, the dynamic properties of self-organizing criticality kıck in to produce
exponentially more powertul internal oscillations than would normally occur within the sub-atomic
We know this because when carefully prepared isotopes of certain rare earth materials are
intercalated within the crystalline lattice structure of conductive thin films, and then exposed to permanent
magnetic fields, the atoms of the isotope produce prodigious amounts of electrical voltage and current
continuously, without consuming either the atoms themselves nor the materials within which the atoms
are held in stasis in the lattice itself.
We have a prototype engine which is in its third generation now that has been operating
continuously for 76 days. The data recorder shows that the power output has remained steady day and
night throughout the test period. The mass of the material has not changed one iota in that time and
neither has the composition of the substrate, the crystalline material or the original atomic isotopes
themselves.
Bearden solved the source charge problem partially when he demonstrated that mass is organized
and deconstructed at the zero point with a quantum trequency that absoros a virtual photon trom the
physical vacuum and then liberates a real photon when two virtual charge ensembles combine to form the
organized datum which is characterized at the second scale of organization. This operation goes or
continuously within the heart of every iota ot material tound everywhere in the universe - it is this tact
born out by the Y-Bias analysıs, that gives the lie to the Big Bang Theory. All primary partıcles were not
created at the instant of the Big Bang - instead, everything about the cosmos is being recreated at a
this physical dimensione, at every aldress in the cosmos, continuously, as part of the autopoietic nature of
tapping the zero point, you call rile haired it as hermenals of ed local earne
you are referring to has nothing at all to do with the zero point. -- Dave
(This writer, Gary Vesperman, recently edited David G. Yurth's ground-breaking 153-page physics
monograph "Y-Bias and Angularity
: The Dynamics of selt-Organızing Criticality trom the Zero Point
to Infinity". I also edited Yurth's 380-page "Seeing Past the Edge" which explores and ties together such
advanced scientific topics as nuclear physics, mind-matter connection, holographic universe, and the
torsion field.)
Ph.D. Electrical Engineer: Advanced Form of Plasma-Discharge Energy
In inventor and a Ph.D. electrical engineer trom one of our prestigious universities had made
breakthrough on an advanced form of plasma-discharge energy. They hired a hall in a mid-sized town ir
Une day, his neighbors told one of them they had seen a black helicopter hovering over his house
Did ay at work. Evident se into, also stake out the ab
After three weeks of surveillance, a S.W.A.T. team of six kicked down the lab door, and with axes,
'S. W.A.T. TEAM" printed on the backs of their brownish uniforms.
The inventors were told to cease all turther development, and the apartments owned by one of the
inventors were condemned. The tenants were ordered to leave, and the Ph.D. electrical engineer is still
being harassed by the IRS to this day.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
27
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 632, "chars": 4180, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): Six CIA Agents at 1996 Tesla Society Symposium
When this writer attended an International Tesla Society Symposium in Colorado springs, Colorado
in 1996, I was told that the inventor of a new type of carburetor thạt can triple the mileage of a car has had
his social security number taken away. Also attending the convention were at least one U.S.
Government's Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent, identitied by someone standing in the
registration line behind him who happened to see his identification card, and another five CIA agents.
One of the CIA agents threatened a co-inventor of an electrical generator utilizing two types of
radioactive waste as he was walking up to the podium to give his speech. However, this story needs
further verification.
Gary Vesperman (Reporter): US versus Japanese Support of Cold Fusion
The leading cold fusion community website is http://www.lenr-canr.org/. The site features a library
t papers on Low-Energy Nuclear Reactions (LENK) — also known as cold tusion. Chemically Assistec
Nuclear Reactions (CAÑR) is another term for this phenomenon. The site features a library of more thar
0U original scientitic papers in Acrobat tormat, reprinted with permission trom the authors an‹
bublishers. The papers are linked to a bibliography of over 3,000 journal papers, news articles and book
about LENR.
In Japan, inventors are treated as national heroes and are lavishly supported. The Japanese
government's annual R & D budget in cold fusion had been $100 million per year (since greatly reduced).
Japan has issued over 100 low-energy nuclear reaction patents. In contrast the U.S. Patent Office has so
far approved only one cold fusion patent application out of 300. (This statistic is possibly out-of-date.)
Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischman: Cold Fusion
Much misrepresentation and falsification of evidence happened after Stanley Pons and Martin
Fleischman announced in March 1989 that they had achieved fusion by electrochemical means. Several
(MIT), Yale/Brookhaven) reported negative results on cold fusion that were based on shoddy
experimental work and a misunderstanding of the Pons-Fleischmann claims. They gave a hostile hot
fusion establishment the excuse it needed to conclude that the claims made by Pons and Fleischmann
were bogus. In November 1989, a U.S. Department ot Energy pane. concluded the same atter a shallow
mock investigation of only seven months. Eugene F. Mallove, Sc.D., was the Chief Science Writer at the
MIT News Office at the time. He played a part in exposing the MIT report as mistaken, possibly
fraudulent, and resigned in protest over it in 1991.
It is ironic that each of these negative results were
themselves the product of the kind of low-quality work of which Fleischmann and Pons were accused.
The ditterence was that the reports said what the hot tusion community wanted to hear. This was the
legacy of the 1989 ERAB report, but that legacy must now be reversed - and it will be, however long that
Or. Mallove later founded and edited/published Infinite Energy magazine until in May 16, 2005 he
was robbed and bludgeoned to death by a pair of pathetic drug addicts. The 1999 Issue 24 of Infinite
documented that life spected the trust of is donors, Cold yees and She cial lie in the exersiy of its
scientific research into cold fusion.
In addition to suppressing cola fusion, MIl has also suppressed its solid-state lithium-ion roll-to-
roll battery patents which would increase the efficiency and performance and lower the cost of electric
and hybrid vehicles. See Remy Chevalier's report below on NIMH and solid-state lithium-ion batteries.
Chevalier does ask "Is it because MIT is cashing checks from the Rockefeller Bros. and the Ford
Foundation?" So he may be hinting that, possibly based on inside information, MIT's suppression of cold
fusion and its battery patents is due to its secret protection of the oil/auto monopoly.
experimental evidence that the cold fusion effect indeed exists. Dr. Frank E. Gordon, the head of the
center's Navigation and Applied Sciences Department, writes in the foreword:
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
28
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 708, "chars": 4734, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That "cold fusion" continues to be ignored by the scientitic establishment, and, to add insult to
dears de", oil are being footh, a protest a source of enday that could solve handalys energy problemse
for all eternity is being ignored by all but a small community of researchers. At the same time, the dead-
end "hot fusion" program continues to receive billions of dollars in public funds. If there is a scandal
associated with cold fusion, this is it. (Source: 'The Suppression of Inconvenient Facts in Physics - The
Cold Fusion Scandal - Rochus Börner, Ph.D., Cold Fusion Times, Vol 12 No 2, August 2005. See alsc
http://www.std.com/~mica/ctt.html. Excerpted from "The Suppression of Inconvenient Facts in Physics"
http://www.suppressedscience.net/physics.html. This paper compiles instances of suppression of honest
examination of flaws in some of the major theories held inviolable by Western science bureaucracies. In
addition to the supposed impossibility of cold fusion and low-energy transmutation, mainstream Western
physicists hotly defend, in spite of "inconvenient facts in physics"
, relativity theory, the constancy of the
speed of light, absence of signals traveling faster than the speed of light, quantum theory, big bans
cosmology, impossibility of anti-gravity, commercial hot fusion, and the second law of thermodynamics.)
Mitchell Swartz: U.S. Patent Office Blocks Cold Fusion Patents
Mitchell R. Swartz, MD, Sc.D, has four electrical engineering degrees from Massachusetts Institute
of Technology. He is an engineer and physician who has been inventing for decades, and has received
many patents. Two of his previous patent applications went to the Board of Patent Appeals and were
subsequently issued.
Yet, even with that extensive experience, never before had Swartz seen such misbehavior.
ystematic prejudice, conspiracy and disingenuous statements as has been demonstrated by the U.S
Patent Office regarding several of his patent applications involving lattice-assisted nuclear reactions, and
devices which measure conditions leading to such reactions (often referred to as "cold fusion").
Regardıng cold tusion, it is a real science, and swartz and his tellow researchers have conducted
solid, meticulous research for almost two decades. He recently gave lectures to the Detense Threat
Reduction Agency and the Naval Research Laboratory, both of which recognized the utility of his work in
cola tusion. No one trom either erudite group (more than a hundred scientists and engineers) gave ever
›ne iota of the disparagement which, in stark contrast, has been doled out from the Patent Office withou
foundation on a weekly or monthly basis continually for more than two decades. Along with the
disparagement, the Patent OUttice has been disingenuous to the tederal courts and the Board of Patent
Appeals, and has demonstrated not only a conflict of interest but also salient improper behavior.
The egregious behavior of the Patent Ottice with respect to cold fusion patent applications has
ignored the U.S. Constitution and Congress' directive to "encourage progress and to encourage ingenuity
with patentable statutory subject matter to include anything under the sun that is made by man"
Supporting said Congressional directive, attention is directed to the tact that issuing a patent would
normally be mandated because these processes involve the loading of heavy hydrogen into palladium and
its generation to form helium and heat. Such transformation has been declared patentable by the federal
To illustrate exactly how the Patent Office methodically destroys cold fusion patent applications
and probably many other energy patent applications), Swartz describes two patent applications of hi
vhich had nothing to do with the cold fusion process directly, but were in fact methods of improvin
technologies of measuring loading of hydrogen into metals and of measuring heat production
(calorimetry). They both just happen to be useful to cold fusion. The mere hint of application to cold
fusion at the Patent Office was enough to warrant (as they see it) harassment, discrimination, and obvious
deviation from normal procedure.
The Patent Office concocted several false reasons to scuttle his applications. For example, the
Patent Office falsely claimed that Swartz had purported that there was
"excess heat" in the invention of a
method for improving the measurement of loading of hydrogen into metal. However, those two words
were never even mentioned in the patent application. Swartz pointed out to the Patent Office their error,
who then studiously ignored his Affidavit -timely filed and supported with many other Declarations
supporting him.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
29
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 630, "chars": 4366, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"electric power drive",
'thermally monitoring"
', "thermal output", "optimum drive
, and even for "multiring calorimeter"
Showing systematically hostile, abusive behavior to Swartz and his patent applications, the Patent
Office would frequently ignore and not even officially log exhibits and declarations. For example, the
Patent Office denied the validity and workability of his two inventions in spite of substantial peer-
reviewed documentation of careful measured, protessionally witnessed experimental results of actually
working prototypes. The Patent Office was able to back up such denials simply by not bothering to log
pertinent documents.
To avoid responding to what was tiled which 1s actually required by law and custom, the Patent
Office brazenly relied upon reference to art irrelevant to the actual specifications and claims. Responding
to the initial denial of his patent application for a vibrating electrode for measuring the loading of
hydrogen into metals, Swartz appealed to the Board of Patent Appeal. In their decision to again deny his
patent application, the Board's Decision incredibly included only two (2) sentences pertaining to the
actual invention. The remainder of the Decision's 28 pages comprised of a stale, totally irrelevant carbor
copy attack on cold fusion and Drs. Pons and Fleischmann. This has been one of the Patent Office's
typical distraction processes.
The Patent Office has routinely made many false statements in federal documents. For example,
they falsely stated once "there is no disclosure...
involving temperature, and again for voltage. Yet the
applications do discuss temperature or voltage, and Swartz in his July 30, 2007 letter to Gary Vesperman
cited the actual pages where these parameters were discussed more than once.
These two inventions are only two of more than a dozen patent applications Swartz submitted to the
Patent Office where the response has been disingenuousness, obstruction, and failure by the Patent Office
to abide by a uniform standard consistent with their own rules.
In summary, it is important to remember that this is not an issue of a difference of opinion; it is
about a two-tiered system to enable chronic discrimination (suppression) against cold fusion and probably
many other energy inventions. It is about an agency of the U.S. Government thumbing their noses at the
U.S. Constitution, at the U.S. Congress, at American security, and at American citizens. It is about an
agency "losing" checks, "losing" pleadings, "losing" Exhibits, and failing to answer Declarations and
pleadings over seventeen years.
The Patent Office remains quite comfortable and shameless as it viciously ignores Article I, Section
8 of the U.S. Constitution, the explicit directives of the U.S. Congress which funds it, and even its own
rules. It is egregious and odious that some in the Patent Office use systematic disingenuity to rob
inventors, and more importantly America itself of these American-crafted energy-related inventions. The
cover-up of cold fusion is complete, as the applications are now transferred overseas to hurt the United
States of America.
(Source: In his July 30, 2007 letter to Gary Vesperman, Mitchell Swartz backs up his allegations
with specific citations of law, reference to ~140 pounds of over 300 indisputable papers submitted as
evidence, legal briefs, etc. Swartz also mailed to Vesperman the August 2005 issue of Cold Fusion Times
decision by the Board or Patent Appeals and interes inever Before see are ive
Court legal document, 1 found the Petition fascinating to skim through. For instance, 1 counted 62
references to previous cases. I used to work as a technical writer preparing computer manuals for 18
Silicon Valley companies. The materials Swartz mailed to me confirm the suspicion I have had for a long
time that patents demand the ultimate in technical writing.)
Robert Bass: Low-Energy Nuclear Transmutation
From: Don Quixote II <donquixote@radix.net>
To: Sir Arthur C. Clarke <blenheim@sri.lanka.net>
Date: Saturday, November 25, 2000 8:07 AM
Subject: A WARNING? My micropellet proposal to Japanese government
Have 3 people been assassinated because of the Cincinnati Group's discovery of a low-energy
nuclear transmutation process that can be used, e.g., for radioactive waste remediation?
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
30
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 684, "chars": 4155, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The original 14 addressees are all editors or investigative reporters
From: Bass, Robert W (IDS)
To: Adil Shamoo ; Barbara DelloRusso ; Eugene F. Mallove ; George Miley ; Hal Fox ; Jean-Francois
Cazorla ; Jed Rothwell ; Jim Wilson ; Mitchell Swartz ; Pat Bailey ; Patrick Bailey ; Charles B. Stevens ;
Elijah C. Boyd ; Marjorie Hecht
Cc: 'Xing-Zhong Li'
Sent: Friday, November 24, 2000 6:50 PM
Subject: My micropellet proposal to Japanese government
PREFACE: It is readily documented that the CIA and the KGB and the Mossad, etc. all have
"sprays" which can be sprayed upon someone and cause him to die of apparently natural causes. One
amous case occurred (not long aiter Chris insle
handed spraying a Hamas activist in Jordan, and King Hussein told the Israeli Prime Minister that it the
didn't send the antidote quick there would be hell to pay; but it wasn't the Mossad which sent the antidote
to Jordan, it was the CIA! (They sent a doctor from the Mayo clinic [who had been previously accused of
being a collaborator with the CIA] to revive the victim.) (The "Hamas activist" was apparently Hamas'
›yrıa-based political chiet, Khalea Mashaal. As Mashaal lay dying in a Jordanlan hospital, King Husseir
pressured Israel to provide the antidote in return for releasing the Mossad agents. Gary Vesperman)
Șo much for people who say that political assassinations by democratic governments are paranoid
fantasies.
Hal Fox,
Dr. LI approached me semi-publicly atter the Amerıcan Nuclear Society (AND) meeting, where he
reard me talk about the CG's LENT process. He said that he hadn't wanted to spoll my presentation by
saving anything negative. but he wanted ME to know that he himself did NOT believe the CG claims anc
that he could NO1 contirm the claims based on his own experience and that yet he liked me and wanted
ne to know "the truth." (By the way, did you know that Dr. Li has 35 Ph.D.'s working for him full-time
on cold fusion in China with Chinese government support?!!)
Dr. Li said that he had gone to your lab in Utah and watched you and Dr. Jin run the experiment
the salid angle or he dele dor ena is uneyan ed aim hea hen is mongo erso red id nile.
so that the radioactivity SEEMS to be decreasing but it is a false alarm.
He said that he took the "before & after" fluids that you gave him back to China and had them tested
but with negative results. (But Li did admit that the straight-line graph I showed could not be explained
by his negative assumptions and was "affirmative evidence on the side of the CG.")
cong Erc i ber purt ein mgy him ac hey sehie ved bol conite padinec balndi AND
complete. In their publication they claim that they achieved both complete
complete "chemical balance" of the before-process and after-process rèsults.
However, Celani's boss died in midlife of alleged "natural causes". And you know that Stan
Gleeson of the Cincinnati Group seemed to be perfectly well when he suddenly died at age 48 of "
troke." George Miley told me that when at IC'CF-8 he asked Celani why he didn't follow throuch on this
ype of LENT work (which Chris Tinsley was starting in England [having emailed me about Stan's open-
beaker LENI test_ just before he dropped dead at age ~50 of "natural causes"). the reply of Celani was
"THREE PEOPLE have died, and I don't want to be the fourth!" George Miley thought that Celani was
talkıng about radiation-sickness danger, but that is not what Celani has in mind! The proof that Celani is
open to conspiracy theories is that he is on the masthead of the LaRouche magazine and they don't merely
suspect conspiracy, they have been jailed by a U.S. Government conspiracy.
Lawrence Hecht shook my hand at the American Nuclear Society meeting atter having just got out
on parole after 5 years of a multi-decades sentence for "selling securities without a license" which was not
Levertary omla of VA ( he z days olter al a mata aRge as payoi for b despite th alter studying
the matter for 2 weeks decided that Political Loans are indeed 'securities.' (One of Hecht's colleagues is
still in jail [illegally] with a 77-year sentence.)
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
31
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3489, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
he barbaric nature of a //-year sentence for a technical intraction is selt-evidently PROOF of evi
at work: Pres. George Bush's stockbroker brother Neil Bush of Silverado Bankın Colorado was
REALLY guilty of the same infraction, but he was merely fined $1,000 and told to "be more careful" and
"don't do it again"!
_ Teel that my own lite has been threatened in writing, indirectly by the British government. Here's
why: Nobel Laureate Brian Josephson agreed to show at the historic Cavendish Lab the Mallove colc
fusion video which I had hand-carried to him. Dr. Josephson even published in Gene's Infinite Energy
magazine a letter saying he was going to show the video publicly!
But when there was a conference there and many important scientists present, suddenly Josephson
he, Josephson, was
to believe" that the whole CF/LENR thing was a delusion!! I tried to get J to say why he had agreed. He
replied (with copies of his email to me both to Gene and to Yeong Kim at Purdue) that it was for reasons
of military security; "they" are afraid that terrorists or rogue nations will learn how to make vest-pocket
1-bombs (1 his is why physicist Fred Zimmerman of the Us State Dept. Is helping Park with hi
ampaion to outlaw cold fusion meetings.'
When I replied to J that my own theory of deuterium crystals could be used to make "fusion micro-
pellets" or "micro-bombs" and that I had sent a copy of my proposal to the Japanese government before
they terminated their NHE program, J replied to me that I had better "keep your bright ideas to yourself'
proposal to the Japanese
government. My MSD "bright idea" which J says I should keep to myself has been spread all over the
world by Internet since late 1997. So it's too late to suppress the idea by suppressing me.
Best personal regards,
Bob
Dr. Bass is an unusually innovative physicist. Hot fusion requires millions of volts or the
equivalent. Hal Fox's cold fusion apparatus requires almost 5,000 volts. Bass's process only takes 17.5
volts to ignite!
Bob Dratch: Thorium Powerpack
ob Dratch's thorium powerpack would generate electricity at approximately one-tenth of the cost
of current methods of producing electricity. Thorium is sufficiently abundant that the entire planet can be
require energy-intensive enrichment as is the case with uranium.
A thorium-powered reactor is inherently safe. It doesn't run the risk of "meltdown" or explosion nor
can even a dirty bomb be created. Its nuclear reaction simply stops when its neutron exciter is turned off.
a 4-D Cel slashlegha, add stales table top sizild it tron exciter designact shis shile stone to the size of
effective system can run off 4 D cells for its power.
A thorium powerpack's neutron excitor does not use radioactive flux components as conventionally
done for portable systems. Instead it relies on Dratch's invention of a novel method of resonant phonon
pair cleavage using specifically designed nuclear lattice holo-forms (holographic wavetorms) to induce
neutron imbalance in a host atom where the host atom then attempts to establish "balance" through the
liberation of neutrons. Dratch demonstrated the first model of this novel design back in 1966.
Commercial thorium powerpacks can be developed with 50 or 100 kilowatts of output for home
use, and up to 1 megawatt for industrial use. They actually are "power amplifiers" with power outputs of
60 times over input power. Maintenance would be minimal.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
32
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 814, "chars": 4940, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Predictably, Dratch complains of harassment and even death threats for nearly three decades. He
and his family do not enjoy any peace or security, and the police and district attorneys are allowing the
threats to continue. That is what really stinks. It seems like there is more than meets the eye behind the
scenes going on.
cartin rich had one smal socion om id us, when he had published betone Post al id heirs.
and again it used properly shaped sonic fields to do the separation. The scanning system was the basis
again for obtaining the proper waveform patterns.
Dratch supposes his problems appeared atter he demonstrated his inventions at the Global Sciences
Conference and during his workshops since the late 1980's. He has some ideas about who the perpetrators
are on the international scene, but nothing really firm. It does tie into Russia and the Middle East. At one
point during an early workshop there was a Chinese scientist attending, who worked for the Chinese
government and identified himself as such.
To develop his driving patterns for the neutron generation function Dratch uses his scanning system
which seemed to have been the initial crux of where the recent bout of suppression started (that was
pioneered in 1985, developed by 1988, and in full use by 1990).
Dratch unfortunately has a few more stories about being harassed and death threatened to him and
his family by stalkers trying to get proprietary technologies. One stalker has been arrested and taken off
his property. The stalkers got away without being brought to justice. The courts instead wanted to cite
Dratch in contempt for dare showing that the stalkers were harassing and threatening him. Since that time
back in 1992 the same stalking has gone on; there has been email and phone harassment; and the DA's
office and police don't do a thing.
Dratch writes about his technologies on his website http://www.bob-dratch.org. Among the topics
Dratch covers are energy stuff, anti-gravity stuff and consciousness altering stuff.
The earliest suppression was when Dratch's patent application was stolen out of the patent
examiners' room and handed off to cronies to develop and exploit. Dratch was the one who designed the
equations and concept of the Global Positioning System (GPS) - that was back in the very early 1970's.
As best as Dratch can determine the Department of Defense was who the information he submitted at the
Patent Office was directed tọ. That loss and damages is insurmountable to him. He has proof that his
equations which were submitted at that time during filing are the same equations used to this day for the
GPS equation. Tracing the evolution of GPS will reveal all the parties involved if one can get past the
suppression and cover-ups. It then went to a private protessional working tor the U.s. Government tor
their own version of the
patent" and assigned it back to the government. In the early 1970's Dratch was
offered $150K by them to sell out to them. He refused saying this is worth billions. Little did he know it
was worth trillions.
In the mid-18s Dratch designed a bio-sensory system that seemed quite capable of sampling
tields and generating data signatures making up that object scanned. He continued to evolve the
technology. It took on many forms. In about early 2001, he was contacted by the U.S. Air Force to modify
hat system to locate underground unexploded ordinance. The USAF got at his expense about $180K
worth of consulting and demonstrations doing a bench test showing that his technology would work. They
promised a series of further steps leading to contracts. They then disappeared after they apparently feli
the research held pro arofessor in Denvers To thih say sill hast solved te mising i est hey
weren't able to figure out.
After having given a demonstration of the sensory technology in the early 1990's Dratch was
stalked, harassed, and death threats were made to him and his family to the tune of "Give them the
technology or else".
• At one point two of the stalkers came on his property armed with knives and were
trying to either kill him or his family, to carry out their threat. The sheriff came and hauled them off.
When the trial came up, the judge let them WALK out free with no penalty; just a slap saying don't bother
Mr. Dratch again. The judge threatened Dratch with contempt of court for having even brought this to hi
ittention. That was in 1992. Since then Dratch has been regularly harassed and continually threatener
The police still retuse to go atter the stalker and threatener. They are using extortion now as the current
level of threat. Dratch has been to the DA's office of two states, and been in contact with numbers of
police officers to no avail. The threats and harassment continues to this day including making complaints
to the phone company who do nothing to stop such when they use the telephones.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
33
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3865, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Over the last two years Dratch has been working to develop a very unique and powertul handheld
and truck-mounted sensor capable of discovering "Saddam's weapons of mass destruction" as well as
many other chemical and biological weapons systems. Providing assistance, a former military officer has
tried to retrieve documents which were available to any contractor. But Dratch and the officer were
prohibited as they aren't part of their crony system of preferred contractors. They needed specific
signatures which the U.S. Government has on hand to calibrate their system to what it had to look for (the
hemical agents). Having the signature Isn't the formula, it is a roadmap that says contamination or a toxi
ituation is present. So troops and civilians are prevented from having Dratch's technology in a low-cost
Can i may i going to ging out i at movin so a supresto gent ene
technologies out in a way where Dratch can carry out more work.
IPMS: Thorium-227 Electricity Generator
The I.N. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials Science (IPMS), Kiev, Ukraine, from 1951
through 1991 secretly employed 6600 of the most brilliant theoretical physicists in the entire Soviet Union
to work for nearly 50 years with complete freedom. They were able to develop whole new sciences,
technologies and materials unknown in the West.
heir models of non-linear quantum mechanics, plasma physics, atomic engineering, nuclea
so unique that they challenge the validity of the most fundamental assumptions embodied in the
The mos adament sun in emoted toile, ane
copenhagen Interpretation model currently held in general acceptance in the West
uren ly hed in general meplane in the Wes
For example, Western-developed particle/wave quantum mechanics is described by Einstein's E =
MC'. The Soviet nonlinear model of quantum mechanics is described by the formula E = Mkv [Energy =
Mass @ rest as a function of a mathematical constant].
Einstein's theory of relativity assumes that the speed of light is constant. However, measurements
have shown that the speed of light has slowed down 7 per cent over the past two centuries. (See
http://worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=39733.) Einstein's tamous equation is theretore
not based on the real world of peer-reviewed experimental results. Consequently the more correct Soviet
model has enabled numerous technical advances not even dreamed of by Western science.
Among several energy inventions developed by the IP MS are free-standing thorium-227 isotope
electric power generating plants. They can be small enough to power a single home and large enough to
power whole communities. They also can operate for up to 18 years without ever requiring refueling or
maintenance.
Arrangements to commercialize these useful energy inventions by joint ventures of the IPMS and
more than a dozen private sector companies were repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's
Detense Intelligence Agency and others. (Source: David G. Yurth, The Ănthropos Files: Tales of
Quantum Physics from Another World - ¿na
Howard Rory Johnson: Magnatron - Light-Activated Cold Fusion Magnetic Motor
During the late 1970's Howard Rory Johnson, a brilliant inventor in Elgin, Illinois, combined light-
activated cold fusion with a new type of magnetic motor into a "Magnatron".
'. His prototype Magnatron
before either Pons and Fleischman or Dr. James Patterson entered the scene with their cold-fusion
technology.
Johnson discovered the light-activated cold fusion portion of the Magnatron by accident when as he
was developing a new type of electronic circuit using deuterium oxide and gallium, he noticed the twc
naterials were producing energy on their own. He could not figure out what was triggering the energy
production for some time until he finally discovered it was light
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
34
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 589, "chars": 3990, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Magnatron's flow of deuterium (an isotope of hydrogen) is controlled by magnetic tunnels. At
the point where the deuterium strikes the gallium (a heavy metal electron donor), a beam of light from a
to the motor. It is more or less a pulse-generated system.
A photon is a football-shaped particle of electromagnetic wave energy. Its energy content is a
product of its frequency fand Planck's constant h. When an electron in orbit around the nucleus of an
tom drops to a lower, less energetic orbit, a photon containing the energy equivalent to the electron s
energy drop is emitted. This explains why light and other forms of electromagnetic energy such as gamma
rays and radar are sometimes observed as particles and other times as waves. The heated filament of a
light bulb is an example of photon production.
There is no way to explain, using contemporary electrical theory, how his relatively small motor
could produce such tremendous horsepower. Utilizing his own new electrical-magnetic energy theory,
involving a process he called "attract-attract"
, Johnson exploited the magnetic field. He used the top and
bottom rotors in his motor. First, the top rotor attracted, released; then the bottom rotor attracted, released.
The action of attraction, alternating between upper and lower magnets, used the windings to complete the
attract field
Robert Nelson's compilation of articles about the Magnatron provides much more technical detail
on the Magnatron than the toregoing. (See http://www.rexresearch.com/magntron/magntron.htm.)
second price ate plane ay tom that dost lie he magnete red no is greatene
advantage. For comparison, a typical 500-horsepower electric motor has wires exiting it that are the size
The sealed self-contained Magnatron has no wires. Thus, other than the Magnatron's infrequent
refueling with small amounts of deuterium and gallium, the stand-alone Magnatron uses no input power.
The Magnatron's entire output power is conveyed by its magnetic motor's rotating shaft.
Fuel for the Magnatron is plentiful: deuterium is derived from water, and gallium is extracted from
abundant alumınum bauxite. Commercially available pure gallium is still scarce and expensive. It may
well be possible, however, to cheaply transmute another less expensive element into gallium. See Gary
Vesperman's list of over two dozen methods of neutralizing radioactive waste in
http://iiic.de/docs/GVComparison.htm which includes possible transmutation methods.
The Magnatron uses no fossil fuel in its operation, and it emits no pollution. The magnetic motor's
RPM 1s 8,000 with a gear ratio ot 2:1. Lubrication tor the sealed motor is synthetic motor oll which does
not need changing and does not need a filter, because foreign materials such as carbon and varnish are not
introduced into the system, as they are in the internal combustion piston engine.
CO (April 25-28, 1956) I reenabe eing inhressed by Gerald Orlowsks lecture Magnatin, Pusion,
Magnetic Motor"
', during which he provided substantial technical information on the Magnatron.
Orlowski reported that, "Some inside information revealed that OPEC had been keeping track of all
competitive technology",
', and Johnson was #1 on their hit list! Johnson was about to manufacture the
motors through a nationwide dealership. Some motors still exist, but the owner wants several million
dollars for them."
This writer Gary Vesperman knows of very few inventions of new energy sources which are
reasonably large stand-alone energy producers. Besides the Magnatron, they include Oleg Gritskevitch's
hydromagnetic dynamo, and Electron Power Systems' micro-fusion reactor, which employs stable high-
ensity plasma electron spiral toroids. Almost all inventions of new energy sources are, or claimed to b
elatively small over-unity power converters that convert input power to greater amounts of output power
Bob Dratch's thorium powerpack is an exception (see above).
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
35
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 618, "chars": 3919, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
At the September 14, 2003 public meeting in Green Valley Ranch casino regarding the proposed
Regional Fixed Guideway traversing Las Vegas, Nevada, this writer Gary Vesperman submitted
comments suggesting possible power sources for the train, including descriptions of the hydromagnetic
dynamo and the micro-fusion reactor
(http://www.rtcsouthernnevada.com/rfg/documents/September2005PublicMeetingMinutes.pdf,pp. 19-
No wonder the Magnatron's inventor, Rory Johnson, was rumored to have been "Number One" on
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)'s hit list.
The following is an excerpt, slightly edited, from Orlowski's lecture transcript where he tells about
his unwitting personal involvement with the U.S. Government's suppression of the Magnatron:
Atter 1 saw the Magnatron motor, my lite changed. I was no longer a happy camper working b
nyself in a wonderful, fully eauipped research machine shop for the Grevhound/Armour Corporation i
Arizona. While on a business trip, I saw this motor running in the Magnetron, Inc.'s showroom located in
Eglin, Illinois.
"During my 15 years of electric motor repair, among the hundreds of motors I repaired, I rewound a
500 HP electric motor. That motor had wires exiting it that were the size of a garden hose. The Johnson
motor being shown had NO wires. Surely this motor was unreal, a con-job to get money for dealerships.
Yes, there he was, Rory Johnson standing next to his sealed self-contained electric motor.
"Upon returning to the Greyhound Towers and telling them what I had seen, they instructed me to
call Mr. Johnson. Greyhound wanted Johnson to put forth a plan to install a motor in one of their buses
for testing purposes.
"I called Johnson. He was delighted that a Greyhound employee had seen the motor running, and
replied that the testing idea was acceptable. He would set a time frame for just when a bus should be
delivered to him.
"Two years went by, with no business proposal from Johnson. Then, his former business partner
Mike Marzicola, called to say Johnson had passed away. He wanted me to work with him to get one of
he motors running. I Ilew to Urange County, CA, saw the motor, took pictures, and put torth a plan tr
Greyhound. Subject to a contract with Marzicola, one of the old worn motors would be brought to the
research shop. I would then very carefully reconnect the generator wires that Johnson had cut off prior to
moving from Elgin, IL to California.
"Discussions with Marzicola brought out that the U.S. Government (given the authority by the
Congress of 1952) had issued a GRAB order to take Johnson's motors. Rumor has it, the DOE is run by
US oil companies and OPEC, and they want no competition, period. Because of this grab order, Johnsor
lad cut the generator wires. He had then put his 'total shop', with motors and all, on several U-Haul trucks
and left Illinois in the middle of the night. He went to California to re-establish his business. But before he
could get a motor running, he passed away.
"Greyhound's top legal advisor stated he was present when the Greyhound board met and discussed
sued. in Pact, walescessed at orde hard are designed and contracted you adamed eld t
conversation from what happens when Greyhound has a running motor. We contacted a State
representative who felt this motor should not be allowed to be used in 4,000+ buses. The loss in tax
dollars for fuel alone would be a very huge sum." He then asked me to leave, stating he was sorry that he
had to tell me the reason the plan was rejected.
"Telling Marzicola of the rejection, I offered to personally put in a few thousand dollars toward the
parts to get one motor running. In return, 1 would be assigned the dealership tor the Phoenix metropolitan
area. We signed legal papers in exchange for the money agreed on, and went to work. (I still have the
signed dealership.)
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
36
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3583, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
already had new commutator assemblies installed.
i had iew thing utator assembles installed ta cassemiky consted or commutator assemblers
on one insulated tube with a metal case to secure it to the shaft.
"One motor still had the old worn commutator assembly, as it had not yet been repaired."
Orlowski goes on to describe his reconstruction efforts and includes interesting technical details
about the Magnatron's structure and theory.
Johnson did not know that OPEC tracks all potential competition to its oil business and that he was
reportedly number one on OPEC's hit list. His first mistake was publicizing, in many magazines, his plans
to manufacture and distribute his revolutionary motor.
Erik Masen has spoken with a few people who even signed up for distributorships. Erik Masen had
included Johnson and his Magnatron in his energy invention suppression anthology (see
ttp://www.electrifyingtimes.com/erik masen suppression.html)
come up to preit he company Menon, Ine. from produting and alig Macarons The ist
placed a gag order on all the people in the company by using the Secrecy Act of 1952. Secondly, the State
of illinois immediately requested the company to provide information about all of their employees,
After a year ot hearing nothing but silence from Johnson, Greyhound agents tried to contact him -
nly to be notitied that he had passed away unexpectedly. This is a particularly troubling part of the story
ince he had been in his early fifties and in robust health. Later, Greyhound learned that shortly before he
motors and technology to California.
Bob Bass, in his report copied above on low-energy nuclear transmutation, claims that the CIA, the
KGB and the Mossad, etc. all have "sprays" which can be sprayed upon someone and cause him or her to
die of apparently natural causes. One speculation is that Johnson's death - apparently due to heart failure
- had been artificially induced by such a spray.
In a January 20, 2007 email to Gary Vesperman, Terry Sisson reports:
"Hi Gary,
"I visited Magnatron, Inc., in July 1979. I wish 1 would have taken a photo. Placards were placed
over every inch of the large windows in the tront of the building listing all of the questions the state of
Illinois requested his company to provide. He wrote, "When has the government ever had the right to ask
this of any company." I peeked in the front window and saw one of his motors mounted on an engine
managed to get his phone number and called him from time to time for years following. He was an
assistant of Rory's and he kept the information very close to the vest. He did tell me that it was real and it
worked, yet not how it worked.
"About 1984, I began to call all the Johnsons in the phone book in Elgin. I finally got a hold of
Rory's son. He too said that it was real, but I got nowhere. Around 1992, I met Jerry Orlowski, and he
old me his experience as the employee of Greyhound who was sent to investigate the technology, since
le wound electric motors for several years. Jerry was very upset about the whole incident, particularl
Greyhound's Board of Directors refusal to utilize the technology after he found the technology to be
authentic. Jerry even witnessed the government's seizure of the motors in California. -- Terry Sisson."
Energy invention suppression-pertinent quotable comments from Johnson:
"There have been very few startling things that have come from a large organization. You don't get
anything practical out of a government-sponsored laboratory such as Fermi and Argonne.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
37
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3571, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Johnson believes watching a budget as required by government-funded programs stifles creativity
and the ability to take a chance.
The US Department of Energy (DOE) is termed a rip-off by Johnson. "Right now our government is
utril hes or anyten else for on here, the holi glamorous multi-orion dear hottion researer
utilities or anything else.
the oil and power industries for at least decades, and may always be for decades. Gary Vesperman)
Howard R. Johnson: Permanent Magnet Motor
Howard R. Johnson has developed a device resembling an electric motor which produces work
without electrical input, using only permanent magnets for motive force. The basıc principle of hi
nagnetic motor is that its magnets are arranged in such a manner that its magnetic flux is alwav
unbalanced, thus producing a continuous rotational drive. For patent descriptions, detailed theories and
diagrams, see http://rexresearch.com/johnson/ljohnson.htm. Two links to additional intormation can be
found in http://www.web-space.tv/free-energy/. More information apparently is available from the
"Permanent Magnet Research Institute", P.O. Box 199, Blacksburg, Virginia 24063.
Johnson spent six years fighting the patent office to accept the reality of his magnetic motor. Ir
April 24,
1979 Johnson finally got a US patent - 4,151,431 - for a Permanent Magnet Motor that starts
itself and would deliver 5 kilowatts from permanent magnets. Jet Propulsion Labs built a prototype 5-
kilowatt generator.
In his January 20, 2007 email to the New Energy Congress, Ken Rauen reported:
Howard Johnson got his patent because he DEMONSTRATED one in the courtroom. The judge
ordered the USP TO to give him a patent. I saw a copy of the court document while in Gene Mallove's
employment. Unfortunately, the whereabouts of that document is unknown, as Gene was not a good file
Ken Rauen
That demonstration looks similar to the prototype of Stewart Harris' theory of magnetic instability
(see below).
Johnson's other two patents are No. 4,877,983 for Magnetic Force Generating Method and
Apparatus, and No. 5,402,021 for a Magnetic Propulsion System. In all Johnson is connected with more
than 30 patents in the fields of chemistry and physics.
The following suppression account is an edited consolidation of information from an exchange of
emails between Gary Vesperman and Al Witherspoon, a long-time associate of Howard Johnson. June
2006 Al had read on the Internet Vesperman's third version of this compilation (now in its fourth version)
of energy invention suppression cases and had then emailed Vesperman. Al is a businessman and the
inventor, in one week, of a crucial part of the Hubble Space Telescope that had stymied other engineers
for months.
To refresh memories for Al's story, Al and Howard had some pleasant visits August through
October 2006. Howard is now 92 years old but still healthy with a keen memory.
Al's involvement with Howard's project was not from a technical standpoint but rather from the
standpoint of technology suppression. Al had never taken the time to write this up. He thinks that it's
about time. Al has been holding back his suppression story for nearly thirty years.
Howard Johnson actually began his work on this motor in the 1930's. When he first started the
project and conceived the idea on paper, the materials needed for the construction of the motor had not yet
come into existence. However, he told Al that he knew that someday they would become available, and
then he would be able to construct it.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
38
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 635, "chars": 3813, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The suppression of the motor is occurring by the general methods in addition to Howard s own
suppression due to his warranted mistrust of fellow scientists. Things have come up missing and promises
When Howard first introduced the development of his permanent magnet motor there was a nearly
immediate world symposium organized and held at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. A
number of scientists came from all over the world to attend this event. There was quite a buzz in the air
about this new technology prior and existing through some tinite time during the event. Al met and
conversed with a number of them. A couple of them were actually quite friendly. The rest were seething
with egomania and the disinterest of speaking to whom they assumed was a local hillbilly.
It was not a conference. It was merely a one-sided presentation of the technology and there was no
ent presentation. Aleshe end or this pretaton, the speaker hail vanished ate mament or the lad of
the presentation.
word. A couple of questions were addressed, but the respective replies were only "I don't know" or "I
cannot say at the present time"
The primary focus seemed to be entirely that of debunking the notion of such a device. There was
absolutely no positive attitude in the air with the exception of a few attendees who expressed the hope for
the further investigation and development of the technology. Most attendees were nearly laughing with
skepticism. One who Al spoke with was emphatic with his opinion that the device was viable.
• Moon than dies vee west laughing will
Al recorded the event on audio, but there seems to be no record of it now. Al does not know what
Howard did with it. When Al visited him summer of 2006 he could not remember the specifics of the tape
or where it might be located at the present time.
Also at the symposium there were a couple of people making an apparently 'approved' video tape of
the presentation. There were no other apparent attempts to videotape the event.
Al was the last of the attendees to exit the event. He watched what was done with the video tape.
A man took the video tape downstairs and then discretely gave it to another man. This 'other' man
then went to his car and drove away. Al followed him until he arrived at Inland Motors Division of
Kollmorgan Corporation in Radford, VA where precision drive motors and systems are manufactured. He
got out of his car and went into the building.
Al asked the guard if he knew this man and he said that he was not an employee but was a U.S.
Government inspector from Washington, DC. From this point on there is no more information about the
identity or the purpose of his actions.
Some months later Al confronted the directors of the symposium. Their words to him were such that
they had apparently reconsidered their position of belief concerning the technology. A little later Al found
that these directors were under the direct employ of Kollmorgan and also by virtue of the fact that they
stood to receive sizeable renewal grants for their respective departments.
A couple of weeks later the house across the street from Howard's house which had housed a few of
the working class became occupied by two agents from the National Security Agency. Al acquired the
nature of their identity by unusual means. Besides this, they stuck out like a sore thumb, dressed similarly
to Mormon missionaries but older in stature. They stayed there for about one year. Periodically Al weni
They likely saw Al at Howard's place on numerous occasions but never spoke to Al and reportedly
poke to Howard only once. The nature of the conversation that Howard had with them supposedly had
nothing to do with technology but was apparently just everyday common chit chat.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
39
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 730, "chars": 4471, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Then one day they were simply GONE. Al asked the owner of the property who they were. He said
that they were Electrolux vacuum cleaner salesmen. Al almost busted out laughing. Al's great uncle was
one, and Al has seen several at his front door, but never those that dressed like these guys.
During their stay Al received a rather strange phone call one day in April 1979. A man simply asked
for Al, and Al simply said hello, thinking that it was likely one of his customers or a telemarketer.
He quickly identified himself in such a way that Al could not understand his name. When Al asked
who was calling he simply replied by asking Al it Al was acquainted with Howard and how long. He was
very nice and thus Al answered him due to Al's probable youthful naivety. He then simply said "Thank
you" and hung up. Caller ID or the *69 features were not available yet at that time.
On three occasions after this between 1980 and 1983 Al's house was broken into in a
nondestructive and undetectable manner, meaning that the method of entry was not discernable as being
unauthorized. However it was very apparent that someone had been rummaging through the house in ALL
the rooms including the garage and basement. No valuables were ever taken. At the time there was some
jewelry, other precious stones, sılver, gold and a letter from Robert E. Lee in relatively plain view which
at that time were valued well over $100,000. These were likewise never touched. Since then these items
have been removed to a safety deposit box.
Whoever broke in never found any devices or related documentation. However, Howard's house, as
far as Al knows, was never invaded until early 2006. Al and Howard have no idea who did this, but there
were no prints to be found. They only took documentation which had nothing to do with the technical
aspects of the motor or its design. The documents were related to contractual agreements concerning the
disclosure of the technology.
In 1985 Howard reported to Al that he had struck a deal with General Electric. For fifteen million
dollars the company had purchased an exclusive (but not sole) license to make, manufacture, market and
itılıze the motor. Ву 1986 General Electric had built a very, very large working model the size of a house
It is not being used and is kept hidden in a building under armed guard somewhere in the United States
(However, it doesn't quite make sense that the company would build such a very expensive large motor
when a much smaller, cheaper motor should be adequate for experimental studies. Gary Vesperman)
Al never asked Howard what he did with the proceeds. A reliable source did tell Al that the
agreement with General Electric was such that they give the $15 million to a certain charity.
Since that time there has been no other publicly known activity with the motor by General Electric.
Al suspects that the company is using it to get paid by the oil industry to keep it under wraps -
industrial/technological extortion or protecting the world, or possibly both. However, this notion is merely
a notion and surely speculative.
Al's guess is that General Electric could simply and easily make a substantial amount of money by
keeping things quiet while at the same time using it as a card to play when the time is right. Al knows
exactly how they could do such.
Howard and Al have found that American and Japanese magnet manufacturers are mysteriously
very reluctant to provide the needed magnets. In the report below on "Yasunori Takahashi: Magnetic
Nankel Motor" John Moreland explained that the secret to the enormous strength of the Takahashi
magnets, at 20,000 gauss the most powertul magnets ever developed, is that they contain uranium. The
U.S. Government forbids importing radioactive materials.
Throughout the past twenty-eight years approximately, there have been some reported attempts to
construct the motor. Al has NEVER seen one in the possession of any individual outside of the Permanent
Magnet Research Institute.
to the point such that the motor an be repressed. Replication of the motor has amany every
has sufficientlv disseminated the technology
known success. There are reasons for this lack of success.
There seems to be little doubt that this device or similar devices have been built. They are relatively
cited a cop one place As engrening it super tong nicer raged without special
equipment and training can easily cause injury.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
40
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 608, "chars": 3693, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The notions that are reflected in comments made by others as to the theory of operation are not
correct by any means. The energy required to charge the magnets have nothing to do with the energy
delivered by the motor. Many would say that this is most interesting and important.
Al has found, in the process of examining various cases, that few individuals if any, have the correct
lueprints. Also, the blueprints are not a whole lot of help unless a person has a clear understanding oi
'ertain principles of magnetism. Though this motor can be successfully constructed with "oft-the-shelf'
components and not to mention being done so in a crude fashion, the apparently ability of most is not
sufficient to attain a working model of the rotary motor.
Al has seen theoretical speculation concerning certain magnețic principles by "respected" members
of the HJ Motor Group that further suppress the successful application of the technology. Though likely
not intentional it is nevertheless the result of careless thinking and poor technological vocabulary. such
practices propagate inaccuracy and inability to produce any viable results and end up merely creating a
vicious circle resulting in lost art and the downward spiral of success.
Al discussed this matter with Howard during one of their visits. They were able to arrive at some
conclusion perhaps, but that of which will not presently be disclosed. Al needs to think about it a little
As far as participation by other individuals:
To date, there has been no person that has kept their word concerning certain aspects of disclosure.
There have been no individuals that have kept up other agreements directly related to the use and
dissemination of the technology. Some individuals have replicated Howard's research in various ways,.
including the distribution for gain, in such a manner as to claim it as being of their own origination. This
may include the distribution of nonfunctional blueprints. As far as Al knows, Howard has only and
repeatedly been the victim of greed and egotistical lust.
To date, not one single person has ever commented on Al's advice for making the motor work. This
show of apparent ignorance eludes Al's belief.
At this point in time Al does not believe that Howard is highly inclined to divulge any more
theory. Those either We any sense, in my ange wth be well dised to read book containing advanced
And as for Al himself: He is presently looking for a few good men. To date Al has only been in
contact with one or two individuals who have shown even a spark of integrity. At the present time, there
are only two individuals actively involved with the Permanent Magnet Research Institute.
Howard's partıng and publishable comment from their meeting of October luth was simply as
follows and quite closely matches his exact words: "If you can't believe what you see, then there is little
else that 1 can do for you.
Al thinks that it's not always the government that suppresses technology. Sometimes it's the
ndividual who bites off his or her own nose to spite his or her face. That is, the
leed to directly suppress the technology because the citizens are doing a splendid job all by themselves.
However, it should be noted that it is plausible that negative elements hide behınd the veil of our
rood society WHO serve the purpose of being suppressing agents
It is not necessarily our government which doles out the suppression. They otten get blamed tor a
lot of things which are merely the bad direction of a small individual or group within.
Maybe the distribution of incorrect information is being done by the implant of a suppressing
agents)?
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
41
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 750, "chars": 4732, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University does not help Howard though he lectured there
for a while. Most of the technologists there are quite jealous of Howard and for whatever reasons seem to
be a major contributing tactor to the suppression of the technology. The college is where the tirst world
ymposium took place. Al was sent there to eavesdrop and record the presentation which was largely ar
attempt to discredit his work. Al spoke with some of the scientists who attended the symposium. Most
were quite skeptical, both about the technology and the true intentions of the lecturers. Some even left in
laughter. There were a tew who expressed that they sincerely hoped that the technology would come to
perform, regardless of any negative opinions.
57259
However, this apparent suppression may have been done with Howard's ultimate blessing since
such a discrediting would likely draw attention away from his work yet get the ball rolling for world
curiosity and open some minds. Making money at this sort of thing was a hopeful wish for Howard since
he is by no means a wealthy man. Aside from this he just wanted to help the world. He reminded Al,
however, that not all good things are good for mankind and that the introduction of such technology to the
world would indeed be disruptive. After considering his comments over a period of nearly thirty years, Al
has come to realize that Howard's concerns may warrant some serious consideration.
Al intends to see Howard again sometime to find out by some gentle fashion if this early
suppression indeed was his intention, or if it simply occurred inadvertently. Also Al plans to find out
whatever else he can since time is short and Howard, being 92 years old, may not be here for very much
As mentioned above, this account of Al's suppression story is a consolidation of emails exchanged
between this writer, Gary Vesperman, and Al Witherspoon up until mid-October 2006. However, I have
emailed Al a few more questions. But since then I haven't been able to contact Al by phone and email.
for instance, it is not clear to me whether the two National Security Agency agents had rented a
house across the street trom Al's house or Howard's house. How were they able to still acquire needed
magnets which they weren't allowed to buy? Exactly what did happen at Oak Ridge and Howard's
involvement in the development of the atom bomb? What were the real reason and circumstances relating
to the Science and Mechanics article? What happened in 1941 at the U.S. Patent Office 37 years before
Howard actually commenced construction! What are the details regarding the construction of the
generator at Jet Propulsion Labs! What's this about snowflakes and honeybees?
Stewart Harris: Theory of Magnetic Instability
The theory of magnetic instability is a magnetic principle which appears to be the embryo of a valid
ree energy device. It was invented by Stewart Harris. He applied for a patent in 1978. and it was rejected
Or. Marion Bowman from Washington. DC traveled out to Mr. Harris' home in Las Vegas. Nevada tr
witness the operation of the device. He was impressed and returned to Washington enthusiastic about its
applications.
Shortly after the demonstration, all copies of the patent application and other information
subsequently disappeared from the US Patent Office in Washington, DC. In addition, Mr. Harris' home
was broken into and his original drawings, papers, applications, and correspondence were stolen. For
some unknown reason, they left behind the prototype. Coincidentally, Mr. Harris lives just a few blocks
trom the office of Film Funding, Inc., where this writer, Gary Vesperman, used to work in Las Vegas.
For some time l had Harris' prototype on my desk which 1 delighted in demonstrating to visitors. A
horizontal three-inch-long roller cylinder of about five stacked 1-inch diameter disk-shaped magnets rolls
UPHILL, Without energy input, between two similar four-inch-long cylinders of about ten stacked 1-inch
the horizontal laced in parallel with each other and taped onto a cardboard ramp (try 30 degrees up from
Radio Shack sells disk magnets, but they are a little too strong. The horizontal cylinder rolls uphill a
little too fast. Try weak disk magnets instead, or strong magnets that are made weaker by thermal or
mechanical shock.
I had noticed while playing with Harris' device that the roller cylinder would hang up at the top of
he incline. But if the cylinder was immediately picked up and placed back at the bottom of the incline
within 60 seconds, it would accumulate enough additional rotational angular momentum of unknowi
origin to fall over the top of the incline.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
42
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3775, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
At the International Symposium on New Energy that was held in the Denver Hilton South, Denver,
CO. (25 - 28 April 1996), I asked Dr. Harold Aspen if his "Aspden effect" is the same as the roller
cylinder's temporary accumulation of additional rotational angular momentum. He said it is not.
However, Aspden and 1 decided that it appears to be such an interesting etheric energy phenomenon it
should be investigated further.
This is what would make a fine project for a grade school science class: Try magnetic disks of
various sizes and strength. For each particular size/strength, carefully record various time delays between
the time the rolling cylinder is taken off the top of the incline and placed at the bottom of incline. There
might be some type of "half-life" whereby the roller cylinder's residual additional rotational angular
momentum decays with time until the roller cylinder hangs up again at the top of the ramp.
Lester J. Hendershot: Hendershot Magnetic Motor
During the late 1920's Lester J. Hendershot, while working on a new type of aviation compass,
stumbled across a method of generating energy. The "Hendershot magnetic motor" made headlines anc
attracted such big name investors as Charles Lindberg. Hendershot, while attempting to establish a true
magnetic north compass, found that by cutting the same line of magnetic force north and south, he had an
indicator of the true north and that by cutting the magnetic field east and west, he could develop a rotary
motion. He wove together a number of flat coils of wire and placed stainless steel rings, sticks of carbon
and permanent magnets in various positions as an experiment. Based on this principle, after two years of
trial and error, he built a magnetic motor that would self-rotate, to his surprise, at a constant speed of 1800
rpm while producing 45 horsepower.
notors and generators, much like Nikola Tesla's discovery that the Earth was a huge capacitor, capable oi
providing significant amounts of electrical power. Simplified, Hendershot believed that if one were to cu
the lines of force of the Earth's magnetic field, one could harness this to provide direct power to
generators and motors. Nikola Tesla attempted to do just that, when he built his "magnifying transformer"
at Shoreham, Long Island, NY.
To read the first hand accounts of Hendershot's historical encounters, see the following research
links:
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,880984,00.html
https://secure.netsolhost.com/nuenergy.org/alt/RadonFuel.htm
http://www.clubusenet.com/thread/262719.html
http://www.borderlands.com/freeenergy.htm
http://www-tech.mit.edu/archives/VOL_048/TECH_V048_S0041
_P004.pdf
http://www.clarabow.net/articles/ourreaderswrite.html
http://www.freepatentsonline.com/20070007844.html
http://www.rexresearch.com/feg/fegl.htm#hendershot
Hendershot ran into political difficulties in promoting his device, attempted to take his business to
pavott to never work on his
tree energy device, out of which he got 300 watts. Skilling had been associated with Hendershot and
learned of the device through him. The generator was self-resonant at 500 kHz.
James Watson: 8-Kilowatt Battery-Popper Motor
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D.., has provided a significant 'account'
, dated 1999, regarding James
Watson located at http://www.cheniere.org/misc/battery20poppers.htm, copied as follows with some
editing:
James Watson successfully replicated Bedini's battery energizer (with direct advice from Bedini).
Watson made improvements and modifications, and eventually was able to build one and adjust it as he
wished. He demonstrated an 8-kilowatt battery-popper motor at the first International Tesla conference in
Colorado Springs in 1984.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
43
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 3939, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Later Watson was moving toward development and marketing.
Then Watson and his entire family disappeared. Neither Bedini nor I could locate him. Neither
could his financial backer, the late R. J. Reynolds Ill. This was a researcher and friend whom I was in
contact with several times a week. Then bingo! Nothing further.
He [Jim Watson] abruptly and completely broke off all communication with everyone. A squirrelly
message was left on his answering machine for a few days, saying he had moved (but not in Jim's voice).
Then it too was removed. And that was that.
Eerily, it seems that it you call the police in the town where Jim Watson lived, they will tell you he
still lives there on the same street in the same house. At least that's what they told a triend of mine who
them, regardless of how they tried. His financial backer couldn't even find him.
The clear implication is, stay away from that one. Somebody "from the dark side" may have made
lim the "offer he could not refuse
". One may never know what really happened, whether or not Jim ever
surtaces again — or has already surtaced again and is living there very, very quietly. But Jim's entire
over-unity motor effort ended abruptly, even though highly successful. And even though the motor was
almost ready to be put into production.
Watson has not been seen at an energy conference since that sudden mysterious disappearance. No
one has had a phone call from him. I have not found anyone I trust who has seen him again.
You have not seen a Watson over-unity power system go to market. You almost certainly never
Yet Watson's device was pertected to the point where he could make the things like pretzels, adjust
them readily, and they worked every time. They could have been put into mass production very easily.
Obviously that made him a grave threat to the energy cartels around the world
At rare intervals, the energy cartel does suppress an invention and an inventor by making the
inventor "an offer he cannot refuse"
, in Mafia terms. Presently the going price when that offer is made is
$10 million. You take your $10 million, quit all research, quit your contacts, and you live. But you live
very quietly, although you live very well financially.
The engineers who measured Watson's 8-kilowatt machine there in Colorado Springs are still alive.
And they know what they measured.
There's one other little thing. At that same International Tesla Conference in Colorado Springs, the
'olks who were in charge (tor the energy barons) of suppressing all successtul over-unity devices in the
Western world were also there when Watson demonstrated his 8-kilowatt device. There is a certain effec
which happens in a battery sometimes for a large over-unity battery popper unit like that, if the device is
• Time-reversal operations and wave transductions can occur, resulting in time-excitation
charging inside the battery materials, in a negative time charge sense (remember, the over-unity operation
is a negentropic operation). After a machine of that type and with that particular internal effects has been
in that battery, without charging the needle one iota, for 16 to 48
The reason is that wave transduction occurs of your charging spatial energy into time-energy, and
so you have to furnish rather enormous energy to get a little bit of that negative-tıme charge reversed
Atter you till that seemingly "bottomless pit
', then suddenly the negative time-charge will have been
eliminated, and at that point the battery will start to charge up in quite normal fashion.
It is significant that Watson's battery was stolen right out of the machine. Whoever did it, almost
certainly knew how to test it to find out if Watson's generator was actually a true over-unity device. If so,
then they tested it and found that indeed it was genuine.
And there was only one group there who would have known that little tidbit.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
44
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3321, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hitachi Magnetics Corporation: Magnet Motor
Engineers at Hitachi Magnetics Corporation have come right out and claimed that a motor run by
magnets is feasible and logical, but the politics of the matter make it impossible for them to pursue
developing a magnet motor or any device that would compete with the energy cartels.
Among the obstacles to free energy are the big banks who own or finance the energy industries.
Peter Lindemann, D. Sc., offers an analysis of these obstacles in
http://www.wanttoknow.into/newenergysources or
http://www.spiritofmaat.com/archive/feb2/lindemnn.htm. Lindemann suggests that the four forces
suppressing new energy devices are the world's wealthiest families and their banking institutions, national
governments striving to preserve national security, deluded inventors and con men, and the unspirituall
notivated behavior of all the rest of us
Floyd Sweet: Vacuum Triode Amplifier
Floyd Sweet had invented an advanced, solid-state, magnetic power converter called the "vacuum
triode amplifier". If it could somehow be made stable over a long duration, it potentially offers an
exceptentional physics of per pe is to ame on eries research consee ohightm. The site
also describes efforts to suppress Sweet's research and development efforts:
I'wo people from Australia, who claimed they wanted to help Floyd, stole his notebook and
promptly asked John Bedinı for help in replicating the VIA based on the notebook contents. John
recognized the notebook as belonging to Floyd and promptly asked them to leave. However, the notebook
was never recovered.
Sweet received many death threats over the phone and some threats face to face. A well-dressed
gentleman in an expensive suit, tie, hat, and hundred-dollar shoes approached sweet on the sidewalk oi
he street where he lived and introduced himself as Cecil Brown. Brown showed Sweet a photograph of
Sweet inside his apartment. Brown then told Sweet that he represented a conglomerate that did not want
Sweet's device to appear in the world at this time. Brown further stated that sometimes unfortunate things
happen to people who do not comply with the wishes of others. Brown then retrieved the picture and
departed.
Gary Vesperman's file titled "Bearden web site on electrical energy" includes these three excerpts
written by Tom Bearden:
"A particularly good higher group symmetry electrodynamics, in this author's opinion, is the O(3)
electrodynamics founded by Evans and Vigier and further expounded by Evans {[xxxviii]}. Evans has
shown that O(3) electrodynamics is a part of the Sachs unified field theory electrodynamics {[xxxix]}.
Thus O(3) electrodynamics can be used not only for modeling "normal" electrodynamic but also for
modeling "exotic" unified field theory. Further, it can be used for engineering, so it permits the
(und or Bearden report Dr. Bearden pres pre pars ole interes e me ears.
http://peswiki.com/index.php/Site:LRP:Tom_Bearden_Remembers_Walter_Rosenthal_%26_Floyd_Swee
John Bedini: 'School Girl' Motor and Battery Energizer
thugs came to his home and beat him severely.
Came to his hole and beat dith severely. For a time hand entendenergind and retracted ano, three
information on his devices. See http://www.icehouse.net/john34/bedinibearden.html.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
45
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3900, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Two Inventors: Model T Ford Generator with Magnets Added
About ten years ago, two very clever backyard inventors took a magnetic, electricity-generating
ilywheel oft a Model I Ford, attached stationary magnets in a spiral arrangement to the outside, and
leveloped a selt-generating motor-generator, using the pulsed varying distance magnetic spıral principle.
Chis generator continually produced 1600 watts of power with no other input. They demonstrated theil
generator at UCLA - confounding the professors, students and other observers.
Evidently some heavy-handed U.S. Government/corporate types were in the audience, however,
because the inventors never made it home from their demonstration. They were found dead along the
highway. Their trailer, containing the generator, had disappeared.
Yasunori Takahashi: Magnetic Wankel Motor
Yasunori Takahashi, the famous Japanese inventor who developed the Beta video cassette recorder,
has retrofitted his newly developed, super-powerful "YT" magnets into his 15-horsepower Magnetic
Wankel motor scooter, claiming he can obtain 15 horsepower from a few amperes of electricity. If the
U.S. Government allows the Japanese to export these scooters to America, we will see a further trade
deficit in Japan's favor.
Kumor has it, however, that the U.s. Government retused entry to the Magnetic Wankel motor (in
Mazda vehicles) several years ago, just as it blocked Honda's super-high-mileage, gas-powered cars at
about the same time. Such protectionism may be "good for business" (at least for the oil companies and
domestic auto manufacturers), but it hurts others and punishes the environment. (Excerpted with
ermıssion trom Erık Masen's artıcle "SUPPRESSION FROM HIGHER UP Inventors Beware! The
Jeadly Campaign Against Free-energy Devices'
", Electrifying Times, Vol. 8 No. 3 and also in
http://www.electrifyingtimes.com/erik_masen_suppression.html.)
At the 1997 International Tesla Society Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colorado, John W.
Moreland, Ph.D., a health physicist, lectured on his experiments with radiovoltaic electrical generators.
(Compare with photovoltaic generators such as solar panels.)
Paul Brown lectured separately on similar work based on converting cosmic rays to electricity.
Brown had been working mainly to recreate T. Henry Moray's generator.
Brown and Moreland found a strange quirk of ether physics involved with their over-unity
electricity generating devices. It had been assumed by many, including Gary Vesperman as the basis for
his advanced self-powered electric vehicle concept, that part of the output can be picked off and fed back
directly to the input. The longest Moreland has been able to get his generator to run is three weeks. Then
the generator dissipates like a cat getting tired of chasing its tail.
Brown and Moreland were still experimenting with voltage splitting, etc. Moreland said they may
eventually have to take a generator's input and output out of the same time domain. for example, sımply
connect separate batteries to a generator's input and output.
Atter talking with Moreland this writer, Gary Vesperman, got to thinking that for the selt-powerec
electric vehicle, we could have a computer monitor battery charge levels and from time to time switch
around between several sets of batteries. Simultaneously at all times, one battery set is being used for the
motor, another set for the generator input, a third discharged set connected to the generator's output, plus
possibly some spare batteries.
When chatting with Moreland about electric vehicles, I mentioned the Takahashi over-unity motor
a diye bat fung m aleneno. the maar slowm omned to ailey dor sartng it mo, a gih
the battery is then shown disconnected. Two headlights, connected to the alternator's output terminals,
remained illuminated after the battery was disconnected
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
46
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3884, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1 motorbike using the lakahashı over-unity motor was sent in 1996 (!) trom Japan to England anc
hen to Mark Goldes in Sebastapol, California for testing. Goldes found that the motorbike had limitec
range, and the magnets were unremarkable. Nobody could understand why a man of Takahashi's stature
and wealth would try to pull a scam.
Moreland explained that the secret to the enormous strength of the Takahashi magnets, at 20,000
gauss the most powertul magnets ever developed, is that they contain uranium. The U.S. Government
forbids importing radioactive materials. For some reason, the radioactivity of the Takahashi magnets is
being kept secret trom the U.S. Patent Ottice until the Takahashi motor patents have been granted. So
Takahashi had to substitute ordinary magnets for his super magnets in his motorbike motor.
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D., understands that Takahashi's magnetic Wankel motor has been
suppressed by the Japanese Yakuza mob. (Source:
1F2%209D FiLerS4 Besses) Alternative Finergy Systems: 612%8099CNovel
ty_of_Fact%E2%80%9D.
_Freely_Derived
This writer, Gary Vesperman, didn't follow Moreland's explanation during his Symposium lecture
hoan ced to rite him for a retaence hat couthstudy. Unfortuasely lost touch with Material. I had
afterwards - mainly because his web site www.aztecpub.com never was active.
Teruo Kawai: Motive Power Generating Device
The key statement of Teruo Kawai's US Patent 5,436,518 for his "Motive Power Generating
Device" is as follows: "Electric power of 19.55 watts was applied to the electromagnets at 17 volts an
1.15 amperes.
.. an output of 62.16 watt was obtained." Dividing the output power by the input bowe
yields a coefficient of performance of 3.19.
Thomas E. Bearden, Ph.D., explained the Kawai device's operation, placed his explanation on the
Internet, and Kawai and party came to Huntsville, Alabama to see him and his associates. At Kawai's
worldwide; he already had build a closed-loop, self-powering system in Japan. Kawai would fund the
entire project.
Their agreement was verbally reached on a Ihursday atternoon, late. Ihat night a jet arrived
›osthaste from Los Angeles. with a Yakuza on board. The next morning Kawai and his party were in fear
ind trembling, and the Yakuza was in total control. Kawai no longer controlled his own company, his
invention, or his own tate. Needless to say, the Yakuza coldly cancelled the agreement, point blank. This
happened in front of Bearden and four associates. So there are five witnesses. The Yakuza and party
quickly packed up the two Kawai engines that were in the possession of Dr. Bearden and his associates,
and departed. No Kawai engine will ever be permitted on the world market. Several other Japanese
COP>1.0 electrical power systems have also been suppressed by the Yakuza. Many such incidents
including murder — have occurred over the last decades, right here in the United States. Others will
happen. (Source: http://www.spiritofmaat.com/archive/mar2/bearden.htm)
Dr. Bearden, inventor of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator (see above), himself has been
the subject of suppression efforts, including death threats. (Source:
http://peswiki.com/indexphp/Site TRP:SUPS005465) Alternative Fnergy_Systems: %E2%80%9CNovel
ty_of_FactE2%80%9D
_Freely_Derived_
Johan Grander: Magnetic Motor
Johan Grander of Austria developed a revolutionary magnetic motor, but was turned down by the
Austrian patent office with the excuse: Inventions which are detrimental to products in existence may not
Not 10, No. Patent." (Erik Maser, "Suppression of Quanlum Leap Inventors", Electrifying Times. 2007,
IPMS-Kiev and Arzamas-16: Super Magnets
The evolution of the Soviet view of the material world was reflected in the formulation of a new
understanding of materials has thus enabled super magnets to be developed.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
47
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 611, "chars": 4287, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In conjunction with research jointly conducted at the highly secretive laboratories at Arzamas-16 in
Khazakstan, IPMS-Kiev has developed a family of magnets with energy characteristics equal to or
exceeding those of the best conventional iron-boron-neodymium types, but with the all-important teature
hat they operate with equal or greater efficiency at extremely high temperatures, up to 250 degrees
centigrade. These magnets are so powertul that they have been successfully used to conduct extensive
research in a perpetual zero gravity environment. All these experiments have been performed without the
use of cryogenics.
Joint ventures of the IPMS with more than a dozen private sector companies to develop inventions
were repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's Defense Intelligence Agency and others. (Source:
David G. Yurth, The Anthropos Files: Tales of Quantum Physics from Another World - 2'" Edition, 2007)
General Motors Corporation: EV-1 Electric Car
Rodger M. Ward was a two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500, National Stock Car Champion,
and multiple winner of the USAC Racing Championship. In 1993 Ward registered with the State of
Nevada a Small Corporate Uttering Registration (SCOR) for his American Electric Car Company, Inc.,
whereby 200,000 shares of common stock were offered for sale at $5 per share. This writer, Gary
Vesperman, wrote most of the SCOR's disclosure document/business plan.
Ward's company had developed a new type of automatic transmission that will reduce the power
required to propel the car and will allow a longer driving range between charges. His company also had
developed a very efficient vaçuum system to energize equipment such as power steering, power brakes,
door locks, and windshield wipers that would ordinarıly require electricity trom the batteries used to
power the electric motor. In addition, his company had added an extra lead-acid battery to supply power
to such accessories as the radio, heater, air conditioner, headlights, and taillights. Thus the power drain of
the accessories is isolated from the power used for the electric motor.
lost interestingly, Ward's company had the right of tirst access, via Las Vegas-based Ashurst
rechnology Corporation, to a new type of battery invented by the I.N. Frantsevich Institute of Problems
of Materials Science, Kiev, Ukraine. Most types of batteries rely on electrochemical reactions. The
Ukrainian crystal lattice battery stores the charges in crystalline layers of a sheet-like material similar in
appearance to mica. Due to nonlinear quantum mechanic effects, the electrical characteristic of each
crystalline layer is that of a capacitor as thin as less than one molecule.
Since capacitance is inversely proportional to thickness of the separation between the layers, the
practical consequence of the crystal lattice battery is to electrically function in a manner similar to that of
a giant capacitor.
The positive contrasts of the crystal lattice battery with the lead-acid battery are so striking as to
justifiably portend a potential revolutionary advance for the electric car industry.
Ward's company initially planned to use twelve 86-pound lead-acid batteries weighing a total of
approximately 1000 pounds. These lead-acid batteries were to be replaced with ten 20-pound crystal
lattice batteries which would weigh a total of only about 200 pounds and thereby noticeably enhance
driving performance.
Lead-acid batteries provide up to approximately 120 miles on a tour to tive-hour recharge. The
crystal lattice batteries could provide up to 400 miles on a one-hour recharge. The crystal lattice batteries
can supply constant voltage tor up to y4% discharge. Since there is no heat nor waste product bulldup as
with electrochemical batteries, the crystal lattice batteries can easily last many hundreds of extremel
rapid charge/discharge cycles.
The crystal lattice batteries operate well in the temperature range of -40 to +60 degrees centigrade.
A side benefit of the crystal lattice batteries is that they are made only of materials which are
environmentally triendly, plentitul, and inexpensive.
Car Company, Inc., lamentably failed to bring to market Ward's potentially revolutionary electric car.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
48
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 710, "chars": 4849, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rodger Ward and Gary Vesperman became good friends. (BTW, he drove in city traffic, cutting in
and out, etc., like the famous race car driver that he is, not like a normal driver!) Ward explained why the
major automobile manutacturers as well as the oil companies suppress electric cars. Unly 60% of their
otal protit is made when a car is sold. The dealers and manutacturers make the other 40% of their proti
selling and replacing high-priced parts such as mufflers, fuel pumps, etc. Electric cars are too simple
http://www.motortrend.com/features/auto_news/112_news040707_ward/.
The significant profit advantage of gasoline cars over electric cars may be why as portrayed by the
movie 'Who Killed the Electric Car?"
, General Motors Corporation dıdn t tully support and eventually
scrapped its EV-1 Electric Car. To be fair, GM claims that it refused to sell its EV-T Electric Car because
CM are him he earning Nor termed asin a l more adanage chan ie yoning,
Because the Volt will still have a gasoline engine, the Volt should be complicated enough for GM to
The complicated gasoline-powered car is tundamentally unrellable and unnecessarıly expensive t
fuel and maintain. It has required heroic engineering efforts to partly overcome its inherent impracticality
Within about a year alter writing the disclosure document for Ward's company's SCOR, this writer
also wrote Nevada SCOR's for Natural Environmental Solutions, Inc., (NESI) and Aimrite Systems
International, Inc. NESI had acquired the rights to Frank Richardson's magnet-based electrical generator
that required no input power and also a bladeless Tesla-type steam turbine (see above). Aimrite Systems
had patented computer-controlled hydraulic shock absorbers and a computer-controlled air ride
suspension system. I have ridden a test bus equipped with an Aimrite suspension. Nice ride.
I introduced Rodger Ward to prolific Las Vegas inventor Alvin Snaper. Snaper has 600 patents,
processes, and innovations such as the type font ball in the IBM Selectric typewriter and Tang the orange
juice drink. Ward became enthusiastic with Snaper's demonstration of a prototype of Snaper's invention
of a compressed air-driven air conditioner/heater. It relies on the principle of a vortex tube. Air whirled in
a vortex tube separates with the cold air molecules collecting in one portion of the tube, and the warm air
molecules collecting in another portion of the tube. The cold air is expelled from one end of the tube, and
the warm air is expelled from the other end. It can be switched between providing 90% cold air and 10%
warm air, or 10% cold air and 90% warm air. The metal tube is about a toot long and a halt-inch ir
diameter with a two-inch long compressed air intake tube perpendicularly attached about three inches
from one end. The intake compressed air requirement specifications are 7 CFM at 40 PSI. The volume of
air expelled is twice that of a refrigerant-type automobile air conditioner while requiring only one-fourth
the horsepower. Also, no warm-up period is required as with conventional air conditioners or heaters. Its
efficiency is nearly 30%.
Alvin Snaper also had invented a low-temperature nondestructive process for increasing the
durability of vehicle parts and tools with diamond or titanium nitride. A few years later, Snaper invented a
high-performance nickel-iron battery very suitable for electric vehicles.
The Ukraine's IPMS had also invented a basalt/carbon fiber foam which is extremely strong yet
ighter than tiberglass. A test vehicle made with basalt/carbon tiber toam parts was reportedly the only
vehicle ever tested that can cut through a cast-iron London taxicab in a collision. (See below: IPMS
High-Temperature Gas Plasma Detonator".)
Just for fun, I then combined these technologies into an "advanced self-powered electric vehicle
concept"
• A current version with more details and additional technologies is available in the category
"Speculative Advanced Electric Vehicle Concept" (http://www.iiic.de/docs/GVShortSummaries I-
46a.htm). In addition, at a public meeting (14 September 2005) held in Green Valley Ranch Casino,
Henderson, Nevada, regarding the proposed Regional Fixed Guideway traversing Las Vegas, Nevada, I
submitted suggestions for possible power sources for the train, most of which also seem suitable for self-
owered sources tor vehicles
see http://www.rtcsouthernnevada.com/rfg/documents/September2005PublicMeetingMinutes.pdf), pp
The Pulsed Abnormal Glow Discharge (PAGD) reactor uses high-density charge clusters to produce
useful positive AC-to-DC electrical power conversion gains such as 483%. It's an over-sized glass
vacuum tube which is constructed and electrically driven within a narrow range of DC voltage so that it
operates with negative resistance.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
49
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4837, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Paulo and Alexandra Correa, "New Energy Electric Power - Now! Pulsed Abnormal Glow
Discharge Technology
, " Infinite Energy: Cold Fusion and New Energy Technology Volume 2, No. 7,
March/April 1996, p. 18. Gary Vesperman's compilation of "Advanced Technologies for Foreign Resort
Project" in http://www.icestuff.com/~energy21/advantech.htm includes a chapter on the PAGD reactor.
The Correas have demonstrated 1-kilowatt outputs and have run motors under load with these
PAGD reactors. GM was interested in the PAGD reactor, as the company's electrical engineers loved it.
Upper management killed it, and told the Correas, "The electric car is window dressing.
IPMS: Energy Storage/Battery Devices
During the summer of 1984, airborne intelligence surveillance teams of the United States Air Force,
operating out ot specially contigured and equipped Boeing 707 airframes (called AWAC's) electronically
detected (and then shortly thereatter photographed) bursts of coherent light of enormous power
originating in the vicinity of Dushambe, Turkministan. The bursts of light, a brilliant blue-green color,
lasted just a few seconds and were shifted almost to the ultraviolet end of the light spectrum. The "laser"
beams were directed upwards out of the atmosphere towards American military communications
satellites.
At precisely the same time the AWAC's detected and photographed the laser bursts (they were
reterred to in that jargon by American military analysts but later proved to be something almost entirely
different), several of the satellites essential to America's global military command and control
communications systems became inexplicably inoperable.
The Defense Intelligence Agency, under the direction of the National Security Council and assisted
by the National Security Agency, escalated its surveillance of the remote site in the Ural Mountains from
which the bursts first originated
For several months, during a concerted campaign of uninterrupted
observation by AWAC's and American spy satellites, no additional bursts were observed or reported.
Then, without warning, in the middle of the night nearly seven months later, AWAC's crews operating
just outside the territorial airspace of Afghanistan detected similar laser bursts of lower intensity during a
period of intensive localized ground warfare.
The Atghanistan bursts were apparently aimed at targets under attack by soviet intantry units. The
aser bursts continued in a sustained. localized but obviously mobile attack pattern. as trequently as tour
or tive times per hour, until nearly sunset of the next day. Photographic evidence gathered at the time br
the AWAC's crew, and later corroborated by photographs taken at the actual site of the fire fight and
forwarded to the U.S. for analysis, showed that the targets of the laser bursts were ammunition and fuel
supply depots located in the remote desert. Several of the ammunition and fuel caches had apparently
been destroyed during the attack, as demonstrated by the evidence of explosions, fire, smoke and residual
infra-red heat patterns detected, photographed and electronically recorded on-board the AWAC's.
All this information was transmitted (via encrypted communications bursts, routed through the
military Global Command Control satellite system) to the National Security Agency (NSA), located at
Fort Meade, Maryland. Analysts there recognized that they were looking at evidence of a weapons system
which had never been observed before. They did not know what had produced the laser bursts. But they
dia know that the technology which made such a thing possible was not available to the countries
participating in the NATO Convention. They were terrified at the implications of such a development.
Within hours, the information was packaged into classified documents and conveyed to the Joint
Chiefs of Staff. The Joint Chiefs examined the information while they were being briefed by the AWAC's
crews which had witnessed and recorded the events. After the briefing, the crews were dismantled, and
their various members stationed far away from one another, with orders never to discuss the events they
had witnessed. Officially, the laser bursts never had occurred.
Secretary of Defense Frank Carlucci took delivery of the packet at his residence in Falls Church,
Virginia, three days later, at a private, secret meeting held in the middle of the night. No one has yet
adequately explained why the Joint Chiets waited three full days to briet the Secretary. Early the next
norning, he was driven in a specially prepared bulletproot limousine to the White House. He personall
delivered the information to the new President of the United States, Ronald Reagan. The content of the
Secretary's report had an immediate, measurable impact.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
50
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 4064, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It was this series of events which principally precipitated the Strategic Defense Initiative, a program
of military defense and reprisal based on America's state-of-the-art satellite-borne laser-optical and
particle accelerator technologies. The S.D.I. system was intended to provide the U.S. with a meaningtul
deterrent to further aggressive use of the technology developed by the Soviet Military.
There was only one problem with this system, aside from the fact that its astronomical costs almost
behold thieh was ant achievable in the west and ichadd odd rained by kir of the
models, materials, technologies or sciences known in the West.
In 1985, the top-secret military version of the space shuttle, code named Atlantis, embarked on a
special orbital mission. Une of its mission assignments was to retrieve, examine or photograph the
nilitary spy satellites which had been disabled by the laser bursts recorded in 1979-84. The results of this
investigation have not been declassified or released in any but the most censored version to the public.
What we do know for certain. as a matter of publicly available non-classitied intormation, however, 1s
hat each of the disabled satellites appeared to have had at least one, and in some cases as many as four or
five precisely measured holes, approximately the size of an American silver dollar, melted completely
through them from the outside.
The photographs taken of the satellites show evidence of intense heat, charring and carbonized
military satellites, atter having passed through the atmosphere of the planet and into space for as many as
325 miles. Such a thing has scarcely been dreamed of by the American military, much less put into any
but the most nominally effective operational form.
After more than ten years of political, economic and technological wrangling, and after the
expenditure of more than one hundred twenty billion dollars in largely inettectual research and
levelopment ettorts, it is inescapably clear that no amount of money or political pressure, no amount oi
reo-political posturing or economic sanctions was going to compel the disclosure or replication of the
technologies which produced the results photographed over the Carpathian Mountains and the
Afghanistan deserts. The Soviets had developed a weapons system which was so revolutionary that it
could not be explained, replicated or defended against.
The Reagan Administration's lack of specificity about the nature of the implied threat to which
S.D.l. was supposed to respond subjected the Administration, the Detense Department and the R&D
proponents of the most prominent American aerospace corporations to an endless barrage of charges by
the Press and the Congress. They were characterized as being disingenuous and accused of being
unreasonably secretive during successive appropriations battles in the Congress.
The truth of matter is that the Administration and the Pentagon were not being disingenuous at all.
They simply could not admit to the American public that they were attempting to develop an effective
response to a weapons system which they did not understand and could not replicate.
There are a number of issues intrinsic to this set of circumstances, along with several dozen others
materials which have been developed in secret laboratories, hidden in caverns excavated beneath the
Carpathian Mountains, in the former Soviet Union.
Over the past decade the West has enjoyed occasional gratuitous glimpses into the heart of Soviet
science. Attempts to disclose or discuss these developments in the press have been ruthlessly suppressed
by powerful special interests vested in both the public and private sectors.
The science which underlies the series of events recounted here remains at the outer limits of the
nost advanced technology of which the West is capable. The questions posed by the mılitary an
orporate analysts about this laser beam weapons system are far-reaching in their scope and implications
Some of them are illustrative:
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
51
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 735, "chars": 4809, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1). New Model of Quantum Mechanics: The sciences and models of quantum mechanics which
produced such stunning recent developments in the West as the laser and maser make quite clear how
much energy is required to create a beam of coherent light powerful enough to penetrate the atmosphere,
retain its coherence in spite of atmospheric diffraction (and other effects described in quantum mechanics
as "thermal blooming''), and melt a two-inch hole clear through a satellite made of the most sophisticated
alloys ever produced in the West. Except for limited short-distance demonstrations conducted with
industrial grade lasers used in cutting operations, there is no known combination of materials or
technologies extant in the West to make such a thing possible.
2) New Materials: The materials necessary to create an electrical charge large enough to power a
levice capable of producing such a beam certainly do exist. In quantum mechanics the term large enougi
loes not make sense. but we can agree for the purposes of this discussion on the effect of it as representer
by such commonly accepted constructs as trequency, voltage, current and lonıc flow rates las
distinguished by the phenomenon ot resistance].
energy to theoreticall
/ to theoretically posa such a device. But the energy ursts in are the Carpahrans and the Aighar
desert were generated by sources which moved from one location to another. In order to do that, several
additional considerations must be addressed:
Portability: The power source would have to be transportable or be capable of storing sufficient
energy to repeatedly power such a device. Western technology cannot produce either a portable power
production unit or energy storage system capable of the pertormance requirements everyone agrees must
be met to make the weapons system work, either in the laboratory or in the field. System portability was
the most puzzling feature of the NSA/DIA report.
When caretully analyzed, the computer-enhanced enlargements of the photographs taken by the spy
satellites and AWAČ's crews failed to provide evidence of any tracks which could be attributed to
wheeled or tracked vehicles operating in the precise locations and at the same time as the laser bursts
which were observed. The implications of this set of circumstances was almost too much to believe - the
devices were apparently either hand held or transportable and rechargeable in such a way as to allow them
to be transported by one or more toot soldiers, without vehicular support.
Enormous Power Requirement: The materials and technologies used to construct a device capable
of generating a beam of such enormous power and magnitude would have to be sutticiently advanced to
enable the components to be transported without damage over significant distances in unpaved areas of
very rough terrain. Such strategies, engineering techniques, construction technologies or materials do not
C.
The continuous repetition of the laser bursts suggests that the devices can be operated repeatedly at
short intervals of 12-15 minutes. This means they can be triggered with signiticantly higher frequency and
intensity than anything which can be produced in the west, even tor laboratory use. Industrial strength
lasers used to cut metals require caretul setup, accommodate only limited use in short bursts, require
extensive cooling and must be continually recalibrated. These limitations obviously did not apply to the
devices being operated in the Afghan desert. Analysts at AMTL agreed that the units would either have to
be recharged via an external, independent device or somehow be capable of self-recharging in the field
Such a thing 1s almost unthinkable by current Western military standards. Not only can we still not
eplicate the technology in any meaningful form. but the Soviets had refined the technology to a poini
which allowed it to be carried on the shoulders of ordinary foot soldiers and recharged in the field without
motorized support.
it mere ng meng Cognit Some mem al as tie rents were the Bitined
or demonstrate something completely different than this narrative suggests.
3) Energy Recharge-Batteries: How did such high-intensity laser beam generators get recharged in
he mıddle of the Afghan desert, in the absence of powered support vehicles or fixed-based power plants'
There are a number of possible alternatives. They could have been powered by some sort of advancer
battery technology. It's possible, but if the battery technology used in the West is used as a model to
support such a thesis, it would take a bank of the most sophisticated batteries ever designed by NASA,
arrayed in series and parallel configurations larger than five full-sized Soviet T-60 tiger tanks to power
such a device.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
52
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 805, "chars": 5310, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
his theoretical battery bank, operating at 100% etticiency (which is not practically or theoreticall
ossible: the best batteries manutactured in the West operate at less than 60% discharge efticiency. coul
conceivably produce enough direct current voltage (in a zero resistance super conductive circuit, which is
not possible, either) to perhaps produce one burst of light equal in intensity to 20% of the power required
to burn a 2-inch hole through a satellite moving at 20,000 miles per hour at a distance of 325 miles.
Soviet ground forces were generating bursts of this magnitude every 12-15 minutes for more than 10
hours with nothing but ground troops. During eight hours of this exchange, it was totally dark. Something
pretty remarkable must have been going on to make such a thing possible.
4) _Energy Recharge - Solar Cells: Another alternative would have been to have whatever energy
storage devices were being used to power the "laser cannons" recharged by sunlight. The state-of-the-art
n photo-voltaic cells produced in the West simply would not support such an undertaking. The very bes
solar cells ever produced in the West have been produced by the Japanese.
These cells operate at a maximum of 19% efficiency - that is, they convert as much as 19% of the
ambient visible sunlight shining on a clear, cloudless day into ion flow, which then becomes low voltage
direct electrical current flowing through a circuit. The Japanese panels require months per section to
manufacture and literally cost more than their weight in gold to manufactüre. They are very heavy and are
so sensitive to vibration and calibration that once installed, they cannot be moved at all.
Photo-voltaic cells capable of providing enough electricity to recharge a theoretically infinite
energy well would have to operate at efficiencies of 50-80% to recharge batteries of infinite electrical
capacity with enough power to trigger such a device. Such cells would have to be very light weight and
able to withstand extremes of heat, cold, vibration, dust, wind and other conditions encountered in a
hostile battlefield environment. Nothing like that exists in the Western technological arsenal.
5) Dielectric Materials - Transformers and Capacitors: Another consideration must be reconciled
efore this issue can be theoretically put to rest. In order to produce a burst of coherent light of sufficient
intensity to have the effect which was observed and recorded by the surveillance teams, the voltage anc
amperage required to support such a device would have to be staggeringly hıgh. In order to operate at all,
the voltage supplied to the system must be released all at once, not in a continuous stream but in a single
coherent burst so intense that any materials known in the West would either evaporate or melt. Not only
would the best dielectric materials known to Western Science melt because of the heat produced by such
enormous energy bursts, but betore a bolt of energy of this magnitude could even be released to such a
device, it would have to be accumulated and stored somehow.
A similar set of requirements of a less dramatic type is present in all the electronic devices
manufactured and marketed in the West. This includes the entire range of electronic devices such as
VCR's, computers, televisions and sound components, telecommunications, information storage,
transmission and retrieval systems of every kind. We could not live as we do without them. The
components which convert, store and release ion flow into the circuitry of these devices are known as
transistors, transformers and capacitors.
This discussion delves into a slightly technical area here, so non-scientific types will need to either
become familiar with the fundamentals of electricity to understand what is meant or simply give it a
possibility that what is developed in the next section is a true representation of the way such things
actually operate. The discussion deals with such commonly used and seldom understood concepts as
voltage, current, frequencies and resistance.
(a) Transformers convert voltage at one level of current (amperage) to either higher or lower voltage
levels. When the voltage is increased, the amperage or current is proportionately decreased. A low voltage
Prod of current or curent level can be transformed into a much higher vollage at a proportionately lower
Capacitors: The decrease in amperage which accompanies a transformation of low voltage to higher
voltage is often compensated for by a device known as a capacitor. In the most simplistic terms,
capacitors "store" electrical energy until the amount of voltage and current reach a certain minimal
threshold. When that point is reached, the entire store of energy is released all at once in a single burst.
The tantalum materials used in the West to manufacture such devices conform to certain standard
rules which are commonly accepted by electrical engineers. These rules have only recently been stretched
by new technologies and materials developed in the West. For the purposes of this discussion, though, it
is safe to say that electrical engineers have long relied on these rules because they have always produced
the same results when applied in the same way. Here's an example.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
53
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 744, "chars": 4821, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is standard engineering fare which dictates that a transformer capable of accommodating one volt
at one ampere of current across a grid of one ohm of resistance will be one cubic meter in dimension. If
tollowed to its logical conclusion, this standard rule of electrical engineering would require that a
transformer capable of supporting a laser burst device of the kind operated by the Soviet ground forces in
the Afghan desert would have to be approximately the size of a building built on a base 100 feet to a side,
nearly 150 feet high.
Surely such a device could not have been hidden from the AWAC's eye in the sky which can
clearly photograph the letters on a license plate from 60,000 feet altitude, nor could it have been moved
on the shoulders of ground troops without wheeled vehicular support. The fact that there was absolutely
no trace of such a huge, massive transformer device (or any other kind of structure or vehicle which could
be construed to serve that purpose means that something else must have been used instead. Military
analysts had absolutely no idea what it could have been.
Such a burst system cannot operate without a capacitor of some sort. A capacitive device capable of
storing the amount of energy required to power a single burst from a laser cannon, made of the most
advanced dielectric material known in the West, would have to have been equally massive and, further,
would have to have been cooled by some sort of strategy which would have been instantly and
unmistakably detected by the infrared cameras and spectroscopic scanners used aboard the AWAC's and
the spy satellites which investigated the scene.
The practical requirements of such a system are best demonstrated by the massive equipment
required to operate and cool the Super Conductor Super Collider linear particle accelerators recently
designed by the United States and Japan. No evidence of any such capacitive device was recorded in
either the Carpathian Mountains or the Afghanistan desert. How can we explain it?
Without going into any detail about how the technologies were developed, suffice it for now to say
that the Soviet ground forces in Afghanistan were equipped with a prototype of a hand-held plasma beam
accelerator, the likes of which had only been roughly imagined by American military analysts. The device
relied on some innovative strategies. Among these were:
Energy Storage Devices: The power source for the Soviet light cannons was comprised of a back-
pack array of specially designed energy storage devices. The closest thing we have in our vocabulary to
compare to them is described by the term "battery." In the limited sense that these devices store electrical
energy, they are batteries. Any other similarity to the batteries we are accustomed to in the West ends
there. The literal translation of the Russian name for them is energy accumulators.
The batteries relied on in the West are based on the chemica! properties of components which, when
combined in certain configurations and proportions, interact chemically with one another. The result of
this chemical interaction is that it creates both heat and a stream of liberated ions - electricity. In dry cell
batteries, the process of chemical interaction is one way - once they have been expended, they are simply
lisposed of. It is estimated that more than 12 billion expended dry cell and lead-acid batteries are dumpec
into America's land fills every year.
Other batteries are designed and constructed so that the chemical reactions which liberate electrical
current are reversible in some degree. These rechargeable cells are characterized by the lead-acid batteries
which are used in automobiles and in commercial and industrial applications. Various strategies have
been developed to make batteries relying on chemical reactions maximally effective, but the theoretical
limits of effectiveness of such devices have surely been reached.
to reach temperatures outside a very narrow safe operating zone, will explode with the force of a smal
thermo-nuclear device of approximately ten-kiloton yield. It is not sate, but it is the best Western science
has come up with.
The energy storage device developed by the IN. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials
Science (IPMS), Kiev, Ukraine, works on a completely ditterent principle. Its construction is the result of
a completely unique nonlinear quantum mechanical model which makes it possible to create crystalline
lattices of absolutely pure carbon (and other materials) in sheets of intinitely variable dimension which
are exactly one molecule thick. The crystal formation techniques and the whole body of new science
which allows for their creation in the first place are completely unknown to Western science.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
54
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 821, "chars": 5081, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The mono-molecular sheets deposited by this technique are wrapped back and forth on top of each
other, more than one million times per millimeter, and are separated from each other by a distance of less
than one atomic diameter. At this level of construction, the material becomes subject to the rules of
quantum mechanics which are almost entirely probabilistic. That means a whole atom of carbon (or
almost anything else except an electron or photon) will not fit in the space which separates the lattice
Sheets.
When viewed under an electron microscope, the sheets produce a pattern which looks for all the
world like an endless tield of four-sided pyramids, connected base to base, on a single plane, with the tips
of the pyramids protruding endlessly, uniformly upwards. When wrapped back and forth on top of eacl
other, these sheets of pure carbon crystal, made of carbon molecules shaped like trillions of identical tiny
pyramıds, all arrayed endlessly in identical formation, are positioned so that the tips of the pyramids on
the bottom sheet are matched with the tips of the pyramids on the top sheets. What remains between the
pyramid tips are open "spaces" or energy wells.
The quantum physics which describes the characteristics of the energy wells created between the
layers of crystalline lattice is largely unknown to Western physicists. The Soviet model predicts with a
high degree of probability that the quanta of energy reterred to in the West as electrons (and, in some
cases, photons), the stuff of which electricity is made, will, when introduced to the lattice structure,
search, find and fit into the energy wells with military precision.
During the recharging or loading phase, the energy storage devices made of the crystalline lattice
material channel one electron at a time into each well created by four carbon pyramids on the bottom
layer and four carbon pyramids on the top layer. Because the rules of quantum mechanics which operate
in this tiny environment demand it, each electron or quanta of energy has a certain polarity, spin and
"color' (and other mathematically detined characteristics) which must be accommodated it it is to find. fit
and stay in an energy well. Interestingly enough, when a current is applied across the lattice-work
structure, the electrons behave precisely as nonlinear quantum mechanics predicts they will. They flow
much like a fluid into the lattice field, then separate into individual energy quanta and spin into the last
nergy well in cach layer, automatically adjusting until the lattice is tu, polarity and color to match their
haracteristics to tit the requirements oi each wel
Because no chemical reactions are involved in the process of marching electrons into or out of the
energy well fields, there is no resistance in the circuit. In the absence of resistance, the electrons fill the
and creating no heat. The amount of space, quired to charge such a call is less than 5% of the cheristics,
required to recharge a conventional chemical battery of similar voltage and current.
The validity of E = MC' is called into question by the way these devices function. When the battery
is fully charged, it actually demonstrates more mass than when the energy storage device is empty or
discharged. The laws of quantum mechanics relied on in the West state categorically that this is not
possible. It is the answer to the question, "How much does a beam of light weigh?"
According to the Soviet model, this is precisely as it should be. When this phenomenon was first
demonstrated to scientists in the West who were testing the energy storage devices at INEEL in Idaho,
they were thunderstruck. The quanta of energy, or electrons as we reter to them, which are poured into the
crystalline lattice demonstrate characteristics of mass even though they are bundles of pure energy sitting
in stasis, literally at rest. The characteristic of mass is verifiable - you can measure it by weighing the
energy storage devices before and after they are charged. When they are charged, they demonstrate
appreciably more mass than when they are fully discharged.
If this is confusing to you, to suggest that pure energy can be shown to demonstrate verifiable mass
this tres in wed is heram of caste cassic eatin dentally different the physies of all
The existence of this technology clearly is proof positive that not only does energy demonstrate the
characteristics of mass, but it does so in a state of non-motion or stasis, sitting idly in an energy well. A
state of stasis is a verv far crv from the terminal theoretical velocitv reauired by the constant in Einstein's
equation, equivalent to the square of the speed of light.
The scientific implications of this phenomenon are truly staggering. At very least, the verification of
mass as a property of energy quanta at rest suggests that Einstein's theory of relativity may be altogether
incorrect as a means of describing the dynamics underlying the real nature of the material world and its
relationship to energy.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
55
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4893, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The existence of this technology suggests, at very least, that energy and mass are equivalent
characteristics of all things which are manifest in the material world. It is this fundamental contextual
difference which distinguishes the Soviet model of quantum mechanics from the Western model. "The
proof of the pudding,'
ng: they say % in the can
they are unlike anything ever seen or contemplated in the West.
In the same way energy quanta stored in the energy wells of crystalline lattice materials demonstrate
complete mathematical satisfaction with staying there indefinitely, when allowed to flow out in the form
ot an outgoing wave of electrical discharge, these quanta (electrons or photons, as you preter) march right
back out without resistance at light speed through a closed circuit to another use.
When these energy storage devices are discharged, they demonstrate other attributes which are not
known in Western science, and which, because of the very nature of the chemical reactions we are
accustomea to, are not theoretically possible according to conventional wisdom. Conventional chemical
patteries, when tully charged, produce electric current at a useable voltage tor perhaps 30-40% of the tota.
lischarge cycle. After that, either the voltage or amperage (or both) drop to low enough levels that the
levices being powered by them cannot recognize or use the electrical current which remains available. A
hat point, the batteries either have to be recharged or replaced
the crystal lattice batteries have been demonstrated to produce precisely the same current and
voltage levels throughout 98 of their discharge cycle. They produce no heat during discharge, regardless
of the rate at which they are discharged. This is absolutely contrary to our experience with batteries,
transformers or capacitors. Until the crystalline lattice materials were specifically engineered to register
an electronically detectable blip at 95-96% discharge, it was impossiblé even for the scientists who
developed them to distinguish a partially discharged battery from a fully charged one.
There is another characteristic which is intrinsic to energy storage devices which comes into play
here. It is a characteristic of materials which is described as energy density. For non-scientitic readers,
this concept can simply be construed to mean the amount of measurable electrical current which can be
produced by any device or material when its mass is converted into electrical energy. The concept is
expressed in mathematical tormulas as the number of watts and hours of consumable energy which can be
converted from each kilogram of material. It is expressed as watt-hours per kilogram.
lere is an example we can all understand. Consider gasoline. When converted into electrical powe
t 100% efficiency, gasoline has been theoretically shown to have an energy density of between 550 an
600 watt-hours per kilogram of mass. In easy terms, that means that if one kilogram of gasoline were
converted into pure electricity at 100% efficiency (with no loss due to heat, resistance, waste, etc.), the
reservoir of energy would power a 100-watt light bulb for 5.5 to 6 hours.
Most of the high-end conventional automobile batteries of the lead-acid variety operate at an energy
density rate of between 20-25 watt-hours per kilogram. The best NASA sodium-hydride batteries operate
at 48-50 watt hours per kilogram. The energy accumulator devices which have been tested at the Idah‹
National Electronic Laboratories have demonstrated energy densities of between 8JU and IUSU watt-hours
per kilogram.
What does this mean in practical terms? It means, for one thing, that for the first time in the history
f science an energy storage device has been created with an energy density which is greater than gasoline
or any other refined fossil fuel. It means that devices which rely on these energy storage technologies car
theoretically be designed to store and deliver clean electrical power at higher rates of efficiency than any
fossil fuel ever discovered.
The global implications of this technology are irresistible. It means, among other things, that the
technology exists, right now, to eliminate the need to build another nuclear power plant or dam another
river to produce hydroelectric power. It means we can no longer justify burning another ounce of
petroleum, another piece of coal, another cubic cențimeter of natural (or unnatural gas) or another tree to
produce heat, electricity or power for any purpose, including transportation.
When coupled with the plasma beam devices being tested by the Soviet infantry units in
Afghanistan, these energy storage devices operated at such unbelievably high rates of discharge efficiency
that they made it possible to repeatedly induce huge electrical discharges in a highly mobile configuration.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
56
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 677, "chars": 4644, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The same technologies which were used to produce the energy storage devices have been adapted to
create transformers and capacitors with previously unimagınable performance characteristics. Instead of
adhering to the conventional western model of "One Volt at One Amp across a resistance of One Ohm
equals One Cubic Meter," the Soviets have produced a capacitor which measures more than 1200 farads
at 10,000 amperes in a package the size of a tuna sandwich.
When tested by the Technology Materials Testing Laboratory of the Detense Department at the
Pentagon and at the I.N.E.E.L. in Idaho, totally new testing equipment had to be designed, engineered anc
constructed just to test the devices. The scientists at those laboratories had never tested anything like these
materials before.
nstead of having to house transformer and capacitor devices in a series of trailers towed by diese.
ractors or huge fixed-base facilities, the operatıng apparatus which supplied transformed power and higr
intensity capacitive bursts to the light cannons weighed less than ten pounds and could easily be
transported in a backpack by a foot soldier.
One final question remains unanswered. "How did the energy storage devices, once dissipated or
discharged, become recharged in the field, especially in the dark of night?"
T'he back-pack plasma beam device detected by the A WAC's during limited combat use in the
Afganistan desert was powered by energy storage devices constructed of' crystalline lattice materials.
Atter each laser burst, the energy storage devices were recharged every 12-15 minutes (nearly 45 minutes
in the dark of night— the residual ambient heat of the desert is a very efficient source of infrared energy)
by sunlight, collected and converted to electricity by four-foot square panels of "solar cell" material
arrayed on a pole like a flag, each weighing less than ten ounces.
The electrical energy stored in the back-pack energy acumulators was transformed into
enormously high voltages and released at almost unbelievably high current levels when the super-
capacitors were sufficiently charged. The beam of "light" detected by the AWAC's crews was a field of
plasma, flowing at the speed of light and demonstrating characteristics of mass (and, therefore, kinetic
energy). The phenomenon represented by these bolts of lightning are not comprehensible according to the
model ot quantum mechanics and plasma physics currently being used in the West.
Battery packs utılizıng these energy accumulator materials have been designea, produced ana tested
which provide more than 14 hours of continuously transmitted power on a single charge to conventional
hand-held cellular telephone devices. Similar improvements in conventional battery/energy storage
capacıty have been developed and are being tested tor such devices as video camcorders, laptop and
portable computers and other similar consumer, commercial, industrial and mılitary applications.
IPMS research in the field of layered crystals has thus led to the creation of capacitors with a very
high level of capacitance (measured in tarads). This technology is based on a revolutionary production
technique which forms polarızed surfaces of one molecule thickness, separated by less than one atomic
diameter of space, held together by weak Van der Waals energy forces. The special properties created by
these layered crystalline structures provide previously unimaginable internal surface areas. Super
capacitors are constructed of layered materials numbering more than one million dipole sheets for each
mıllimeter of crystal thickness.
These devices provide a virtually limitless number of charge-discharge cycles aț astonishingly rapid
charge and discharge rates. The potential impact of such devices on all electronic equipment currently
being produced is incalculable, since virtually all electronic devices rely extensively on the West's state-
At present, IPMS has on hand (among others) a super-capacitor roughly the sıze and dımension ot a
sandwich which develops more than 1,200 farads at 10,000 amperes. It also boasts production of a battery
protes mave power per i or inas hin y ei ie e ese r r rs ine itn li ht
vo tộ mile per non wệi a angc or 32 mie os sing i hare, he power pan tor hi naciten tas
been recently improved by the inclusion of a proprietary solid-state ceramic electric motor which weighs
7.2 kilograms and produces 100 horsepower on 12-volt direct current. For comparison, an electric vehicle
employing a 100-horsepower electric motor performs the same as with a 500-horsepower gasoline engine.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
57
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 4587, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It these pertormance attainments can be sustained in broad-based applications, electrically powerec
vehicles could be produced which would meet or exceed virtually all performance characteristics
currently available in equipment relying on internal combustion, petroleum-based engines.
Gasoline/diesel-powered transportation devices can be replaced by cleaner, more efficient and
significantly less expensive alternatives.
vehicle considerations.
et for maurent ere storage 924 alion periar ilb, pereied by these energy
Joint ventures of the IPMS with more than a dozen private sector companies to develop useful
energy inventions have been repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's Defense Intelligence
Anencer Worth es,/ dire: Doid G. Yurth, The Anthropos Files: Tales of Quantum Physies from
Edition, 2007)
IPMS: High-Temperature Gas Plasma Detonator
Since its establishment in 1951, the I. N. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials Science
IPMS), Kiev, Ukraine,
unique model of plasma physics. With their invention of a high-temperature gas plasma detonator,
strategic metals and other commonly used materials can literally be sprayed onto the surtace of other,
reviously incompatible materials. These gas plasma detonation spray technologies make it possible t
reate permanent molecular bonds between materials which could never be married together before
Chromium materials of an entirely new type have been developed to provide high-purity cathodes
and targets. Moldable, flexible chromium (a type of material never betore available) can now literally be
sprayed to conform to widely varying shapes for linings (i.e., to reduce internal pipe corrosion), provide
nuclear rod protection, and highly effective space hardening. These techniques have been perfected and
used in practical tield applications for more than 35 years.
The unique nature of these technologies may not be readily apparent to those not intimately tamiliar
with the commercial and industrial uses of such materials. In more ordinary applications, however, the
importance ot being able to provide solid targets, stand-alone ingots of ultra-pure chromium, scandium,
magnesium and other exotic materials, cannot be overstated. Today, the state-of-the-art in the West only
illows chromium. for example. to be transported and used while in solution with other highly toxi
iquids. Western scientists do not have the ability to produce tree-standing ingots of any of thest
materials. The manutacturing models which rely on Western science make it clear that it is not
theoretically possible tor such materials to be produced in a tree-standing torm.
Similar materials coupled with the technologies of high-temperature gas plasma detonation have
›een developed for coating internal combustion engine parts to extend life cycle. They have been appliec
to enhance the performance characteristics of memory elements for computers and to support an
extraordinary variety of totally new electronic cırcultry. This technology has been successtully used to
produce computer circuit boards whose operating components are intrinsic to the circuitry, thereby
eliminating the utility or need for soldering or pin housings. The use of scandium, a very rare and exotic
element available only in the Carpathian Mountains of Ukraine, make much of this possible in ways not
anticipated by Western science.
IPMS-Kiev scientists have developed a series of diamond and cubic boron nitride powders which
are smaller and more uniform than any other manutactured today. Also available in this famıly of
materials are very fine (sometimes mono-molecular) ultra-high purity powders and liquids of refractory
metals including chromium, vanadium, tungsten, scandium and molybdenum. These powders can literally
be sprayed as a plasma field to form continuous, seamless, flexible molecular bonds with host surfaces
without electrolytic processes. These materials demonstrate clearly superior performance in tool
hardening, cutting edge equipment and polishing.
IPMS-Chernovitsky scientists have developed an entire family of previously unknown technologies
›ased on woven tibers made entirely of 100% pure basalt tibers (lava rock). This totally new technology
illows for the production of flexible, weave-able threads. These fibers are fundamentally resistant to heat.
demonstrating a sottening point in excess of 800 degrees centigrade. Fibers of this material have been
Puman ha in diameters of less than 3 microns (millionths of a meter), more than 10 times smaller than a
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
58
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 649, "chars": 4386, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Alled Signal Corporation in the United States has attempted unsuccesstully for more than twenty-
five years to produce a single fiber of a similar type material. Today, the Ukraine has the capacity to
produce these raw fibers at the astronomical rate of 100 tons per month.
These materials are currently being produced in applications involving brake shoes and clutch plates
with extraordinary performance characteristics. These materials sustain only about 15% of the wear
currently attributed to asbestos-based materials used in identical applications, with the added advantage
that they are environmentally friendly (non-toxic and non-polluting). In current applications, parts
tabricated of basalt tibers actually operate at higher etticiencies as surtace temperatures are increased, up
to operating temperatures exceeding 800 degrees Centigrade.
Basalt fiber materials have also been shown to demonstrate superior insulating capabilities over
commercially avallable materials in applications involving both temperature and sound. They have been
Ised in applications related to mine rooting, trays of water cooling systems and as both gas and fluid
ilters. A four-inch deep pile of 5-micron filaments has been shown to demonstrate heat insulating
half the seizexcess of R-65, which is nearly four times the efficiency of glass fiber equivalents, i one-
Further, basalt tibers have been woven together with threads of tungsten, chromium and other
strategic metals to produce cloth materials with previously unheard of characteristics. Woven metallic
threads and fabrics of this type have never before been produced anywhere in the world.
This writer, Gary Vesperman, has included in his "Advanced Self-Powered Electric Vehicle
Concept" (see http://iiic.de/docs/GVShortSummaries1-46a.htm) a monocoque (unibody) basalt/carbon
fiber foam body/trame. The IPMS-manutactured basalt/carbon fiber foam is extremely strong yet lighter
than fiberglass. A test vehicle made with basalt/carbon fiber foam parts was reportedly the only vehicle
ever tested that can cut through a cast-iron London taxicab in a collision.
To utilize this technology to create an automobile enclosure, three technologies are needed:
.The basalt fiber technology can only be found at the IPMS. There may still exist some spools of the
stuff in or around Kiev. The principal value of the material is that it has a softening temperature of 805
degrees centigrade.
2.
The Kussians use powdered metallurgy to alloy their strategic metals - the ideal mix of meta.
bowders would be aluminum and magnesium. Since both can be found in finely particulated powders anc
when mixed together in the right ratios, these two metals form a material which is utterly resistive to
corrosion and which has excellent tensile strength.
3.
The powdered metals are mixed in a chamber like dry cake mix and then applied using a third
Detonator". -in mes documents, this technology is referred to as a High-Temperature Gas Plasma
The metal powder is poured into a ceramic container, which tunnels it into a specially
lesigned high-temperature containment vessel which is also surrounded by super magnets (see IPMS-
Kiev and Arzamas-16: Super Magnets elsewhere in this energy invention suppression compilation),
the chamber, high voltage, high pressure and extreme magnetic fields reduce the metal powder to
which creates the shape of the vehicle.
When the metallic plasma collides with the basalt fiber material, it has a temperature of about 1600
degrees centigrade. This causes the basalt fibers to soften and partially melt - but the cooling gradient for
his material is so steep that it cools almost immediately below 800 degrees centigrade, at which point the
fibers reconstitute. This creates a basalt fiber-reinforced metal-alloyed shell which is extremely strong
very light weight and can be polished to a high sheen.
This is the technology the Russians have used for 35 years to create fuel cells for their huge rocket
boosters - and it is the reason their boosters are so light, have no gaskets or seams and can be reused over
ind over again. It is primarily because of their extensive use of these integrated technologies that the
Soviet space program has been able to consistently deliver larger payloads into orbit that any other natior
since the space race began in 1957.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
59
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 635, "chars": 4107, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Joint ventures of the IPMS with more than a dozen private sector companies to develop usetul
inventions have been repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's Defense Intelligence Agency and
others. (Source: David G. Yurth, The Anthropos Files: Tales of Quantum Physics from Another World -
2" Edition, 2007)
Remy Chevalier (Reporter): NiMH Batteries; Solid-State Lithium-Ion Batteries
The best Nickel Metal Hydride (NiMH) batteries are no longer on the market. Why? Because either
Cobasys has no intention of ever mass producing powerful NiMH automotive packs, or they just don't
know how, even though they own the patent. The cells they displayed at the last EDTA conterence were
automakers expect from their suppliers.
Essentially Matsusita took some of the information from their original, but mediocre patents and
developed a functional NiMH battery that gave a range of 160 miles to the General Motors EV-1 and 110
miles to the Toyota RA V4 EV. This Panasonic M95 was also getting 1-2000 deep cycles and 100,000-
150,000 miles on a battery pack. Something the oil companies and Detroit automakers don't want on the
market, despite the Fortune 500's good mood for natural capitalism.
So now that the best NiMH battery technology for EV's has been removed from commercial
circulation, Toyota, Honda and Ford are stuck using inferior NiMH battery technology in their hybrids.
Toyota has indicated it will take up to 4 years for the next generation lithium-ion (Li-ion) battery
chemistry to be as reliable and affordable. Till then, it's touch and go as Toyota can't crank out enough
hybrids off the assembly line to meet demand, especially in deliveries to corporate fleets, taxicabs and
limousine services.
State-of-the art lithium-ion chemistry is in limbo at some California-based company who has
managed to secure the exclusive production rights to the only Li-ion technology that really counts, roll-to-
1u ke meng last poo tay he protein i kepting my art pang resige.
Instead more conventional liquią Li-ion chemistry is being pushed teverishly. Toyota is buying out
major Li-ion startups in Asia. Other Li-ion battery companies like Valence, Electrovaya, Kokam, LG
Chem have attractive polymer Li-ion batteries, but they are still all based on the older liquid chemistry
model, and therefore more expensive and more complicated to produce.
The chemical genius who came up with the Li-ion solid-state polymer roll-to-roll protocol is a
professor at MIT who does not own his own technology. MIT owns the technology, and it is the MIl
licensing office which gets to decide what companies do or do not get awarded these licensing rights. This
revolutionary technology has been in limbo since 1995!
Is it because MIl is cashing checks trom the Rocketeller Bros. and the Ford Foundation! Is it pure
incompetence? Is it a repeat of the cold fusion debacle Gene Mallove wrote about in his book "Fire from
Ice"? It's hard to tell as everyone involved is terrified to talk about it openly, which is why I am not
mentioning any names. Frequent visitors to the Electrifying Times website know exactly who I am talking
My suspicion is that certain forces within the military, and now Homeland Security, do not want
solid-state roll-to-roll Li-ion batteries from entering the civilian marketplace, the same way you can't buy
Green, a special duct tape developed for Groton Electric Boat workers to strap metal parts, so strong it
instantly bonds to the skin, requiring surgery if accidentally touched.
What a poor boy to do who wants to save the planet it the powers-that-be won't give him the
affordable batteries he needs to make a O to 60 in under 3 seconds EV with a 200-mile range on a single
charge? That's the question we should all be asking ourselves instead of lamenting about who killed the
electric car!
nor ble promance an any it elegance he ask our my i means as an ir
very little to get their solid-state Li-ion roll-to-roll battery patents into production. Don't follow the
money; follow the trail of misappropriated and shelved patents.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
60
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3638, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Congress needs to put back into question the entire review process of patent law, and its
the sole ences on or keeping its heatol out sistrial station eces pedom in it or
Better Batteries?" by Remy Chevalier, Electrifying Times, spring-summer 2006, Vol. 10, No. 1,
www.electrityingtimes.com.)
(Erik Masen adds more details in his "Suppression of Quantum Leap Inventors" Electrifying Times, 2007,
Vol. 10, No. 2)
Chevron-Texaco bought into a Detroit company, Stanford Ovshinsky's Energy Conversion Devices
(ECD), and changed their name to Cobasys. ECD held the original patents on nickel metal hydride battery
technology, but never successfully marketed a turnkey NiMH battery for major markets. They did sell a
considerable amount of NiMH batteries to GM for the EV1. Panasonic came along and refined this NiMH
battery technology into an indestructible battery of higher energy density and longer life. That enabled the
Toyota RAV4 EV (electric vehicle) to get 80-120 miles out of a battery cycle, and get over 100,000 miles
of battery life out of this improved NIMH battery. ECD-Cobasys filed a lawsuit of patent infringement
against Panasonic and won. This action essentially shutdown the import and use of the Panasonic M95
NiMH battery that was so successful in making EV's practical for the GM EV1, Ford Ranger Electric PU,
and the Loyota RAV4 EV. As a result the proven very popular M95 90-ampere-hour NiMH is not for sale
in the United States. ECD-Cobasys also put heavy licensing tees and restrictions on the NiMH battery
used in the Toyota's present hybrid fleet.
Paul M. Lewis: Airmobile
In 1936, Paul M. Lewis designed a three-wheeled car that looked a lot like the present Volkswagen
bug. He called it the "Airmobile", and his original model is still on display at Harrah's auto Museum in
Reno, NV.
Though Lewis had not known what Dr. Ferdinand Porsche was doing in Germany, the Lewis
Airmobile was amazingly similar to the popular VW beetle.
Both vehicles were low cost, simplistic in design, used horizontal opposed four-cylinder air-cooled
engines, transaxles, independent suspension systems and unitized body construction.
When World War II came along, it sent VW soaring in Germany, but killed the Airmobile. Porsche
fit into the German establishment, but Lewis was a "crackpot" inventor and a pain in the neck to the
economic status quo.
The VW beetle's popularity proves that Lewis' original idea was valid and worthy, despite the
laughter from Detroit.
The Airmobile was driven out of business in the late 1930s by the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the U.S. Postal Department, who have been called bureaucratic flunkies for the oil-auto
monopoly.
"I was harassed for two years, and they refused to let me sell stock in my company on the pretense
they were investigating possible wrongdoing." Lewis said. "After I was beaten down, they sent
representatives to tell me they found nothing wrong, and I could sell stock. A man can't make a dead
horse walk."
After losing the Airmobile, despite driving it through 26 states for more than 45,000 miles without a
repair, Lewis went from Denver to Los Angeles, where he continued inventing.
Joel McClain and Norman Wooten: Magnetic Resonance Amplifier
On December 12, 1994, Joel McClain and Norman Wooten, two Dallas inventors, discovered that a
magnetic resonance amplitier could be capable of over-unity gain energy conversion. The electrical
invention as wideoty as possible via testere rica nasasterest possible e
then, they have authored articles on the magnetic resonance amplifier in Electrifying Times,
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
61
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 619, "chars": 4052, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A personal friend of Newt Gingrich became very interested and arranged for the Physics
Department at Georgia Institute of Technology to experiment with it. They were able to increase the gain
physis they retused to pust terests tor ear of sing pe
so that the output is 18 times the input. Since they could not explain this according to conventiona
hysics, they retusea to publish their results tor tear ot losing the respect and esteem ot their peers
Gingrich had been following the MRA with keen interest so when his friend told him of the
problem with Georgia Tech, Gingrich arranged for the federal funding of Georgia Tech programs to be
cut off. The President of Georgia Tech who had been in the dark on all this began getting phone call
from enraged Georgia Tech professors. Then the Physics Department published their findings.
At the International Tesla Society Symposium in Colorado Springs (July 20-23), McClain and
Nootan gave a lecture on their magnetic resonance amplifier. The oscilloscope waveforms of output vs.
input they showed were very odd. They sort of loop around themselves.
A few days after the conference, Wootan's two-year-old boy had been abducted, Wootan was
running for his life in Canada, and McClain was in hiding.
The magnetic resonance amplifier's claimed over-unity power conversion efficiency was later
has invented a solid-state over-unity electrical energy converter with an input of 15 volts, .438 amperes
(1.23 watts) and an output of 34 volts, 127 amperes (4318 watts). McKie's converter apparently is a more
advanced version of the magnetic resonance amplifier.
Al Wordsworth: Electrical Generator and Advanced Carburetor
The details are sketchy and second-hand, but inventor Al Wordsworth had to contend with
harassment of both his advanced carburetor and electrical generator. His generator had an input of 3 amps
at 12 volts and an output of 32 amps at 6 to 8 volts. He died some years ago. It is believed his generator
design is lost.
John Richardson: 90+ MPG Carburetor; Atomic Isotope Generator
John Richardson invented a "carburetor improvement/adjustment mechanism" which enabled autos
to achieve 90 to 100 miles per gallon of gasoline. Richardson also invented an "atomic isotope generator'
about the size of a washing machine, which could electrify a 5,000 sq. ft. house or building for over 100
rears at a minimal up-tront cost. Vicious threats from big business to his lite and his tamily persuade
Richardson to hide the prototypes and to stop further work. (Source: http://center-for-natural
Fish/Kendig: Variable Venturi Carburetor
it-yourself mechanics. The Fish carburetor even got into production on a small scale.
He was growing successful when Post Office Department agents swooped down on him for
"investigation of fraud"
• Several years later he was exonerated of any charges. But until then the mails to
and from his business had been stopped during the lengthy "investigation"
. He was wiped out financially.
In the early 1970's a young college student (name unknown) entered his Mercury "gas hog" in the
California Air Pollution car race and won hands down. He was using the Kendig Variable Ventur
carburetor that a small company (name unknown) had manufactured in Los Angeles for racing cars.
Within a week the student was told to remove the carburetor since it wasn't approved by
California's Air Resources Board (CARB). His car had reduced pollution and doubled the gas mileage
(for that model). This may have been suppression conducted by the Air Resources Board. (The movie
"Who Killed the Electric Car?"
accuses CARB as one of the "gang of killers" of GM's EV-1 electric car.)
Dick Belland: 100 MPG Carburetor that Runs on Gasoline Fumes
In 1979 Dick Belland and his brothers and a nephew were experimenting with an automobile
carburetor which ran on gasoline fumes. They stopped when Belland received telephone threats to be
fitted with a pair of cement boots. For story see http://www.byronwine.com/files/Dodge%20truck.pdf.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
62
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3406, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ron Brandt: 90 MPG Carburetor
Ron Brandt is the inventor of the perm-mag motor. He is now of retirement age. He has personally
told this writer, Gary Vesperman, that he is scared of working on over-unity free energy machines.
memorize the badge numbers of the two US Marshals and so had an attorney in Washington, DC check
with the US Marshal's office. They had no record of the two badge numbers.
Welton Myers: Myers' Efficient Carburetor
Welton Myers, Director of Technology for Pure Energy Systems, does not have a resume, as he has
always been self-employed.
I, Sterling D. Allan, received the following information from him via phone interview today.
Though Welton attended Cornell University, with a major in Agricultural Engineering, that is not of
significance to him. It didn't take many years before he came to the realization that the mainstream
science he learned there is full of errors (techniques deplete soil of nutrients). He completed there in
approximately 1954.
From 1954 through 1960, Welton tarmed (mainly corn) and raised 50 dairy cows. Towards the end
of that time he also dabbled in logging and mining.
From 1960 through 1975, he laid the foundations for what today is known as Habitat for Humanity.
He set up non-protit programs in New York and Calitornia, taking groups of ten tamilies who helped each
other build homes, and learned skills in the process, which they could later use in a trade.
He helped build and renovate over 1000 homes during this time. Better Rochester Living Is the
name of the first program in New York, and Self Help Enterprises (SHE) was the name of his first
program in California.
In 1975, he began building homes for profit when his funding dried up for the non-for-profit
program he was doing. He built around 25 homes in the $100k range.
Then in 1978 he had a serious accident that put him out of commission for physical labor until
1984. He was rear-ended by a car going 120 mph.
"This was one of my most creative periods" he said,
ironically, because it was also during this time that he had a very difficult time remembering the simplest
mileage. the organization he nded along it Bill Cope contende is Ponto ed were the
seminars at Robert Wesley College, where people came to learn how to convert their cars to get three
times the gas mileage.
That project came to a halt when his car was sabotaged, the pressure release valve being clamped
who told Withs wite they were anting the cacks
Welton (not true), towed the car away; and Welton never saw it again.
The blueprints are held by an associate today, but Welton does not recommend the design because
ot the high pressures involved (3000 - 6000 PSI), which could be dangerous if the car is in an accident.
It was also during that time (1983) that he built a magnetic motor along with Bill Cope and an
inventor who said he had been involved with Tesla. The day after they announced that they were ready to
open the technology to a public ottering, the laboratory was raided, their equipment smashed, and their
nventor was threatened at gunpoint to leave the country, which he did. That inventor had also been
involved with John Searl and witnessed his flying saucer technology.
rich he dia. That inventor mad as and
Welton later located the inventor in California, but he had Alzheimer's disease by then and couldn't
remember anything.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
63
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3628, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Also during this time, for employment on the side to help cover expenses, Welton worked in a
laundry designing the mechanical end of an automated system.
In 1984, Welton returned to working with COOP housing, starting with ten "slow" individuals who
around 100 solar panel systems during this time.
Then early in the 1990's he began to get involved in the patriot scene, helping people understand
some of the inherent problems with today's tax structure, and helping them protect their assets. He was
involved in Cleon Skousen's seminars with the National Center for Constitutional Studies. He learned
how to create corporate shells with strong layers of protection.
Also during this time he began traversing the country meeting inventors and reviewing their
inventions, to help tacilitate their progress toward the market.
I met Welton about two years ago, and it was actually his phone conversation with me that spurred
me to begin a "free energy" listing on my greater things website, which has grown into what it is today.
We have been close friends and business associates (www.perentech.com) during that whole time.
I know Welton to be one of the brightest minds around. You would never know he's past 70 to
speak with him on the phone. He remembers details of conversations and technologies better than I do, at
nearly half his age. I look at him as one of the "grandfathers" of the Free Energy movement. -- Sterling
D. Allan.
George Wiseman: Fuel Savers
George Wiseman is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Eagle-Research in Oroville,
Nashington (see www.eagle-research.com). George's research organization verifies, develops anc
listributes practical energy-saving methods and devices. Because he sells fuel-saving plans and devices
he of course is a target of suppression efforts that he describes in an email (copied below with deletions)
that is displayed in http://www.zpenergy.com/modules.php?name=News&file-article&sid=316.
Date: Fri, 18 Apr 2003
From: George Wiseman
Subject: Re: Re: Suppression
>> I realize that 90 percent of the 'physicists' in these groups are simply here to block progress, to
›> maintain the status quo ot disinto and cointel -- preserve the monopoly of western deception an‹
›> newspeak — to regurgitate the same NOTHING thev have been programming us with for ten decades
>
›Do you mean the same "NOTHING" that has made possible all of the following technology that
> conspiracy addicts like you take for granted?
Whoa there... The problems and perceptions here are extreme, yet both valid in context.
I don't want to spark a big discussion, for which I do not have time nor interest. But I just couldn't
resist putting in my 2 cents because I see innocence and ignorance being displayed.
There have obviously been major advances in some fields, like electronics and medical science.
Much worthwhile has been accomplished. But I submit that it has either been in spite of suppression or in
areas where suppression doesn't exist.
For example; computers wouldn't have been implemented to the public, bringing down their cost
ind fueling greater research if lone inventors hadn't developed both home computers and operatin
ystems that would have put IBM out of business. IBM was caught unprepared and did what they could tr
reestablish control of the new market.
Medical science is so dominated by 'vested interest' that they are trying to even label vitamins as
'drugs'. Cures for diseases are often ignored and even actively suppressed in favor of techniques that just
treat symptoms and incidentally make much more money.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
64
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3690, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In other fields we are still using technology virtually unchanged (with only cosmetic changes) for
over 100 vears. like internal combustion. This is a field in which I have some expertise and where I have
personally experienced suppression of several different kinds. I have given a few of the details in my
newsletters: http://www.eagle-research.com/newsletter/newsletter.html.
The electrical power grid, radio, robotics, and the basıs of much of the medical diagnostic was
invented and implemented by Nikola Tesla around the beginning of last century.
I can prove beyond a reasonable doubt that 'Vested Interest' does suppress technology that would
cause their
investments' to produce less income. Depending on the particular technology, such as fossil-
fuel consumption, vested interest could even be governments.
I have personally attended a meeting between industry and a trade school where the topic was what
I'm sorry to say that my experience is that this 'what to think' effect is spread throughout the
education system, including protessions such as physicist. Some are open-minded enough to actually
look at hair-brained 'alternative energy ideas and try to educate when they see an idea that won't work
Most of those that discover an idea that will work simply disappear. I haunt old bookstores because I find
them gold mines of intormation that has been eliminated from current teaching.
I have never had a legitimate customer complaint, yet my business has been investigated several
imes by various U.S. Government and 'public protection'
technology. I have had my own telephone company tell me that my telephone was taped. I have had the
post office 'lose' over $50,000 worth of customer orders. These harassments are only a few of the barrage
of suppression techniques that I live with everyday.
I could go on and on, easily getting labeled as a "conspiracy addict". Since I am an inventor in these
technologies and have felt the suppression in many ways, I believe I have the right, and perhaps
obligation, to tell people who live in comfortable niches that the suppression they are not directly feeling,
is in fact affecting their lives.
We all could be living very much higher standards of living if only technologies that already exist
were not suppressea. In the course of my alternatıve energy research, 1 recently developed a spin-off
technique, using technology invented in the 1800's, to inherently eliminate the phantom load' and
'inductive losses' experienced by most transformer applications. In a lot of cases, particularly in small
appliances, this would cut power consumption by over 50%. This single technique would save billions of
watts. I can't even imagine how much power it would have saved if it had been implemented from the
beginning of using AC electricity.
Anyone who thinks that suppression doesn't exist has simply not looked at the tacts. For example;
prov every ay that he are li any or he do work, boat the supera mention t i place
and 'self-propagated' by people who have no idea that they are part of the process. They are only
propagating what they were taught to believe.
I don't dwell on it, but suppression is very much a reality in my life. It is why I structure my
business as I do. I am a self-employed inventor and have been since 1984. I do not patent. I distribute full
facts on my developments directly to the public. I do not sell 'devices' that trigger the major suppression
this subject, is already lake obo notes of my it. me to composei mail not respond to discussion on
Thanks for reading.
George Wiseman
President, CEO of Eagle-Research
http://www.eagle-research.com
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
65
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3561, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tom Ogle: 100+ MPG Oglemobile
Tom Ogle's Oglemobile ran on fumes extracted from a heated tank in the trunk without a carburetor
see Us patent 4,177.779). The media witnessed a test of a 4.600-pound 1970 Ford Galaxie which was
Iriven 200 miles on less than two gallons of gasoline. Ogle predicted that an economy four-cylinde
engine would achieve 260 to 360 miles per gallon.
A Shell Oil Co. representative asked Ogle what he would do if someone offered him $25 million for
he system. Ogle responded "I would not be interested". He later said, "I've always wanted to be rich, anc
I suspect I will be when this system gets into distribution. But I'm not going to have my system bought ur
and put on the shelf...
he August 19// 1ssue of Argosv magazine which carried a tive-page article on the Uglemobile ha
lisappeared from many libraries and even the Library of Congress. Argosy even ceased publicatior
shortly after the article published. The El Paso NBC TV station that had filmed the test run "lost" the
Tom Ogle died in 1979. Two others connected to Ogle died mysteriously. One was mugged while
jogging with no cash. The other died while working for the military at a shooting range.
Charles N. Pogue: 200+ MPG Carburetor
In Jan. 3, 1935 Charles N. Pogue was issued a Canadian patent - 353,538 - for a High Mileage
Carburetor.
In Apr. 9, 1935 Charles N. Pogue was issued a US patent - 1,997,497 - for a High Mileage
Carburetor.
In Jan. 7, 1936 Charles N. Pogue was issued a US Patent - 2,026,798 - for his newer High Mileage
Carburetor. Pogue used the carburetor for about ten years on his car and produced about 200 carburetors
thru the Economy Carburetor Co. (Copies of the following three test reports plus a drawing of the Pogue
carburetor can be viewed at http://www.byronwine.com/files/1936%20Ford%2Otest.pdf.)
(he are is ram very way. Under 10 mile operatin was one soil than a standing ace of
In April 30, 1936 Ford Motor Company, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada tested the Pogue carburetor
and was at "a loss to understand" how the carburetor got "25.7 miles on one pint of gasoline"! (That's
approximately 205 mpg). Mr. W.J. Holmes and Mr. Purdy conducted the test for Ford Motor Company.
In Aug. 10, 1936 S. Stockhammer tested the Pogue carburetor on a 1934 Ford V-8 Coupe and go1
"I can say the performance was all anyone could desire in every shape of form."
n Dec. 12. 1936 Canadian Automotive Magazine states that the standard carburetor gets about 25 mpg a
only 9% efficiency. Therefore the Pogue carburetor is 72% efficient overall at 200 mpg.
Pogue had his shop broken into and carburetors stolen.
In 1953 CARS magazine stated that in the opening months of 1936, Pogue panicked the Toronto
stock exchange and threw fright into the major oil companies. Stock exchange offices and brokers were
swamped with orders to dump all oil stock immediately. This same article states that Winnipeg's largest
automobile dealers tested the Pogue carburetor and got results of up to 216.8 mpg!
In 1945, according to an unnamed source, carburetors marked "POGUE CARBURETOR, DO NOT
OPEN" were used on American Army tanks throughout WWII but were removed from circulation after
the war ended.
In 1980 Arthur C. Sgrignoll, atter 45 years, has built a legendary Pogue carburetor by hand and Is
said to have achieved an efficiency of 86%. Contact was made through his brother, William J. Sgrignoli.
In 1981 Ultra-Lean Carburetors of Northridge, CA, was selling a set of plans for the Pogue
carburetor for $50.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
66
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 527, "chars": 3362, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As of January 1981, Charles N. Pogue was still alive at age 81 and was living in a rest home in
Winnipeg, Canada. He refused to talk to anyone or to receive visitors from outside his own family.
On the other hand, according to http://www.snopes.com/autos/business/carburetor.asp, the Pogue
carburetor is an "urban legend"
'. Perhaps some university mechanical engineering students can be funded
to replicate the Pogue carburetor as a laboratory exercise and then measure its pertormance.
An email correspondent of Gary Vesperman wrote June 11, 2006 that, before he got involved with
an electronic mileage booster two years ago, he checked the Internet and both Consumers Union and the
Department of Energy lambasted all previous fuel optimizers. DOE listed about 75 of them they tested
and which did not really work.
Bruce McBurney, source. McBurney's site http://www.himacresearch.com/ has more on carburetors.)
The addition of lead to gasoline resulted in widespread permanent environmental pollution of
millions of pounds of poisonous, brain deadening lead. In 1967 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison
this writer, Gary Vesperman, took an introductory course in meteorology.
One lesson Professor Reid Bryson gave was based on a study he had conducted of the extent of lead
poisoning. I used his research results as the basis of a "letter to the editor" which was published in
I am not sure if I have the dimensions correct, but the numbers went like this: Residents of northern
Chicago had migrants of ted per cet or the at level of ed posing spremily telens
approximately 6 micrograms of lead per ce of blood
So in the Business Week letter to the editor I postulated that in another decade or so, rising levels of
lead in blood would result in greatly increased mortality rates among downtown Chicago people since
they evidently were already two-thirds dead.
ince i a scaled law ot minerd consequences he polin du lazard from cal guge laim
The platinum dust hazard from catalytic
converters is another awful example of this "law". Maybe it is time for me to once again try to rouse the
rabble?
Professor Bryson was an expert climatologist. He explained to our class the basics of global
warming due to the atmospheric increase in carbon dioxide - as also explained by Al Gore in his movie
sunlight reflecting off the ice crystals from jet engine exhaust which float high in the atmosphere for up to
six hours.
global warning, or gobal Bling? With an unforgettle sam look on his face had gone vene
said global cooling?!!
39 years later with vastly more data, global warming dominates the scientific consensus. Most
worrisome, in 2006 climatologists found a preponderance of positive global warming feedback loops
compared with pitifully few negative global warming feedback loops. (Source: "Our worst fears are
that global warming bin testly haglobal. Fores resear the sky teal Falling A Revicond Recent
Global Warming Scare Stories"
, Is a Cato Institute research study published August 23, 2006 by Patrick.
Michaels in http://www.cato.org/pubs/pas/pa576.pdf. http://www.cato.org/current/global-warming/has an
entertaining list of sarcastic titles of papers on global warming by Michaels. Is Michaels being paid to be
a disinformation hack for ExxonMobil rather than as an honest weather scientist?
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
67
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3606, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Cato Institute received $55,000 from ExxonMobil in 2002-2003. The George C. Marshall
Institute received $185,000 from ExxonMobil for "Climate Change Public Information and Policy
Research" in 2002-2003. The Tech Central Station Science Foundation received $95,000 from
ExxonMobil for "Climate Change Support" in 2003. Michaels is also employed by the George C.
Marshall Institute and the Tech Central Station Science Foundation. (Source:
http://www.environmentaldetense.org/article.cfm?contentid=3804&CFID=21084385&CFTOKEN=2988
8831.) Incidentally, Michaels earned his Ph.D. in ecological climatology from University of Wisconsin-
Madison in 1979.
The Union of Concerned Scientists lays the blame for at least some of the ongoing uncertainty
squarely on the shoulders of the world's largest publicly traded company - ExxonMobil. The scientific
group has documented that the oil company has
'"funneled nearly $16 million between 1998 and 2005 to a
network of 43 advocacy organizations that seek to confuse the public on global warming science"
Many of the organizations have overlapping staffs, board members and scientific advisers,
according 15o therm un, leasa. run dudly on mi asso hes arenated organiceans to loish
and republish the works of a small group of climate-change contrarians," the report states.
ExxonMobil has a lot at stake. A shitt toward cleaner forms of energy could greatly diminish its
revenue, which reached $339 billion in 2005. (Sources: January 6, 2007 Las Vegas Sun editorial and
http://www.ucsusa.org/assets/documents/global_warming/exxon_report.pdf.)
Allen Caggiano: 100+ MPG Fuel Implosion Vaporization System
INVENTOR'S HARDSHIPS —-- SUPPRESSION OR COINCIDENCE? YOU DECIDE!
IS US. PATENT # 5,782,225 BEING SUPPRESSED …...OR... ARE THE "HARDSHIPS" THAT THE
INVENTOR SUFFERED JUST "A COINCIDENCE".??????." YOU DECIDE !
In the early 1970, in Brockton, Ma, 1 owned and operated a company called Debal Heating and Air
Conditioning. This was about the time that we had that phony gasoline shortage. Each morning myselt
and 12 employees would sit in the gas line with 6 trucks to get a mere 5 gallons of gasoline. As I sat in
that gasoline line day after day, I started to think there must be a better way. If they have the technology
to put a man on the moon they must have the technology to get much better gas mileage.
times. Don't worry, all the bugs are worked out now.
October 15, 1983 was the birth of my Fuel Implosion Vaporization System. At this time I owned
and operated a company in Brockton Ma, called Weatherall Energy Research and Development. I had just
tinished building a commercial high-etticiency air conditioning evaporation coll when 1 poured one
gallon ot gasoline into one end to flush it out. To my surprise massive fumes discharged from the other
end, and all I got back was less than one cup of gasoline.
It wasn't long before 1 got a call from a California corporation wanting exclusive rights to our
invention. My attorney checked them out. They were a subsidiary of several other corporations and finally
all owned by an oil company. I declined their offer. Shortly thereafter all my troubles started.
tested my sony and told him a lapored, My story tomed he at wast in any vilion or
any federal laws.
If I was smart I should have stopped here. (BUT I AM NOT TOO SMART). For the next two
weeks I would receive every day in the mail, in a plain envelope, 8"x 10" close-up photos of my wife in
the supermarket, church, and my children getting on and off the school bus and in the playground at
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
68
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 685, "chars": 4134, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
school. (Just pictures only.) In addition we would get all kinds of weird calls mostly atter 2 a.m. My wite
couldn't take it anymore; she filed for divorce and left me.
A few days later my attorney showed up at my office, looking white as a ghost. He had all my legal
files and records with him, placed them on my desk and said that he could no longer represent me in any
legal matters. I asked why. All he would say is: "WAKE UP!". I could not understand. He had been my
personal friend and attorney for over 16 years.
When my wite divorced me and my attorney abandoned me, I wondered what else could happen.
Nothing, I thought, nobody can stop me now, so on with my fuel implosion system. Boy was 1 wrong: hell
opened up and swallowed me alive.
I am a very light drinker; if I drink 6 cans of beer a year, that was a lot. I never did drugs or was
around anybody that did. On July 4, 1986 the chief of the Brockton Police, Richard Sprawls, with a bunch
of other Brockton police raided my Tremont St. Brockton home, and arrested me for tratficking of
cocaine. My bail was set at $500,000.
I was lucky that I had a friend, LT. Jim Sullivan of the Brockton Police Department. He showed up
at my bail hearing and said something to the judge, and my bail was reduced to $500.00. Is somebody
trying to tell me something?
Oh well, back to work; I built two more fuel implosion systems. I installed them in a 1973 Olds
Cutlass and 1966 Mustang. I painted my 1973 Dodge station wagon bright yellow, with big red letters all
over it saying: "THIS CAR GETS OVER 100 MPG AND DOEŚN'T POLLUTE THE AIR THE BIC
BOYS ARE TRYING TO MAKE ME AND THIS CAR DISAPPEAR, -HELP ME! " I only got to drive
my yellow wagon for 3 days.
On November 24,1986 Brockton chief of police, Richard Sprawls, and other members of the
Brockton Police Department raided my Tremont St. Brockton home. They seized two shotguns, a 12-
gauge and a 20-gauge, both of which were legally registered to me. I used to use them for skeet shooting
1 was arrested and charged with tor tratticking of cocaine again. My ball was revoked. I was placed
in maximum security in the Plymouth House of Correction. I was now sentenced to 15 years for the July
1986 trafficking of cocaine and waiting for the second trial for the November case.
knew where I could get some solid evidence that would clear me, but I didn't know who to trus
ANYMORE. So, I escaped from maximum security, went and got my solid evidence and gave it to the
right person and surrendered the same day.
Boy 1 was lucky, they had over 240 law entorcement otters searching tor me with guns, dogs,
helicopters etc. I ran like a jackrabbit through the woods. My advantage was, the woods were my old
hunting grounds.
Two days later Brockton's chief of police was arrested for STEALING COCAINE FROM THE
POLICE EVIDENCE LOCKER. HE WAS SENTENCED TO TWO YEARS IN PRISON.
REMEMBER THE COCAINE THAT CHIEF RICHARD SPRAWLS SAID HE FOUND AT MY
HOME IN JULY AND NOVEMBER 1986? NOW I KNOW WHERE IT CAME FROM, THE POLICE
EVIDENCE LOCKER, AND IT FELL OUT OF CHIEF SPRAWL'S POCKET ONTO THE FLOOR IN
MY HOME WHERE ANOTHER BROCKTON POLICE OFFICER FOUND IT.
Well, the Massachusetts Supreme Court of Appeals overturned my cocaine trafficking conviction.
Grounds: tainted evidence, illegal search and seizure.
FREEDOM AND HOME, HERE I COME! WRONG AGAIN! HERE COMES THE FEDS. THEY
HAD A WARRANT FOR MY ARREST FOR VIOLATING A NEW GUN LAW THAT WAS PASSED
ON NOVEMBER 24,1986. THAȚ WAS JUST 10 DAYS AFTER MY ARREST OF November 14,1986.
Remember the Brockton police seized my two shotguns?
ruess what! I had the privilege of being the first person in Massachusetts and the third person 1l
ne United States to be tried, prosecuted and sentenced under this new law 18 USC 922g and 924e. I didn'
stand a chance; there was no case law in the law books to support my defense of this new law.
• was sentenced to two 5 years' sentences for perjury, because when I bought the two shotguns there was
›ox that said: were vou ever convicted of a felony. l
checked the no box, because I was never convicted of
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 2997, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Well, the feds said under federal law my misdemeanor was a felony, therefore, I was guilty of 2
counts of perjury and they gave me 5 years on each count.
found not guilty.
Well, it went like this:
1: I was convicted as a felon in possession of a firearm.
2: I was convicted of perjury.
3: I was convicted of a second count of perjury.
BINGO! I HIT THE JACK POT!!
USC 18922g-e1 states: If you have 3 prior felony convictions and have possession of a fire arm,
(he any arEa are an eat any mor rote wing red mplosion systemave me
WRONG, WRONG, WRONG:
I met a lot of powerful people in the federal prison, with powerful connections on the outside,
among them, Kenny whose son was a patent attorney for a large patent law firm who did our Us patent.
#5,782,225, while I sat in the safety of the federal prison system.
Remember the Feds sentenced me to 30 years without parole??? Well, on September 13, 1997
(Friday the 13th, my lucky day) I was released from federal prison with 5 years parole.
› TOP! Something's wrong here. I only did 10 years of a 30-year sentence, with no chance oi parole
Vell it took the federal courts to rule that it was legal for me to possess the two shotguns, that they had no
This September 2001 will be 4 years that I have been out of federal prison and have been a good
boy, nice and quiet, until now.
My Intentions: In the past 20 years I found out that the oil companies will do EVERYTHING in
heir power to suppress this kind of technology, because it could reduce the gasoline consumption in the
J.S. by 76% over a 5-vear term.
The government will lose mega bucks in gasoline taxes.
The major car manufacturers will lose billions spent on the technology of the fuel injection systems,
my technology makes theirs obsolete.
I put all my patent and shop drawings up on this website, for anybody to use it free. I am 58 1/2
grave with me. If the sand is running out of my hour glass fasi. I don't want in take this technology to my
you think that I should get something out of this, then build my fuel implosion system,
and after your 5th tank of gas send me the price of a tank of gas; otherwise I don't want a cent.
If you believe that me and my patent and technology have been suppressed, then tell as many
people as you can about my story and ask them to do the same.
The Reason I Ask This Is: 1 believe that millions of people around the globe want this kind of
technology and know it exists. When we get enough people wanting this technology, I have powerful
attorneys, who know and are able to present it to the courts of the globe.
I will take my remaining 7 cars, that have my fuel implosion system in them, out of exile and drive
them from Boston to California with the whole world watching, and I think my chances of reaching
California alive are excellent.
By my publishing this website, I must be out of my mind. What else could happen to me? MAYBE
I will get killed or something. What will be will be.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
70
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 3868, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Thank you for your interest. Please help me spread the word. And for those of you that think that
my story is just a bunch of bad luck for an unlucky inventor, you will be of those who oppose this type of
technology. So go to my home page and VOTE NO for this technology.
Sincerely,
Allen Caggiano, Inventor
http://www.get113to138mpg.com/
P.S.: As much as 1 would like you to build my Fuel Implosion Vaporization System and succeed, I
MUST URGE you NOT to build it without QUALIFIED and PROFESSIONAL help, if you are not a
qualitied machinist or mechanic yourself. This is NOT a simple D.I.Y project and working with
(vaporized) fuel is dangerous!
(The electric auto magazine Electrifying Times (www.electrifyingtimes.com) has published a much
longer article on Caggiano and his FIVS in its spring-summer 2006 issue Vol. 10 No. 1. By the way, that
particular issue happens to focus on suppressed energy inventions.)
(The following is a subsequent report on Caggiano's on-going suppression troubles.
I just want to inform you as to Allen Caggiano situation. He had the web site
www.get113to138mpg.com. He recently was trying to bring out a product. He had a few problems anc
then disappeared. From what I have been told Allen had been in a hospital recuperating from surgery. He
went in to have a CAT scan and woke up a month later without the use of his legs. He said he died twice
but came back. He was in a coma most of the month. While recuperating and watching TV one afternoon
he saw a SWAT team raiding his apartment seizing his computers, notes, tools and car. The postal service
is also investigating because he failed to deliver products. He said there were pressure crack problems. He
could not ship and thought things would be redone in time. But just too many things went against him.
Even though things look bad for him I still believe he is trying to get this out doing the best he can. I and
some others have checked out his stories and had them confirmed. He does have a valid patent for fivs 2
1d. He was tramed in his tirst arrest, and the police chiet was dirty. It he were a con artist smart enough te
pull this off, he certainly would not be around trying to do what he is doing still. He would be in another
country spending the money with another name and ID. For that matter who would use their family name
with so many ties and some of the different weird stories have been independently confirmed. His web
site is down and I wonder what will come of him. Best way to suppress something is to make it look like a
American patents and the time ran out. We put out his information research and AutoCAD drawings in a
CD format - over 500 pages $39.95 money back it not satisfied. Allen is not the first to get hassled over
this. We can only hope he is the last and this information finally surfaces to completion. I only know
Allen from phone conversations and the feed back from those who know me. I have not witnessed a
verifiable mileage run from him. When I know more it will be posted. (Source:
http://www.himacresearch.com/links.html.)
(Erik Masen provides an update in his "Suppression of Quantum Leap Inventors" Electrifying Times,
2007, Vol. 10, No. 2)
Recently in our last issue we did a feature story on Allen Caggiano "High Mileage Dreams". Allen
had spent a good share of his life developing and selling versions of his high-mileage fuel devices. This
feature story covered his many near death experiences by groups who did not want to see his technology
William Bolon: Automobile Steam Engine
William Bolon, Rialto, California, developed an unusual steam engine design in 1971 that was said
to get up to 3U miles to the gallon. The engine used only 17 moving parts and weighed less than 50
ignored so the inventor tinally gave up and let Indonesian interests have the design.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
71
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3828, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shell Oil Company: Achieves 376.59 MPG with a Modified 1959 Opel in 1973
Shell Oil Company wrote "Fuel Economy of the Gasoline Engine" (ISBN 0-470-99132-1); it was
published by John Wiley & Sons, New York, in 1977. On page 42 Shell Oil quotes the President of
General Motors who in 1929 predicted 80 MPG by 1939. Between pages 221 (see
http://www.byronwine.com/files/Shel1%20P221.pdf) and 223 (see
http://www.byronwine.com/files/Shell%20P222.pdf) Shell writes of their achievements: 49.73 MPG
around 1939; 149.95 MPG with a 1947 Studebaker in 1949; 244.35 MPG with a 1959 Fiat 600 in 1968;
376.59 MPG with a modified 1959 Opel in 1973 (photos of these three cars are shown on page 223).
The Library of Congress, in September 1990, did not have a copy of this book. It was missing from
their files, of course. [They had it — since it is legally required to have at least one copy of all such
ublications in the U.S. However, it seems to have been stolen or hidden. Byron Wine bought a copy
om Maryland Book Exchange around 1980 after a professor informed him that it was used as ar
engineering text at the University of West Virginia.
The modified 376.59 MPG 1959 Opel is now owned by an Alabama antique car restoration
company (see http://www.race-cardrivers.com/shop.htm).
Honda: 60 MPG 1992-1994 Honda Civic VX
The U.S. Government, pressured by major US oll and automobile companies, eventually denied
import of the 60 MPG 1992-1994 Honda Civic VA. V. stands for variable valve timing which can greatly
increase a motor's efficiency. (Erik Masen,
"Suppression of Quantum Leap Inventors
", Electrifying
Times, 2007, Vol. 10, No. 2)
IPMS-Chernovitsky: Super Ceramics
The I.N. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials Science (I.P.M.S.) is one of more than 70
institutes founded by the government of the Soviet Union during the decade following World War II. Its
mission was very simple: the scientists forcibly relocated from post-war Europe and enslaved at the
Institute were commissioned to learn everything there is to know about the material world. They were not
asked, indeed, they were not permitted, to make any decisions about how their discoveries were to be
applied. In fact, from the outset and during all of the ensuing 40 years, there was not a single applications
engineer among the 6,600 scientists who worked in the Institute.
he peculiar set of circumstances which provided the essential breeding ground tor th
xtraordinary discoveries spawned by the Institute was not reserved just to I.P.M.S. The centr
government of U.S.S.K. Jealously guarded its absolute right to make all decisions about what was done
with the discoveries created in all the institutes. It is not surprising, therefore, that a system of government
so paranoid about anyone stealing a pair of shoes that it manufactured lett boots in Moscow and right
boots in Kiev, would totally fail to recognize or effectively apply the benefits of some startlingly new
sciences to clothe, house and feed its own people.
In fact, it was precisely because the Institute was forced to operate in a purely theoretical
nearly 50 years in the singular pursuit of pure research that the sciences developed at I.P.M.S. are so
fundamentally unique.
It is interesting to note that only a small part of the new sciences developed at the Institute was
revealed to or known by the government of the former Soviet Union prior to its collapse in August, 1991.
The antıpathy of the Institute s scientists to the USSR government's shabby treatment led them te
uccessfully hide nearly all of their often revolutionary research results.
One of the Institute's four sites, IPMS-Chernovitsky, developed moldable, machine-able, ultra-high
temperature, super-hard, and strategic metal-alloyed ceramic substances.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
72
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 631, "chars": 4271, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The unitormity and density of ceramic materials is what determines the quality, consistency anc
persistence of the resonant tone produced by an oscillating crystalline material. Research has created a
whole new family of moldable, machine-able, ultra-high temperature, super-hard and strategic metal-
alloyed ceramics capable of withstanding operating temperatures of 1200 degrees centigrade. This is more
than 400 degrees centigrade higher than can be tolerated by other known ceramic materials commercially
available anywhere else in the world, including those manufactured by Allied Signal Corporation and
Kyocera.
These materials are being utilized in entirely ceramic internal combustion engines, high-speed
urbines and self-lubricating bearing surtaces. The latest ceramic materials designed for use in high-speec
400 degrees centigrade higher than the theoretical limit allowed by the quantum mechanics model relied
on in the West.
The ceramics produced at the IPMS-Chernovitsky plant have been made harder by fully one factor
t hardness than the hardest alloyed metal machine tools currently produced by any other known means oi
nanufacture. They have been made harder by at least one full order of magnitude than either natural or
synthetically produced diamonds. Practical applications include drilling and mining, grinding tools,
down-hole equipment, tool inserts and the new generation of cubic boron nitride tools that are currently in
use.
Proof positive of the extraordinary uniformity and density of these materials is easily verified by a
simple demonstration if the measurement of softening temperatures is deemed insufficient. Ceramic
pistons manufactured for use in ceramic diesel engines will, when struck by a hard object, produce a clear
resonant tone which persists for more than seventeen seconds. This is at least eight seconds longer than
the resonant persistence produced by the finest glass or crystal ever manufactured.
Joint ventures of the IPMS with more than a dozen private sector companies to develop inventions
have been repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's Defense Intelligence Agency and others
Edition, 2007)
HoN, 207) G. Yah, The Anthrops files: Tales a Santum Physics from Another World -3
Stefan Marinov: Magnetic Vortex Hyper-Ionization Device
At his death Dr. Stetan Marinov was Assistant Protessor of Physics at Sotia University, a member
of the Physical Institute of the Bulgarian Academy of Science, and the editor of Deutsche Physik. One
energy device he was developing was an over-unity magnetic motor.
http://www.spiritofmaat.com/archive/mar2/bearden.htm discloses the strange circumstances of
Marinov's death.
(The excerpt below, with editing, is from Vencislav Bujic's report published January 14, 2002.)
Stefan Marinov was working on his magnetic vortex hyper-ionization device just one month before
his sudden, unexpected death. There is high chance that his death was connected to the testing of this
device, and that it was not a "suicide" as officially stated. Marinov was a good Christian and nobody
expected him to commit suicide.
According to official news he presumably jumped off from the top of the four-level outside
mergency staircase of the Biblotheque in Graz, Austria. But nobody actually saw him jumping oft. He
was still alive, not even bleeding, when an ambulance and police arrived. Marinov died on the way to
hospital.
'he police never notified anybody, including his son in Bulgaria. They sealed his apartment, not
letting anybody inside, and also retused to release any letters found there, and retused to give any
information.
Stefan Marinov was born in Bulgaria. When he got a passport, he moved to Washington. Secret
agencies and their 'elite' bosses, who control sources of energy and are confusing people, wouldn't let
Marinov alone when he went back to Europe, this time to Italy and Austria. These are the same people
who prevented Tesla and many others from giving to all the people sources of free energy. His life was
ended abruptly. He had big plans for the future and was making various future collaborations. Marinov
had planned to attend the International Physics Conference in Koln, Germany, on 25th of August 1997.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
73
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 181, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
He even had made hotel reservations for the conference for him and his colleague Professor P.T. Pappas
from Athens, Greece.

Energy Invention Suppression Cases 74 September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3262, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bob Aldrich (Reporter): Vibrating Energy Source
Message 414
DATE/TIME: 05/24/93 01:47
From
: BOB ALDRICH
- RECEIVED -
To
: JERRY DECKER (SYSOP)
Subject: (R) Bearden's Latest
Folder: A, "Public Mail"
Hi Jerry,
By lamentations 1 mean lamenting on how ditticult it's been to get tree energy made available to the
people at large. How many people have tried to make it possible over the years! Must have beer
housands. Who has succeeded?
Say, did you ever hear of a device that farmers were using possibly fifty years ago that worked on
vibration? Apparently some very simple device that when set to vibrating, would put out ample tree
energy. Chicken farmers and such were building them and using them to power the ranch.
Until some one or two farms mysteriously blew up or burned to the ground, after some warnings.
This was in the Midwest to my recollection. The fellow who told me did mention specifics but it was
several years ago. He was very hard to pin down as he was always onto the latest thing and didn't want to
talk about things in the past much.
Later,
Bob
Dennis Lee: Freon-Based Low-Temperature Phase-Change Engine
Dennis Lee during the mid-1980's developed a freon-based low-temperature phase-change engine
similar to Bob Stewart's heat engine. The father of the Boeing 747 and other highly qualified people
helped Dennis perfect his engine. A small plant was established in Seattle to produce and sell a
commercial home-scale electrical generator. A Seattle area power company (the same one which became
infamous for its failed WHOOPS nuclear power plants) campaigned to shut down the plant.
Dennis Lee was forced to move his company to Southern California to start over. He was
subsequently imprisoned on a false charge for two years. His book "The Alternative" documents the
falsity of the charge. The main point being a two-year imprisonment on a charge using an obscure law
never used against anyone else in the state for either fine or imprisonment and during which a million
dollar bond was demanded by the judge, similar to bail charges issued against murders and violent
criminals, not inventors or even petty thieves.
Robert Stewart: Stewart Cycle Heat Engine
Bob Stewart spent $3,000,000 (mostly from farmers) developing patents on his "Stewart Cycle"
engines for transportation vehicles and large-scale water lifters for canals during the late 1970's. His
efficient and pollution-free engines use ambient heat to expand a working fluid such as ammonia and
move pistons through sealed cylinders. He claimed that his low-temperature phase-change engine is more
efficient and powerful than Dennis Lee's version.
Twice he built a factory, first in Coeur d-Alene, Idaho, and then in Deming, New Mexico, to make
available for sale such valuable and beneficial technology. Both times, the factories were raided and shut
down by the U.S. Government's Securities and Exchange Commission.
Through the Las Vegas area grapevine, Stewart fortunately in time heard that a contract on his life
was in effect and had to go into hiding for nearly a year
Jim Powell (Reporter): Flywheel/Dual Hydraulic Cylinder
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2006
Subject: Great Information!
To: garyvesperman@yahoo.com
Hi Gary,
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
75
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3307, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A friend just forwarded your 25-page e-article entitled History of 'New Energy' Invention
Suppression Cases, and I enjoyed the reading. Amazing stuff!
There was one machine (for lack of a better term) I saw back in the mid-seventies that has haunted
the back of my mind ever since, and I looked for a mention of it in your article. The article hints you have
much more information and files elsewhere. Thought I would share with you what I recollect in case you
already know about the contraption I witnessed.
During the mid-seventies I was a long-haul trucker and met an older man at a truck stop in
Tennessee. Over cups of coffee we were talking about motors and diesel and mechanical things in
general when he mentioned a buddy of his had invented a "perpetual motion machine" that he thought
was pretty interesting.
Tasked where it was and could I see it. He said the guy didn't live too far from where we were
sitting but 1 would never be able to get my rig up the mountain. He offered to give me a ride. He was
right. This buddy lived back in the hills and in Tennessee that can mean a mouthtul. Good thing his truck
was four wheel drive.
When we got there, his buddy was rather evasive about the whole thing which really puzzled the
guy that brought me up there. So he kept asking and pushing for a demo and finally the inventor told us
the day before some guys had visited and took a part or two and told him to not fix it or they would be
Bu because his trend vas with me it was dien
he wotan have told me anything or stoved me
brief explanation of how the parts fit together and how it worked. I am sorry for your sake that I haven't
you want to vas my malf a k. Lare & how ach
description went:
Flywheels by their character tend to develop power once they are in motion and can generate more
power while spinning than they consume to keep spinning. Sounds interesting but I am no physics wizard.
So he had rigged a big flywheel between two double-acting hydraulic cylinders with the appropriate
switches triggered by the rams to keep the two cylinders reciprocating as long as there was a steady
supply of hydraulic oil pressure. The hydraulic oil pressure came from what looked like a modest-sized
power-steering pump which was driven by the flywheel.
To start the whole thing in motion he had a small electric motor to help start spinning the tlywheel.
Once it got up to a certain RPM the electric motor was disengaged and shutdown.
They both told me how he had been using it for various power needs around the farm from pumping
water to cutting wood for over a year. When someone told him he should seek a patent for his machine, he
followed that advice. Instead of getting a patent, he got the visit the day before I arrived.
years.
Perhaps you have heard of these things and can comment on whether it was bunk or not. You may
even have the scientitic knowledge to instantly recognize its possibility or improbability. Anyway, after
reading your article I thought I would pass this along for what it is worth.
Best Regards,
Jim Powell
This writer, Gary Vesperman, does not know of any similar device in the unconventional science
literature. Perhaps one of my genius scientist friends can figure out this energy invention. Gosh, do the
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
76
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 223, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
energy invention suppression bullies even track down energy inventors in remote hillbilly country, take
away or damage their machines, and threaten them with death”?

Energy Invention Suppression Cases 77 September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 649, "chars": 4302, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Christopher Bird/Walter (Reporter): Energy Suppression - An Invisible Galaxy of Inventions
http://www.spiritofmaat.com/archive/feb2/bird.htm and
http://www.befreetech.com/energysuppression.htm both list 48 energy inventions - nearly all of which
are suppressed or at least not being commercially made and sold.
IPMS: Micro-Channels and Filters
Thẹ I.N. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials Science (IPMS) was established in Kiev,
Ukraine in 1951. Between 1945 and 1955, the government of the Soviet Union created at least 72 self-
contained, completely isolated scientific communities like the IPMS scattered all over the most desolate
arts of the Soviet empire. Stalin systematically established more than 360 such enclaves as a matter oi
olicv. He deliberatelv prevented the scientists and their families from co-mingling with the rest of Sovie
society or corresponding with the West. This phenomenon of cultural isolation was typical of life in the
U.S.S.R. after World War II.
Many of the key scientists who were forcibly expatriated by the Red Army under Stalin's orders
na relocatea to work in the Institute had been captured by the soviet armies during the occupation an
nnexation of Eastern Europe at the end of World War II. Only a handful of them succeeded in escabin
to the West. Those who tried to escape were almost always captured and executed. In some cases, their
tamilies were sent to languish and die in the Gulags.
Many of the original team of scientists sequestered in L'vov, the entrance to the Institute, had been
contemporaries, co-workers and close personal Iriends with many of the most prominent physicists anc
ther scientists who emigrated to the United States before. during and after World War II
During World War II in Europe, and afterwards in Stalin's Soviet Union, the original Directors of
the Institute experienced the horrors of developing technology for destructive military use. For more than
40 years, scientists at IPMS (and, no doubt, at some of the other Soviet institutes) elected to keep secret as
many of their key discoveries as possible until a time when their genius could be constructively applied to
solving the global materials, energy consumption and industrial manufacturing issues which are
responsible for the current deplorable state of the environment.
Among the original group of scientists relocated to work in the Institute were some who were part
of the German team which worked during World War II to develop fissionable nuclear materials,
synthetic fuels and foods, and other technological advances for the Third Reich. Information regarding the
advanced nature of some of the work they participated in has only recently been declassified and released
to the public. Some of the formulas and technologies they developed were absolutely revolutionary and
many have never been replicated in the post-war world
Among recently declassified files is a set of documents which describes the development of infra-
red, heat-seeking "smart bombs" which were so effective that a single bomb, dropped by a single Nazi
bomber in a night attack in the North Atlantic in 1942, sank a British troop ship carrying more than 3,000
American troops. The bomb recognized and guided itself down the troop ship's smoke stack in much the
same way similar devices were observed to function during Operation Desert Storm, nearly 50 years later.
The technology which made this device functional was so far advanced beyond anything available to the
Many of the materials, processes, technologies and applications produced by the Institute are so
unique that in some cases there are literally no words in the languages of the Western industrialized
nations to describe them.
IPMS has produced a family of micro-channel and filter materials with uniformly controllable
orifices as small as .5 micron from combinations of carbon-fiber, basalt, ceramic and strategic metals -
including stainless steel, scandium and chromium. These materials demonstrate a consistency of orifices
fully a factor of ten times smaller and more consistent than the smallest ever manufactured in the U.S.
back into the well for re-pressurization, with the pumps then being operated directly on virtually pure
hydrogen fuel.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
78
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4708, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The scientists, academicians and others at the Institute who developed revolutionary new models of
quantum mechanics, quantum physics and the manufacturing processes and techniques which resulted in
these materials, refused as a matter of conscience to allow much of what they had developed to pass into
the hands of the KGB and the Soviet military.
Joint ventures of the IPMS with more than a dozen private sector companies to develop these usetul
inventions have been repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's Detense Intelligence Agency anc
thers. (Source: David G. Yurth, The Anthropos Files: Tales of Quantum Physics from Another World -
2" Edition, 2007)
Viktor Schauberger: Jet-Turbine
During the 1920's Viktor Schauberger designed a novel hydroelectric generator for which he
received Austrian Patent No. 117,749 Jet-Turbine on May 10, 1930. It seems that Schauberger actually
used a small turbine of this design in a stream of water near the forest wardens' building during those
years, but no reliable records are available. An English-language version of his patent is available at
ttp://www.rexresearch.com/schaub/schaub.htm#117749.
Schauberger's jet-turbine does not require the use of a dam. Instead, the water to power it is
contained in a vertically oriented large-alameter cylinder, ten teet or more in height. Due to the torce ol
gravity and the elastic modulus (fluid dynamics) of water, a very large amount of potential energy in the
storage vessel is converted to kinetic energy as the water is released into the oscillator (impeller). A pump
is used to pump the water exiting the turbine back to the storage vessel.
The jet-turbine was estimated to produce 9 times more power for a given water flow than with a
conventionally designed water turbine. The design also did not force water through immense pressure and
heat which destroy the structure of water.
The water-vortex (jet of water) is produced inside a ribbed copper-cone, by the conical-plus-ribbed
shape and gravity, and the resulting water-Jet is rolled into the copper-impeller, which turns the generator,
producing energy in a silent, effective way. The conical impeller has two or more intertwining spiral
grooves incorporated in its outer surface, into which the water emerging from the nozzle is entrained, in
order to rotate the shaft of an electrical generator. This method does not require a great deal of water, like
conventional water-dam methods, and is absolutely silent.
In practice, only a small fraction of the output energy is required to power the pump, thus making
this device a true free energy system. Ideally, the storage vessel should be egg shaped, with the outlet to
the oscillating valve possessing the configuration of a long hyperbolic parabola. This outlet configuration
will induce a longitudinal vortical motion to the water prior to its flow through the oscillator, thus cooling
and densifying the water. The return pipe from the turbine should enter the storage vessel tangentially, in
order to assist in the formation of a vortical flow.
In 1986 a group of enthusiasts living around the township of Schladming, who were interested in
the practical application of Viktor Schauberger's ideas and Walter Schauberger's mathematics, decided to
comprised ork. Harasier I. errer, H. Shrempt, A. Schwab, T. From bre M. Danger, Vp"
Knaus, and H. Mayer.
On the property of one of their members living on the Birnberg, they had carefully constructed the
combinațion of egg and hyperbolic cone, which was sourced from a nearby brook. Water from the stream
was fed into the upper part of the egg tangentially, thereby providing the initial impulse for the creation of
a vortex. The electricity generator to be attached to the jet-turbine was being specially manufactured.
Austrian authorities then told the Schaldming Group to stop their work before experiments were
completed, using the excuse that they did not want to see these devices popping up all over the
countryside.
Successful or not, what this replication of Schauberger's jet-turbine does show is that small groups
to re-esta list their nether done from letalie po the and control over their ipes. The problem mach
confronts us all, alas, is that it is the centralized electricity authorities who write the rules which ensure as
far as possible that no one can escape the power grid. The greater the number of people who are willing to
challenge this central control over their independence, the more difficult it will become for those to
continue holding such power over us. (Sources: http://peswiki.com/energy/Directory:Suppression and
http://peswiki.com/index.php/OS:Jet-Turbine)
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
79
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 4416, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Canadian Scientist: Standalone Water-Based Electricity Generator
Jeane Manning authored The Coming Energy Revolution and also has co-authored suppressed
Inventions & Other Discoveries (an anthology put together by Jonathan Eisen). She has heard numerous
stories of suppression during twenty-five years of investigating non-conventional energy inventions. Her
website 1s http://www.changingpower.net. New Energy Congress member Leslie R. Pastor's review of
Eisen's anthology: "The book is breathtaking in its openness regarding actual suppression of 'real-time'
inventors and innovators.
One story she told Gary Vesperman is about a Canadian scientist. In October of 1999, Manning met
him through a mutual friend. According to her notes, he had invented an energy device which was the size
of a refrigerator when he ran his home on its electrical output. He wouldn't reveal how it worked, except
that it involved sound frequencies, copper plates, water, a transformer and a battery and could be built the
size of a Walkman. (Vesperman: This device appears to be similar to the super-efficient water
electrolysis devices developed by Daniel Dingel,
, Ken Rasmussen, and Stanley Meyer (see above). Notice
hat it offers the desirable feature of being scaleable from very small to at least big enough to run a house
off the power grid. It also functions as a standalone generator, not as a less desirable over-unity power
converter.)
His mistake had been in being confrontational. He called officials at Ontario's hydro-electric utility
and told them to take their meter off of his house. When they arrived and cut off his power, he went down
into his basement. While the otticials stood out in his yard, the lights inside his house went on again. He
came outside and bragged, "I'll put you out of business in six months!" Soon he was visited by men
wearing Royal Canadian Mounted Police uniforms who gave him warnings and a document. He later
showed the document to his son, a lawyer, who reinforced the message — keep your mouth shut. He
dismantled his inventions.
He told Manning that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police basically told him to forget about his
invention for thirty years. Twenty-six of those years had passed. He said the police kept an eye on his
activities throughout the years. For instance, they interrogated him atter an innocent business meeting in
California which had nothing to do with the invention.
This German-Canadian scientist joined the many inventors who took their energy secrets to the
grave. He was elderly, and Manning believes he died from natural causes.
Brazil: Ethanol Produced from Sugar Cane
Ethanol, produced from fermenting starch-based corn or sugar, is increasingly being blended with
gasoline. Prices for ethanol in the United States recently hit an all-time high at over $3 a gallon. To
impede competition trom ethanol, the oil companies have arranged for the United States to impose a
100% (currently $0.54 per gallon) taritt on ethanol imports, which keeps prices for the alternatıve tue.
artificially high. Brazil, which recently became energy self-sufficient in 2006, is the world's larges
producer of sugar-based ethanol and would benetit greatly trom a taritt reduction in the United States.
Apparently it is cheaper and more energy etticient to produce ethanol from sugar cane than corn.
Naturally, Brazilian rainforest preservation advocates likely would argue for running engines on water
instead or some other more environmentally benign energy source.
Eric Fry and Kevin Kerr reported July 17, 2007 in Rude Awakening (www.agorafinancial.com) that
thanol production now consumes one quarter ot the entire American corn crop, boosting the prices oi
orn and numerous corn-based products such as pork. But ethanol production consumes about as muct
energy as it delivers...it not more. American corn-based ethanol production relies on large government
subsidies as well as huge amounts of fertilizer and fuel. Ethanol also requires prodigious amounts of water
from the rapidly shrinking Ogallala Aquifer.
To cash in on the new corn boom, many farmers are continuously planting corn instead of rotating
corn with soybean plants. Rotation serves several ecological and agronomic purposes. It makes it more
difficult for diseases, weeds and insect pests to persist. The right rotation also builds soil fertility.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
80
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 365, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
y the way, the taritt on imported 01l is 0%. External versus internal cost accounting analysıs, witl
ts corollary - the thousand-vear cost. indicates that it would be fairer and make more sense to encouragt
conservation and to raise money for protecting Middle East oil sources with a tariff on imported oil.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
81
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 4474, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
David Crockett Williams (Reporter): Non-Drug Industrial Hemp as Bio-Fuel
Non-drug industrial hemp is not hallucinogenic marıjuana although both are varieties of the same
species (Cannabis sativa). Hemp provides a surprising variety of products. More than any other plant on
Earth, hemp holds the promise of a sustainable ecology and economy.
Hemp seed is the most complete single food source for human nutrition. Because one acre of hemp
roduces as much cellulose fiber pulp as 4.1 acres of trees, hemp is the perfect material to replace trees
quality and durabi particle board and for concrete construction molds. Hemp made into paper is of higher
y and also is less environmentally damagıng to make than paper trom wood pulp. For
centuries hemp has been processed into high-quality fabrics, sails, ropes, diapers, etc.
Additionally, hemp grown for biomass could fuel a trillion-dollar per year energy industry, while
mproving air quality and distributing the wealth to rural areas and their surrounding communities, anc
away from centralized power monopolies. Remarkably, when considered on a planet-wide, climate-wide,
soil-wide basis, hemp is at least four and possibly many more times richer in sustainable, renewable
biomass/cellulose potential than its nearest rivals on the planet - cornstalks, sugarcane, kenaf trees, etc.
For a comprehensive reference read Robert A. Nelson's thoroughly researched Hemp Husbandry,
available free online at www.rexresearch.com. The book that started the hemp revolution,
"The Emperor
Wears No Clothes"
, has sold more than 600,000 copies to date (to order see
http://www.jackherer.com/hemporium.html). Also see http://votehemp.com and
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/hemp-reform-act.
Hemp as a bio-fuel poses a possibly insurmountable competitive threat to the fossil fuel companies.
Since the days of the American revolution, the U.S. Government proactively encouraged growing of
hemp. In order to reverse the U.S. Government's policy and to suppress hemp production, certain large
banks and fossil fuel companies eventually were able to fool and stampede the US Congress into
legislating a national ban on marijuana (and hemp) in 1937.
The US is the only major industrial nation to prohibit the growing of non-drug industrial hemp.
In spite of increased production and utilization of hemp grown in other countries, and increasing!]
strident pleas by state legislatures, hemp-related businesses, etc to legalize non-drug industrial hemp, the
Bush Administration through the US Food and Drug Administration, working on behalf of the energy
cartels and their associated banks, still maintains with an iron grip a fraudulent suppression of hemp
disguised as a "war on drugs"
Ironically, the U.S. Government's own Veterans Administration Medical Center in Pueblo,
Colorado has conclusively demonstrated (http://brain.web-us.com/alcohol.htm) that a couple of weeks of
painless alpha-theta brainwave tuning permanently stops all forms of chronic substance adaıction
including alcoholism.
David Crockett Williams has submitted June 26, 2006 the following analysis that suggests that
dıscussion ot the politics of non-drug industrial hemp suppression should be included as a subset of
energy invention suppression politics discussion:
In addition to high-tech energy technologies and inventions that have been suppressed by various
means against their developers, one of the most important suppression issues regards the hemp industry
for production of bio-fuels to replace the need for fossil fuels.
The main reason why it is very important to include the suppression of the hemp bio-fuel industry in
any comprehensive energy technologies suppression discussion 1s because learning the suppressior
history about hemp enables people to understand the nature and scope of the ability of industry and
government collusion to suppress knowledge - just like the knowledge about the new energy technologies
inventions has been suppressed since the time of Nikola Tesla over 100 years ago, by the same greedy
industrial monopolists with the help of their bought and paid for politicians.
wonder his is such rapt ban ise oration could e keir the datone wins real nole history or hemp
suppression explains this with irrefutable historical information now neatly compiled and annotated
by folks like Jack Herer and his friends. See http://www.jackherer.com and
http://www.myspace.com/hempjack.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
82
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3877, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inentr win back in tic is ane-is misdiction in the Soul by Pancho Pils amly scursions no
the US, marijuana was outlawed without telling the Congress it was in fact the hemp plant, the cannabis
Exer of the 20fl fleetseing a main ingredient in most all patent medicines for decades before and after the
The American hemp fuel industry was pioneered by Henry Ford who was against the oil
monopolies and favored bio-fuels for automobiles. He even grew hemp showing how this was a superior
alternative.
But in the early part of the 20th century most of the new industrial monopolists were interconnected
by the emerging corrupt banking industry, those who put maximizing profits above all considerations
including cost to consumers.
Nhen the cotton gin analog for processing hemp by machine was tinally invented in about 1917
his threatened many industries then emerging including the new paper industry begun about 1900 witl
the discovery of the process using sulfuric acid to bond the lignin in cellulose to enable paper to be made
out of trees.
Newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst was so heavily leveraged into ownership of forests to
produce paper for his newspapers that he would have been bankrupted by a strong hemp industry usıng
the new hemp decordicator machine because it takes much less sulfuric acid to make paper from hemr
cellulose, and hemp is renewable.
So Hearst orchestrated his yellow journalism for the banks and other emerging industries like the
growing petroleum industry, chemicals industry, alcoholic beverage industry, the fiber industry, and the
drug industry, perpetrating this traud on the Congress by outlawing hemp as marijuana. Then began the
systematic expunging of the truth about hemp from the historical record and from the educațional system
in the US, by using the spurious and fallacious "narcotics hysteria" fomented and ongoing since that time.
Before the publication of Jack Herer's book "The Emperor Wears No Clothes" in about 1990 very
ew people knew about hemp, this suppression campaign being so successtul. Since then many peopl
lave learned the truth by reading his book and others including Herer's first editor - Chris Conrad. Ser
http://www.chrisconrad.com.
There has come to be a very strong network of activists by now who know the truth and are working
at many well funded levels to correct this situation. They know that the energy industry uses of hemp are
important but they do not know much about the new energy technologies or the documentation of their
suppression.
So including hemp energy industry suppression in this compilation about suppressed energy
technologies will link these two key issues, both of which are needing widespread implementation to
address global climate change as per the testimony of experts such as Dr. Brian O'Leary, who has started
numerous new energy groups, and Alden Bryant, the grandfather of the UN Climate Stabilization Treats
novement and Earth Regeneration Society. See http://www.brianoleary.com and
http://www.earthregenerationsociety.org.
This will afford the already established hemp issue activists the information they need to better open
the minds of the American public and to also champion the end to suppression of new energy inventions,
contemporary industry.
This will help them overcome the "drug war" as the smokescreen for the prohibition of hemp for all
of its uses including energy and to replace the need to cut down so many trees and to re-green the planet
to ameliorate climate change.
For an article explaining more about this double-edged sword to cut this Gordian Knot of
suppression, the new energy technologies inventions plus a global scale emergency Hemp for Victory
campaign, and why both are needed to remedy Earth's current climate crisis, see
http://www.angelfire.com/on/GEAR2000/gear.html.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
83
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3328, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
David Crockett Williams, Global Emergency Alert Response 2000
http://www.angelfire.com/on/GEAR2000, http://www.myspace.com/davidcrockettwilliams
Williams recently emailed The Canadian's article "Over 4.5 Billion people could die from Global
Warming-related causes by 2012" in
global warming crisis is much more immediate and dire than commonly understood. Western Siberia's
400 billion tons of methane in permatrost hydrate is gradually melting, releasing methane into the
catastrophic global warming. Methane is more than ZU times as strong a greenhouse gas as carbor
dioxide. Even a couple of billion tons of methane being emitted into the atmosphere each year would be
catastrophic. For comparison, the atmosphere currently contains only about 3.5 billion tons of methane
2012 is only five years away! A study by several thousand experts "Global Warming: The Final Verdict"
Dean Warwick: Ampliflaire Efficient Wood-Burning Stove
Dean Warwick's patented Ampliflaire is a major break-through in heating technology and is the
only heat exchange process capable of raising combustion cycle efficiency within fuel burning systems.
Other systems of heat exchange by their very nature must lower combustion cycle efficiency.
Ampliflaire recovers the heat energy other systems lose. Wherever fuel is burned or heat energy is
wasted, there is a unit to resolve the problem, and flue-pipe models, retro-fitted to conventional boilers,
convert them into overall effective condensing systems with remarkable savings.
Amplitlaire open tires release the electrical energy in plants, absorbed trom the sun during the
rowing cycle. Grown tuels are the most etticient converters of solar energy, and the burning of growi
fuels in this way is the sate way to make available energy from a nuclear reaction.
Is hydroxides (OH) of carbon (C), the potential energy in plants tar outshines their current use
With the largest man-made forest in Europe, the United Kingdom Government already recognizes
commitment to grown fuel which can easily satisfy British needs. Examples are winter species grass for
methane gas, bio-diesel, hydrogen from plants, liquids, and wood replenishing solids.
Amplitlaire reduces heating bills by approximately 90, reduces pollution, increases property
value, removes household dust, eradicates condensation, and efficiently circulates refreshed air.
The company's brochure features numerous practical cases of individual or commercial clients who
are now enjoying the benefits of Ampliflaire. From small cottages to large hotels, from churches to
business premises, the company has an efficient and effective system available.
Dean Warwick keeled over dead October 7, 2006 in the middle of a Unidentified Flying Object
(UFO) conference presentation in Blackpool, UK. Mr. Warwick was an alternative energy pioneer, former
http://www.ampliflaire.co.uk, http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=5337, and
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?ID=5290)
Idaho Inventor: Advanced Zero-Point Energy Device
During the FBI siege at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, where the FBI shot to death a mother and child during a
standott concerning alleged illegal firearms, an inventor happened to be living and working on an
advanced zero-point energy device in northern Idaho.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
84
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 3133, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As the story goes (told tọ Erik Masen by an investor who was on his way to visit "Inventor X," who
had just made a breakthrough in free energy but also, like Howard Rory Johnson, had made the mistake of
publicizing his breakthrough on a local TV station):
The day before the investor arrived, two U.S. Government agents broke into the home, thinking that
both Inventor X and his wife were away. As it happened, however, X's wife was still home and very
familiar with the use of her hetty handgun. She held the agents at bay inside the house, while debunking
their story that they were cable TV repairmen checking out the lines
Had it not been for the siege at Ruby Ridge that day, who knows what else might have happened
there. (Excerpted with permission from Erik Masen's article SUPPRESSION FROM HIGHER UP
Inventors Beware! The Deadly Campaign Against Free-energy Devices, Electrifying Times, Vol. & No. 3
and also in http://www.electrityingtimes.com/erik_masen_suppression.html)
Grant Hudlow: Method of Converting Garbage and Tires to Gasoline, Etc
During the early days of the Reagan Administration, much lip service was given and some money
companies and their allies in the Reagan Administration got scared and arranged to cut off his research
funds. (Source: Gary Vesperman)
Joseph Newman: Energy Machine
In the news some years ago was Joseph Newman's energy machine. While Reagan stalled on acid
rain, and Hodel pushed offshore drilling, the U.S. Patent Office continued to block commercial
invention's workability.
Over thirty respected electrical engineers, physicists and technical experts have endorsed Newman's
machine and signed affidavits confirming his claim of greater energy output than external energy input.
Ten congressmen have introduced bills which would require Newman's patent be granted.
As the Newman battle heated up, President Reagan appointed Donald Quigg, a thirty-year Phillips
Petroleum executive, to head the U.S. Patent and Trademark Ottice. The judge entrusted with the case,
Thomas P. Jackson, has violated judicial procedure, ignored expert testimony and ordered Newman's
prototype contiscated and destroyed. During Watergate, Jackson was the attorney tor John Mitchell and
the Committee to Re-elect the President's corrupt finance division.
Newman identitied the gyroscopic properties of subatomic particles and built a unique arrangement
of coils and magnets to draw energy directly from them, thus converting almost immeasurably small
(Newman's claims and theories do not seem to be universally accepted among mainstream physicists and
engineers. Gary Vesperman)
Bill Jenkins (Reporter): Free Energy Machine
BILL JENKINS: Free Energy Machine. Live on Something's Happening. Audio cassette #A1008-
90 $9.00.
Bill Jenkins hosted the ABC radio "Open Mind" program for 7 years, the most popular program in
the country in its time slot. He dealt with "New Age" topics and was taken off the air. Here he discusses
the program and his adventures since, including a near arrest on treason charges for preparing to market a
free energy machine.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
85
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 601, "chars": 3813, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Volcheck: Engine Powered by Gas with Unusual Expansion Properties
In 1993, a man named Volcheck of Grand Coulee, Washington, made a trip across the United States
and back in a car powered by a special gas he developed that had unusual expansion properties. He
claimed to have obtained the formula from some unpublished notes of Leonardo Da Vinci.
Volcheck says the gas expands enormously at about 395 degrees Fahrenheit to 450 pounds pressure.
In other words, from approximately 390 to 395 degrees Fahrenheit, the gas expands from a volume of one
unit to a volume of 10,000 units. He used this gas in a modified Franklin aircraft engine which behaved
more like a steam engine. He never refueled during the trip, consuming $10 worth of this special gas.
ting. White newas gone, V.S. Covemen, federal marshals of a 3. A T. team
eat contine Thy elberty told him o ore any more prod like i compens, a special
Gianni A. Dotto: Anti-Aging and Anti-Gravity Thermionic Couple
DATE/TIME: 06/13/93 10:05
From : ROBERT BONNER
To : DAVID MCWHERTER
Subject: (R) UV radiation + us
Folder : A, "Public Mail"
"Dave, There was an Italian researcher (actually he had a Ph.D.) who did research on how magnetic
fields affected the body. He made about 3 or 4 classifications of magnetic type energy fields. Iwo were
bad; one had some health benefits but in the long run had detrimental effects. The last one was, of course,
he one he speaks of as far as research goes. This person's name was Gianni A. Dotto, born in Venice. His
nain area of research was "Bio-physics'
. Anyways, he built something that resembled a thermionic
couple. It also levitated too... I said his name "was"; he's dead — murdered some time back. His device
worked really well as far as curing cancer goes. And he was killed for it. Run over, several times to ensure
his demise. [Details about the Dotto Ring are available online at http://www.rexresearch.com]...
"His ideas on how our DNA is electrically controllable is fascinating. With this device you coulc
theoretically live until you died of an "accident'
perhaps, you could find the right setting, maybe you could be 25 forever. But who in the world wants
"There were "reverse aging" effects detected on his elderly patients. So this is where all that mess
above comes from. İt isn't claiměd to just be theoretical; he (Doito) witnessed it. Anyways, I have the
document and have read it. Would be cool to build.
"The most expensive piece is the ring part; it is an alloy. But, it would cost about 13 grand to bulla,
maybe less if you knew the right people. It might be worth it for immortality and a life free of cancer and
AIDS and the common cold. -- Robert Bonner"
IPMS: Thermal Electric Cooling Devices
Thẹ I.N. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials Science (IPMS) was established in Kiev,
Ukraine in 1951.
It operated in absolute secrecy and was totally unknown to the American intelligence
community until just prior to the implosion of the Soviet Union in August of 1991. The mission of the
Institute was to use whatever tools or means were necessary to know everything there is to know about
materials. They had no production deadlines to contend with, and there was not a single applications
The 6600 scientists and technicians who worked in the Institute developed an entirely new model of
nonlinear quantum mechanics to describe the forces which make the world we live in behave as it does.
This new model suggests that the material world is substantially different from the world described by the
nodels relied on in the West. Seven new sciences, twenty-seven new technologies, and one hundred thirty
previously unknown materials developed in the Institute are based on the same revolutionary new model
of quantum mechanics.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
86
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 2050, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Research and development in the deposition and culture of layered crystal lattices has produced an
entirely new class of materials, previously unknown to Western science. These are referred to in recently
. Because of the nature
sub uned pa ena specialion digned con Thon of crystal layed Des as Beintero the test.
materials, these specially designed capacitors actually absorb energy when subjected to a flow of
, effect on the material surfaces. All other known materials
date have be policed under omal, antil our med abandon on in, this
cold enough to liquefy free-standing nitrogen gas from the atmosphere.
The potențial applications for this technology are manifold, but perhaps the most important is the
to be highly effective and cost efficient, particularly as they relate to the use of
super-conductive materials.
Arrangements to commercialize these useful energy inventions by joint ventures of the IPMS and
Bob Lantz: Lantz Water and Power System
«gear 2000 @lishtspeed.nots, "hallox@qwest.ne"sear2000@lightspeed.net"
<haltox@qwest.net
<mruppert@copvcia.com>
"mruppert@copvcia.com"'
Subject: RE: Lantz needs Reno attorney
Date : Sat, 9 Feb 2002 08:58:07 -0800
Day R. Williams
Attornev at Law
204 N. Minnesota St.
Carson City, NV 89703-4151
775/885-8398
daywillia@aol.com
www.daywilliams.com
I hope this is of some assistance.
Jerry E. Smith
Author, "HAARP: The Ultimate Weapon of the Conspiracy"
(Adventures Unlimited Press, 1998)
http://www.jerryesmith.com
----Original Message-....
trom: Gary Vesperman SMIP:vman@skylink.net|
Sent: Saturday, February 09, 2002 8:06 AM
To: Jerry E. Smith
Subject: Lantz needs Reno attorney
Jerry, I don't know anything about this, and I am too busy to even read it.
Gary
From : "David Crockett Williams" ≤ gear2000@lightspeed.net>
To: "Hal Fox" <halfox@qwest.net>, "Gary Vesperman" < vman@skylink.net>, "Michael C Ruppert"
<mruppert@copvcia.com>
Subject: Urgently need referral to Reno area attorney for Lantz
Date : Fri, 8 Feb 2002 02:16:08 -0800
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
87
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 578, "chars": 3687, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WWII vet framed by CIA agent to stop energy inventions?
Below is draft of press release I will finalize with Lantz on the phone this morning and send to
media lists etc. Please let me know if you can refer an attorney in Reno area who I can phone today to
help with Lantz court appearance Monday Feb.11 at which his date to surrender to jail will be set.
From: "David Crockett Williams" < gear2000@lightspeed.net>
Subject: W WIl vet tramed by CIA agent to stop energy inventions!
Date: Thursday, February 07, 2002 10:06 PM
in prison" according to his "public defenders"
invention to replace nuclear and fossil fuel power. Perhaps paralleling the case of Horst Jeske, jailed for
years in a bogus fraud conviction set up by wired funds transferred by Frederick van Boduncan years after
leske introduced him to Lantz as a CIA agent, and the case of San Francisco investigative journalist
George Williamson who identified Boduncan from his research as a CIA operative previously involved in
George Williamson was later named in a lawsuit by Mohamed Al Fayed against the CIA and other
government intelligence agencies regarding purported CIA documents Williamson offered to Al Fayed
inking the agency with the death of Princess Diana.
Lantz reports Monday for a custody surrender hearing after his sentencing to 5 years imprisonment
for a fraud in fact perpetrated without his knowledge by Norbert Vogler of Colorado who forged
investment certificates with Lantz' signature notarized by his friend who later acknowledged that Lantz
was not present when the forged signatures were notarized -- one of 237 lies that Lantz has documented
by Federal prosecutors in his trial after the government put him into poverty by illegally confiscating over
$250,000 from him after a raid in 1994.
Why would anyone want to put an old man in Jail who is so scrupulously law abiding that he never
even got a speeding ticket, someone who accepted the government secrecy order suppressing the Papp Air
Engine and therefore cancelled his contract to make Papp's protoype, someone who even calmly accepted
the multimillion dollar loss in business due to U.S. Government denial of his permit application to export
his water purification Sonofloc System 77 to the government of Egypt for seawater desalination?
Could it be that powerful people within the U.S. government are implementing covert policies to
keep new energy inventions suppressed that would threaten the fossil fuel and nuclear power industries?
Copious evidence says yes, and that Lantz' troubles really started after he began making new-energy
system prototypes for other inventors in 1977 culminating with his 1989 discovery of an "overunity"
energy generation system which combines his System 77 with an ultracentrifuge so the overall device not
only purifies any kind of water but also produces sufficient heat to produce megawatts of electricity
Departent of aergy in 19 day lie thy railor energy year a kind of device the US
The Lantz Water and Power System was first tested in 1989. It can solve our global energy and
water quality problems.
successive phatic desenders oho each claimentacle duddie in ja bypless tooth useabary airo
unless he took the plea bargain
icknowledging guilt and forfeiting his assets (over $100k of that confiscated was not even in his name), a
'raw deal" which this War Veteran refuses to accept
Are we to sit by and let this happen or will concerned citizens and media bring his story out so he
can get the legal help he needs to get his bogus conviction reversed, his name cleared and his money back
so he can pursue development of his New-Energy Svstem!
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
88
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3922, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There is a vault at the Us Patent Ottice containing 3,000 patents ordered secret by the government,
confiscated from the inventors who are threatened with 20 years in jail if they release the information as
Maming bookere om in overed everlion. Her book movies tensor various energ ene
'. Her book provides overviews of various energy
indian and governe complicity in rising the energy maurys the chie of the toil tuct
Can we help Bob Lantz become a hero of this coming energy revolution instead of its casualty!
Certainly our surviving W WII veterans deserve better treatment from our country citizens that they love
and fought and died for.
Dr. Timothy Trapp: 127 Energy Technologies
Dr. Timothy Trapp, Warren, Ohio, is President of the non-protit company World Improvement
Technologies (WITS). A contact email for WITS is wits2011@yahoo.com. They also have another non-
profit organization called World Improvement Through The Spirit (WITTS) ministry.
emails to Trovidealer details on ere companies aul lies da suppression history with accompanying
Currently employing 11 scientists, WITS has been active in producing, installing and servicing tree
energy systems worldwide for 19 years. Dr. Trapp and the two non-profits have developed over 127
energy technologies. Approximately 20 utilize cracking water into oxygen and hydrogen, approximately
14 are gravity motors, approximately 50 are radiant energy machines, and the remaining are
miscellaneous energy, propulsion and pollution remediation devices.
127 energy technologies are currently commercially available, including large-scale over-unity
power plants - 3 megawatts and up. Many of these power plants are under construction in toreign
countries but not in the United States due to suppression by the U.S. Government. WITS also makes and
sells a device for 30 dollars that can be added to any electrical system that has batteries which would
drastically increase the efficiency of that system (e.g. cell phone, radio, electric car).
Dr. Trapp states that if governments were FOR this technology instead of against it, a home-power
generator the size of a desktop computer could be built and sold for about the same cost as fuel powered
generators or less.
When Dr. Trapp moved back from Alaska, upon arrival, the shipping container containing his tools,
equipment, etc., had been emptied. In spring 2001, Trapp's lab in Arizona was raided. At the end of 2001
two WITS scientist assistants were (and currently still are) in Ohio prison on trumped up drug charges.
In the past 20 years the U.s. Government has destroyed over 14 WIT Is laboratories. As recently as
spring 2006 a WITTS laboratory burned to the ground. The contents of each laboratory contained millions
of dollars worth of equipment and several costly free energy machines. Dr. Trapp's laboratories were
raided, his equipment was smashed, and his people were beaten and arrested numerous times on false
charges. False evidence was planted many times.
Atter beating up one of his WIl IS salesmen, the salesman was then killed by driving the
salesman's car off a cliff. Another WITTS employee was also murdered by U.S. Government and so-
called law enforcement agents. There have been numerous attempts on the lives of Dr. Trapp as well as
many of his associates.
Or. Trapp wrote "This really should be a wake-up call to the people of America who believe we
have religious freedom here. We don't, when it comes to anything that might help the little guy.
On the positive side, with energy prices constantly going up, there is more activity than ever in
alternative energy. Power plants are going in many countries. And a few countries are seriously working
to get oft fossil fuels all together."
From : Jerry Decker ≤decker(@keelynet.com>
To : Gary Vesperman < vman@skylink.net
Sublect : Re: Trapp energy suppression
Date : Sun, 23 Dec 2001
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
89
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3575, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.. (Not entirely correct. His name is Dr. Timothy Trapp.
Vesperman) he used to live in Alaska.
Hi Gary! His name is Lim ThrasHe was the one who told me about Henry Ford working with John
Keely to create an arrangement inside early Model Ts so that magnets placed in them would make them
self-running....the story goes that Ford was threatened by the oil companies for graft (kickbacks) or
something along those lines...so he did this magnet trick as insurance...no one has yet come back with any
roof of the claim that SOME Model Ts had these slots in the bell housing where magnets could be
placed to make it self-runnin John Keely died in 1898yww.Kcelynet.com/energy/ford.htm (Vesperman:
This can not be entirely true.
Nhen Tim called me several years ago with that story, he said one of the cars had been found anc
he engine or a copy of it had been demonstrated, and the inventor killed on his drive home with the
engine on a trailer...the engine was stolen... Tim also said he had some radical new power generator
capable of 50 kilowatts but he gave no details about it. this was back in 1997..seeya!
Gary Vesperman wrote:
Dear friends, 1 have received a letter trom an energy inventor the following new energy suppression
incident: "Tim Trapp, from Ohio, was put in jail by the federal authorities in Arizona and by the state
police in Ohio."
Without success I conducted some searches for Tim Trapp on keelynet.com and google.com.
Do any of you know of any authoritative reports on Mr. Trapp's energy suppression troubles?
Gary Vesperman
702-435-7947
Jerry W. Decker - http://www.keelynet.com
Richard Diggs: Liquid Electricity Engine
Richard Diggs, Custom Invention Agency, P.O. Box 11, Carthage, Missouri 64030; patent process
roma toge portable unt ori demean i get recrisy lace under of he wil knowits
physical laws that the inventor pointed out. The inventor was also aware of the profound impact the
nvention could have upon the world's economy — if it could be developed
David G. Yurth (Reporter): Remediating Nuclear Waste Materials
From: David G. Yurth [mailto:davidyurth@comcast.net|
Sent: Saturday, April 15, 2006 5:27 PM
To: 'STetreault@stephensmedia.com'
Subject: Remediating Nuclear Waste Materials - UNLV
Dear Mr. Tetreault: After reading your article in the Las Vegas Review Journal entitled "Nuclear
Proiect Draws Interest " I thought it may be of interest to you to know that the DUE has played this game
with university and privately funded laboratories for many years. Perhaps the most comprehensive review
of this subject ever undertaken was prepared by Mr. Richard Shamp, President of Nuclear Remediation
Technologies, headquartered in Hyattsville, Maryland (301) 559-5057.
Beginning in 1997, NRT and its chief scientist S-X Jin lonce the highest ranked partıcle physicist ir
he People's Republic of China, until he escaped to the US in 1994 while addressing the Institute of New
Energy symposium in Salt Lake City, Utah] have been submitting critical laboratory documents to DOE,
demonstrating the effectiveness of known technologies used to remediate radioactive emissions generated
by nuclear fuel waste materials in both solid and liquid form.
After being finessed into providing all the definitive laboratory data to Dr. Frank Goldner of DOE's
nuclear remediation division, then-Secretary of DOE Spencer Abraham attempted to contiscate, classity
and impound NRT's technology while at the same time pretending to be considering providing grant
money to support its continued development.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
90
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 590, "chars": 3756, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The tact that the technology in question had already been awarded six patents [A. Shoulders et al
was the only thing that prevented him from succeeding. Instead of providing grant funding, Dr. Goldner
was instructed to put an end to NRT's pursuit of DOE funding for the development and deployment of its
technologies. And that is precisely what he did.
years to encapsulate and bury every ounce of high-grade nuclear waste material stored in the US under
ground at Yucca Mountain.
cryone inder the por mation so, i or know that me A has to do it engling
radioactive emissions, but that is what he said.
In 1999, while Elliott Richardson was Secretary of DOE, NRT was awarded a discretionary grant of
$2,000,000 for the purpose of advancing its test schedule. The work was to have been undertaken in
helor aceptible a testand dever men sic However, win les than 90 day aner the as ana -
announcement of the grant had been published, pressure from within the Department rose to such
extraordinary levels that Secretary Richardson was forced to withdraw the grant, albeit grudgingly.
The only similar technology ever contemporaneously developed in the Us for the remediation of
radioactive emissions in high-grade nuclear waste materials was developed in the late 1990's by Dr. Paul
Brown and his colleagues at World Atomics in Colorado Springs, Colorado. After being granted several
patents for the 'Nuclear Spallation Device' he designed, Brown contracted with several Japanese
contractors to build three successively powertul prototype versions of his device.
Hẹ had them built in Japan because DOE actively intervened more than a dozen times to prevent US
companies from building it. The problem with Brown's device was that it was little more than a small,
semi-controlled nuclear fission-powered device designed to continuously bombard nuclear waste material
targets with a highly charged gamma ray tield. Because it was so dangerous to operate, Brown was never
able to obtain the necessary State Department or UN transport clearances to have it shipped across
international waters into the US for further testing and development.
As you may recall, Dr. Brown was killed shortly thereafter under the most questionable of
circumstances, just as the utility of his nuclear spallation technique was about to be publicly demonstrated
in Japan.
(Only a month before he died, Dr. Brown met with me, Gary Vesperman, and a few of my business
and science associates in Henderson, Nevada to present his method of neutralizing radioactive waste. His
method is No. 13 in my list of methods of neutralizing or disposing of radioactive waste in
http://iiic.de/docs/GVComparison.htm. A few weeks after Brown's suspicious fatal car accident, Art
Rosenblum also died in a car accident. Rosenblum had been enthusiastically promoting Randall Mills'
Blacklight Power Inc.'s energy source.)
We have known how to sately remediate radioactive emissions from spent nuclear fuels, both liquid
and solid, for nearly a decade. We have the test data and prototype apparatus to prove it. That data,
neluding all the protocols, policies, procedures and experimental desıgn criteria associated with our worl
lave been submitted to DOE many times over - Dick Shamp can tell vou all about it if vou want to go t
the trouble to ask him - with the net result that DOE will not allow the US Postal Service to deliver our
proposals any longer. If you want to see what is really going on with nuclear remediation, this is a very
good place to begin.
Thanks for writing your article - you're about to find out how big Pandora's box really is.
David G. Yurth, Ph.D.
Director Science and Technology
Nuclear Remediation Technologies, Inc.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
91
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3623, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pres Molin Wilder Wast Repairy a Verma i lie it it out i th
Paul Brown: Hyper-Cap E-Converter
Paul Brown, Ph.D., had invented this device which Gary Vesperman wrote up for his "Advanced
Technologies for Foreign Resort Project" (see http://www.icestuff.com/~energy21/advantech.htm).
"perforever tery. The hyper-cap E-converter is a thick quarter-sized battery which would put out
for such applications as critical components inside tall-sate computers, cellular
telephones, etc. The energy comes from tapping ether fluctuations."
The following is excerpted with permission from "Inventor Paul Brown's Nightmare Story"
Electrifying Times, Vol. 10, No. 1, www.electrifyingtimes.com. His story originally appeared in Jeane
Manning's book "The Coming Energy Revolution" www.jeanmanning.com.
Brown invented a novel method for converting natural radioactive decay material into electricity in
company in Boise, Yaho, derided it was timeo makent pualic an assocement to his dise search
company in Bolse.
A series of traumatic events followed. The Idaho state departments of health and tinance filed
complaints against both the company and Brown. His license for handling radioactive materials was
suspended. He began to receive anonymous threats, such as "We will bulldoze your home with your
family in it."
Relocating the company to Portland, Oregon, did not stop the troubles. Despite the tact that a 1900
Fortune magazine article commented favorably on the nuclear battery venture, securities fraud charges
were filed against Brown and his company. Oregon's finance department investigated, as did the Internal
Revenue Service and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Atter meeting each challenge, Brown redoubled his ettorts to develop his technology, but events
"I understand now why inventors drop out of society." he said in a 1991 open letter to other new-
energy researchers. His advice to them! "Keep a low profile until you have completed your endeavor, be
selective in choosing your business partners, protect yourself and your family, and know that the
nightmare stories are true." Brown eventually died in a suspicious car accident in April 2002.
Ira Einhorn: Free Energy and Mind Control Researcher
(Excerpted from "A Snapshot of my 70's" by Ira Einhorn, September 1, 2002)
... What Geller could do, I saw a lot of it first hand, indicated that the basic physical framework in
which physics operated was inadequate and that so called "free energy" devices -- devices that would
solve our energy problem and end what is now called global warming and allow for the decentralizatio
ot most economic activities -- could become a reality.
Hence 1 circulated all previously known anti-
gravity information and all the emerging work on "free energy" devices.
Unfortunately, all new technology can be used as weaponry as well as for human benefit. So, I was
soon up to my ears in a multi-pronged intelligence game that is still waiting to be unraveled...
.. So when the opportunity arose, after a series of dinners and meetings in Princeton and New York
with Bogdon Maglich, the head of Migma Fusion, the only private nuclear fusion research operation in
the United States, and a number of Yugoslavian government officials, I agreed to help organize a
arge lesla celebration. lo this end, I enlisted the support of the president of the
nstitute in Philadelphia, Bowen Dees, and after a stint at Harvard and with the blessing ors Franklin
Yugoslavian Consul-General in New York, I went off to Yugoslavia, to spend days at their expense, as an
unofficial ambassador.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
92
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 580, "chars": 3693, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
international conference on his works, I would also have organized a smaller conference on the
suppressed aspects of his work in mind control and free energy and found a way to directly demonstrate
mind control to those who came to the conference.
In the fall of 1978 I was a Fellow in Residence at the Institute of Politics within the Kennedy School
at Harvard. I taught one course, ran a small lunch time chat series in which Harvard luminaries,
Ambassador Reichauer. E. D. Wilson and Karl Deutsch. among others. ate and chatted with 5 or 6 of u
or a couple of hours; I lectured in every conceivable venue at Harvard, conducted a number of publi
symposiums, brought a number of the members of my Network to Harvard to lecture, ate dinner with a
lost of well known political tigures, and made an inordinate amount of noise about mınd contro
echnology and the Russian Woodpecker to, among others, then CIA head Stansfield Turner. This lead t
a meeting in the Boston Airport, arranged by one of JFK's chief aides, on the matter with a top defense
intelligence scientist who ended up spending the evening with me and giving me his home telephone
number.
In 1979 I received a small private foundation grant to study free energy devices in preparation for a
large involvement in such activities. I was planning to visit all of the inventors personally and then
prepare a report that would have tormed the basis of a venture capital enterprise that had been
encouraged, due to some of my mailings, by a number of my attluent triends. The objective was to
develop and bring one device to the marketplace...
...All was not to be. I was busted for a murder 1 did not commit, and all my work on mind control
and free energy became history. [signed] Ira Einhorn September 1, 2002
The following is excerpted from Ira Einhorn's July 5, 2002 email:
Robert Eringer proposed all kinds of book schemes for me; schemes in which I was not interested.
Nor did 1 find any of the people my agent sent to me, re: the biography, to be of interest. Thus when
Eringer suggested he would like to look at my fourth novel, Cantor Dust, which was near and dear to my
heart, I informed my agent and sent it to him. Eringer was very enthusiastic about it. He said he would
refer to do my autobiography, but would work on getting my novel published as an opener to getting my
utobiography. I said he was welcome to try. Thus began a continuous stream of many hundreds of e
nails between this alleged intelligence operative and myself, broken only by his journeys to England
vherein he told me he saw a number of bublishers without success and one new house that agreed to
publish Cantor Dust when they were actually in business, and his family vacations. We were still at it the
day I was extradited to the United States: July 20, 2001... [Deleted]...
One of Robert Eringer's closest associates is Claire E. George, past Deputy Director of Operations
for the CIA, in charge of covert operations for the entire planet. Sources who have researched the
situation indicate that Claire E. George and Kobert Eringer have worked together on a number of
operations, still work together and have a pile of money at their disposal.
Einhorn presents the highlights of his case in
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Ira-Einhorn/message/454.
"We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes
jONATHAN GAZETTE CILY DIGEST Wednesday fume 25, 20128)) (Source: THE BROTHER
dyn/content/article/2006/02/13/AR2006021301897.html?nav=hcmodule)
Thomas Henry Moray: Radiant Energy Pump/Electricity Generator
engineering from the University of Uppsala.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
93
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 709, "chars": 4594, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. Henry Moray's research dates trom the time he was y years old (1901). Over the 73 years ot
Moray's research, he left behind him a wealth of notes, not only pertaining to radiant energy, but a wide
range of scientitic research bordering all the way from the devulcanization of rubber, the influence of'
nineral reactions in the presence of high energy, bio-electronic ettects (electrotherapy), sound pick up,
solid-state physics, and finally the detection of energy that constituted the major endeavor of his work
Moray was a pioneer in the field of electrical energy. As a youth he greatly admired Nikola Tesla
and in particular was very interested in Tesla's obsession with the earth having a limitless supply of
energy available to it from the universe. Like Tesla, Moray wanted to find out how to tap this energy.
Like a lot of people he became amazed at the "crystal radio" where a crystal can be tapped with a fine
wire to make a radio work — without any battery or power. Moray tigured that it this was possible it
should be possible to find a crystal (or "
'magnetic rock") that could be tapped for a power source.
Moray became very interested in the properties of certain rocks and crystal structures and the
powders from them. He actually developed and utilized a transistor more than 20 years before anyone
ever dreamed of such things. These solid materials are what he made his so-called Moray valves out of;
they were like radio valves but were not using a heated coil like radio valves (also known as vacuum
tubes in today's terminology). They were all cold with no external power to feed them. They were a
mixture of semi-conducting materials and intricate one-way conducting materials (diodes in today's
terminology). The Moray valve was therefore a solid-state device - unlike a radio valve that heated a plate
to produce energy.
It is well documented that Moray developed a bipolar semiconductor as early as 1927. His
germanium "valve" was working in 1931. In the 1930s Moray developed advanced semiconductors and
transistor-like devices.
Moray provided a complete disclosure of his semi-conductor research to Dr. Harvey Fletcher of the
Bell Laboratories. Dr. Fletcher later became head of the department at Bell Laboratories that developed
, theretore, could be the true tather of modern electronics since his work predated the
Bell Laboratory bipolar transistor findings by at least 20 years.
During the 1930s 1. Henry Moray was retused a patent on his cold semiconductor cathode because
the patent examiner couldn't understand how it could emit electrons. The patent examiner reported that he
could not allow the patent because he could not see how it would work since "the cathode had no means
of being heated"
"He tried to patent his device, but the requests were denied because the item he called the "Moray
valve' was too new a thought for the patent examiner. It was actually a germanium transistor, and solid
states were unknown at the time." his son John Moray said. 20 years later the development of the
transistor apparently proved that his device could actually have worked.
Both Nikola Tesla and Thomas Henry Moray consider harnessing cosmic energy (vacuum or zero
point energy in today's terminology) as the most practical method of producing energy yet dıscovered by
man. Furthermore, they thought it is possible to utilize this vast source of energy from the universe
without a prime mover at any point on the earth or in space - on the ground, in the air, on the water, under
Radiant energy is energy that is transported by waves. This includes energy transmission in the
form of waves through space or various media. Radiant energy is also energy transferred through
electromagnetic waves. Solar energy is a type of radiant energy. Radiant energy is the sum total of all the
mering or sun ting alant pover wil caper to time: Radian tang i sily prosed in could.
During the 1920s Moray demonstrated a "radiant energy device" to many people who were unable
to find a hidden power supply or batteries. Moray called his device a solid-state detector or the "Moray
. It basically comprised of a large antenna connected to a complex series of high-voltage capacitors.
transformers, and semiconductors. By supposedly stimulating the existing oscillations of radiant energy
rom space, his device could generate electrical power without any man-made power input. By 1936
Moray had eventually engineered his device so that a 55-kilogram version could constantly produce 5(
kilowatts of power for several days.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
94
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3838, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An electrical generator may be considered as not in the true sense a generator - as electricity is not
made by the generator - but is merely an electrical pump. Moray's radiant energy device may then be
referred to as a cosmic ray pump: that is, a high-speed electron oscillator serving as a detector of cosmic
radigo to describe that source of aeri cor sung om the cosmos to car and asia the from the earth
back to where it came. This is the energy the Moray device captures and could be described as those
particles of energy pervading all space.
What sort of an apparatus is Moray's radiant energy device? Briefly, it would appear to be similar to
a radio receiving set of power proportions.
An antenna is connected to a 29-stage solid-state collector material; a small rounded pellet mixture
of triboluminescent zinc, a semiconductor material, a radioactive or fissile material, and germanium. The
device contains two colls of wire, or inductances. It also contains several condensers, or capacitors, ot
different sizes. There is a detector tube, or electronic valve, and two oscillator tubes. Added to this is a
"bar of silver and a bar of copper", a starting device, and a step-down electrical transformer, reported to
be 1000-to-1, primary to secondary.
then be transformed into useful electrical power by conventional radio circuitry and a transformer, the
device must be grounded.
All of this was enclosed in a box measuring about 30 inches long by 16 inches wide by 16 inches
high. It weighed about 30 kilograms. There were no moving parts. Moray said there are no dangerous
sal tens sure ating he bo he is preten wing parts
Moray's 30-kilogram radiant energy device produced 4 kilowatts of cold electricity which was able
to power light bulbs. However, electric motors require special winding to increase their efficiency. While
commercially available electric motors will operate on the power from a radiant energy device, they are
not as etticient as motors running on ordinary commercial currents. Moray says when his motors are
running in the dark they glow with a violet aura. His motors ran cold!
It has been estimated that using current dielectric technology that a 50-kilogram radiant energy
levice could be built to produce 300 kilowatts — sufficient to power buildings and also electric vehicles.
Some persons who have seen radiant energy power lights say the bulbs look as if they were filled
entirely with white light, as it the gas itself which fill the bulbs were fully incandescent. Moray believes
this to be true.
Radiant energy will heat electric flat irons and other electrical heating devices. It is claimed heating
capacities are reached much more quickly with radiant energy than with commercial currents, and are
considerably hotter than when powered with ordinary electric energy.
One photograph shows Moray demonstrating his generator as it powers 50 100-watt light bulbs and
a 655-watt Hotpoint iron. Thus he proved that his radiant energy device was not running off batteries - as
his detractors said it did.
By 1936 he had developed a generating unit that weighed about 55 pounds and was capable of
producing as much as 50 kilowatts of power on a steady basis.
On several hundred occasions Dr. Moray lighted a bank of 35 light bulbs with power from his
imple but ingenious radiant energy device. There were 20 150-watt bulbs on the panel. At the same time
the generator powered a 600-watt glow heater and a 575-watt flat iron.
Moray, as Nikola Tesla before him, was unsuccessful in introducing his devices working on this
principle. Some report that his secret was forgotten. Moray tried for several patents to no availl
These valves are ONE reason why patents were continually refused - as he was told "there is no
such thing as free energy".
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
95
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 687, "chars": 4304, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
fact that the parent tened for enginged other arents Ever lie ore rear release,
for "in fringed other patents"
how this could not be, the Us Patent Uttice retused to allow any.
On the other hand, Moray gradually had perfected his device's output from a capacity to light one
small incandescent light bulb to a present capacity claimed to be 50 kilowatts. Fifty kilowatts represents
about 67 horsepower and, certainly, 67 horsepower is not to be disregarded. Many small factories do not
use as much as 67 horsepower.
According to Moray, one of his radiant energy devices can be built for about $800 (year is unknown
as there has been considerable inflation). Mass production methods might cut this price in half. Under
these circumstances, a unit in a home would bring about a substantial saving in power bills over several
years time.
As many as 100 persons have witnessed radiant energy demonstrations. Radiant energy, as it
emerges from the Moray apparatus, may be considered a form of electricity. It is an alternating current
but an alternating current of'very high frequency.
It a photograph of a single bulb lighted with radiant energy is taken the print shows a large, dark
ring, perpendicular to the base of the bulb. This ring looks like a circle of translucent black fog. It seems
the light somehow reflects itself on the air, or projects a shadow of itself there.
The demonstrations attracted newspapers and scientists from Bell Laboratories and from the
Department of Agriculture, but none could attest to how the device actually operated nor could evidence
of traud be found. Even though eminent scientists examined his device during and atter its operation, anc
admitted that they could not understand the source of the power they had witnessed, still he was never
able to gain their support for his work.
Moray refused to sell his technology to corporate interests, fearing its misuse.
In the later 1930's engineers from the Rural Electrification Administration (REA) were ordered to
work with him by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. A controversy grew between the inventor and the
government engineers. As a result Dr. Moray charged that the REA was trying to sabotage his work.
Moray reported that he and his family had been threatened and shot at on several occasions. His
laboratory was ransacked to stop his research and public demonstrations. Repeated assassination attempts
were made against his lite. It was necessary tor him to bulletproot his automobile since he was shot at
while driving down the public street. Small wonder that Moray developed an extremely alert and
suspicious nature, and visitors to his desk often noticed a fully loaded pistol lying on the desktop within
easy reach of his hand!
In 1940 Moray demonstrated before the members of the Public Utilities Commission (in Utah?) his
free energy generator. It maintained a continuous output of 250,000 volts with no apparent input.
The next day Moray was found shot in his lab, and all of his notes were stolen. Moray had been
wounded by shotgun pellets in his lab by an attempt to frighten him into handing over the secrets of his
work. Except for his own skill with a pistol to successfully defend himself against his assailants, Moray
would have been murdered
An REA engineer named Felix Frazer who was Moray's assistant had gone berserk and smashed the
Moray device with an axe. It was never rebuilt. The frustrated inventor could not afford to duplicate his
invention. He went to his grave many years later convinced that the destruction of his device was part of a
communist plot. Frazer apparently was angered that Moray would not sell his device to corporate
There is a rumor that to stop the USSk getting this technology the equipment was destroyed by
Moray's assistant. Or, the equipment was destroyed because Moray refused to unconditionally hand over
all aspects of the devices he had built. It was further claimed that one of his sons dumped the entire
contents of Moray's laboratory into a river - because of continued threats and harassment - not only to
himself but to his family as well.
The entire truth may never be known, but it is a fact that Fraser became enraged and grabbed a
sledgehammer and smashed Dr. Moray's device to pieces.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
96
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 578, "chars": 3662, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Dad believed to his dying day it was all part of a communist plot," John Moray said. "He had
refused to cooperate with certain known communists so his invention paid the price,
Moray added
"It certainly smacks of some kind of conspiracy," the younger Moray mused.
The tragedy of it all was in the fact that Dr. Moray's years of research and development, and his
entire fortune were wiped out when his device was smashed with a sledgehammer. It had taken Moray 20
years and $200,000 of his own money to develop it.
"Because of the expense and hardship in rebuilding the generator, which the patent office hac
refused to consider, my father never actually completed more than one unit at a time as he perfected it
"Each updated model used parts from the previous model as he made improvements in successive
stages."
Another factor in the total destruction of this marvelous technology was the demise of the various
companies that provided Dr. Moray with components. Both the Great Western Radio Co. and the Baldwin
electric Co., which he worked with vanished as part of his resources.
"Inflation, the massive war effort and threats to my father's life spelled doom to any ideas he may
have had for replacing the destroyed generator device," the younger Moray claimed. However, more than
$200,000 in the late 1920's and early 1930's would indeed translate into many millions today.
Make no mistake about it; Dr. Moray did what he claimed to have done. He had achieved free
nergy. The Soviet Union even offered to provide him his own fully equipped laboratory in Russia, with
10 expense spared. and to back his experiments fully. Fraser could have been a trained Soviet agent who
had succeeded in working his way into Moray's confidence and gaining access to Moray's laboratory as a
technician and assistant. When Moray still refused to give his invention and services to the Soviet Union,
the assistant destroyed the device, smashing it to pieces with a sledgehammer.
Sadly, T. Henry Moray died with his dream unrealized and the original device destroyed.
Walter Rosenthal (Reporter): Small Electrical Power Converter
Walter Rosenthal was a retired aerospace engineer with some test equipment such as oscilloscope
and voltmeters. He had closely followed for a long time development of new sources of energe received
personally knew some energy inventors. (Rosenthal recently passed on trom natural causes.
much praise for his careful energy invention measurements. See for example Thomas E. Bearden's eulogy
http://peswiki.com/index.php/Site:LRP:Tom_Bearden_Remembers_Walter_Rosenthal_/26_Floyd_Swee
More than twenty years ago, Kosenthal became involved with an inventor's invention of a small
electrical power converter. Something about converting a flashlight battery's DC to 4 watts of power with
a high conversion gain. He realizes now that it would be a very valuable invention because it could be
used in cell phones, laptop computers, portable radios, etc.
Then the inventor got a call trom a man representing Atlantic Richtield (now ARCO). They ofterec
the inventor $40,000 to take it off the market. Otherwise, they would subject him to troubles, etc. He
refused. They eventually offered $400,000.
One day he came home to find a group of men going through his apartment. He asked them to
deace. Pe haps co no quetty, as of a few not ago he as stil farthe add well. That energy this
• That energy device is
still not on the market.
Later on, Rosenthal figured out that the Atlantic Richfield people could only have known details
about the invention by tapping either his or the inventor's telephone.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
97
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3972, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Joseph C. Yater: Heat-to-Electricity Converter
In September 18, 1975 Joseph C. Yater invented a heat-to-electricity converter that he says will cost
him a vice to the de. within month the US Go termed cie at to peril there an
• Atter promising
device would be impractical. Subsequent scientific analysis also revealed flaws in Yater's reasoning.
Adam Trombly: Trombly-Kahn Closed-Path Homopolar Generator
phases. Their Us patent application was rejected twice on the grounds of impossibility that the machine
could work. Then the United States Patent Office notified the Department of Defense. Instead of
congratulations, Trombly and Kahn received a secrecy order. The two authors were warned not to publish
any information on the basis of violation of secret homopolar generator work being done concurrently in
the U.S. Government's Department of Defense.
Adam Trombly, the senior designer of the machine, received two written gag orders trom the
Department of Detense - forbidding him to reveal details of the machine - upon threat of 10 years
imprisonment tor violating security relating to homopolar generator design. The DOD-imposed secrecy
has prevented any recompense whatsoever from accruing to the men who performed this work
According to information obtained under the Freedom of Information act by the Federation of
American Scientists, the Pentagon placed 774 patent applications under șecrecy orders in 1991 - up from
290 in 1919 - and 50b ot these orders were imposed on inventions by private companies. The U.s
vovernment has standing gag orders on several thousand inventions.
In 1989 Adam Trombly proposed the retrofitting of the Four Corners coal-fired power plant with an
advanced Trombly-Khan closed path homopolar motor-generator. Trombly and Farnsworth estimated that
the cost of such an advanced electrical generator to be approximately the cost of installing smoke
scrubbers on one coal-fired generating unit. (Sources: http://www.rexresearch.com/trombly/trombly.htn
and http://www.broandrew.com/suppression.html.)
Adam Trombly: Trombly-Farnsworth Solid-State Oscillating EM System
Adam Trombly also co-invented with David Farnsworth the Trombly-Farnsworth solid-state
oscillating electromagnetic (EM) system. In June of 1989 Adam Trombly and David Farnsworth of Zero
Point Technologies, Inc., demonstrated a solid-state resonant device which physically produced over tity
times greater electrical output than input at the Church of the Holy Covenant just prior to a major address
by Trombly at Dag Hammarskjold Auditorium in the United Nations. The demonstration had originally
been scheduled to coincide with Trombly's address.
But at the last minute Trombly and Farnsworth were informed by the Director of the United Nations
«sed a a churen or was used by ine Sated Sations as no lemate venue for the demonstration donger
"sensitive" technologies such as that belonging to Trombly and Farnsworth.)
The demonstration was attended by fifty people including five major Wall Street executives, several
engineers, and a Senior Engineer from Boeing Corporation Dr. Charles (Chuck) Clark. Clark had beer
allowed to spend several hours alone with the technology prior to the New York demonstration. Clark had
checked for every conceivable trick that might be used to deceive naïve or unwitting observers.
The demonstration went pertectly. Many present stated that they telt they had attended a historica
vent; one that would help the human species emerge from the economically stratitied and eartl
lestroying, dark ages of fossil tuel technology and into a time ot universal, pollution-tree electrical power
ome participants/observers were moved to tears by the ramitications of what they had witnessed
After the demonstration the entire entourage proceeded to Dag Hammarskjöld Auditorium where
Trombly addressed the standing room only crowd. He asked all of the witnesses to stand, and they did.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
98
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 3929, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
He then asked Dr. Clark to comment on what he had seen. Chuck said, "I am not here representing
Boeing. 1 am here because 1 was hired to find out if this technology really works. I can't tell you how this
hing works. David and Adam can explain that better than me. What I can tell vou is that it does work
exactly as Adam has just said. I have checked for every trick in the book, and all 1 can say is that this
congest ming ovatin in the hit of i lot ryer one stor
There were just so many people from all over the world expressing their excitement that it took
nearly forty-tive minutes for Adam to get through. By the time he reached the foyer he saw the five Wall
Street executives were huddled up with a man whom Adam had introduced the day before as one of his
best triends. They looked anything but happy. As Adam approached, one of them took hım asıde and said,
"Your friend just told us that you faked the demonstration. Is that true?"
"Are you kidding? My entire life has led up to this moment. The future of this planet will depend or
he development and deployment of these technologies if we are to have any hope of surviving the hell we
are currently creating for ourselves." Adam was stunned.
"I do not know what his motivation is for saying that. He is not a scientist nor is he an engineer. It
just doesn't make any sense."
"Well, you said he was one of your best friends. So you have to understand that our commitment of
$500,000,000 is withdrawn until we can sort this out."
In an instant one man had obstructed history for us all. He misrepresented the truth even after the
real professionals had agreed that the technology worked, and that there were no tricks. Adam later
realized that this individual had cleverly infiltrated his life and won his confidence. He had torpedoed the
future.
idam did hours of interviews that atternoon and into the evening. Dr. John Lilly also asked to br
nterviewed. He said, "This is the most wonderful and exciting thing I have ever seen! I am coming out of
retirement to help Adam promote this thing. Maybe we do have a future that's worth living in after all."
Congressional representatives in the
Essional representatives in the Us Senate Banting and Finance Condittee Searing toom. After
the Congressional demonstration, Trombly commented: "Here is a technology that points to a better
future; a future free of the taint that the politics of scarcity casts upon us all.
After these demonstrations Trombly indicated that he had so far survived 47 assassination attempts
over this technology which apparently threatens existing energy industry monopolies.
While David Farnsworth was in their $20 million Oregon shop/lab, early one March morning in
994, badge-wearing US Marshals broke in with sledgehammers and chainsaws. Farnsworth watcher
vith his wife and a friend from a motor home while they ransacked his lab and took the energy machine.
away.
They recklessly removed expensive electrical devices including expensive spectrum analyzers,
earthquake forecasting devices and advanced generating equipment away from walls and shelves. They
carelessly stacked them in waiting trucks and vans to be transported to a federal warehouse in north
Portland.
The supposedly law-abiding U.S. Government employees also took home thousands of dollars of
Farnsworth's expensive ham radio equipment.
The US Marshals then filed charges against David Farnsworth and took him to court. Eventually,
those charges were dropped.
Adam Trombly has had a total of 54 attempts on his lite. One of the latest occurred early in 2006.
Also, a suspicious incident occurred July 4, 2006 when Trombly was visited at his Aspen, Colorado home
by a man of Middle East origin from Las Vegas who knocked on his door and earnestly tried to give him
ten free cases of meat. Having been previously forewarned, Trombly refused, even after an additional
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
99
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 219, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
offer of a free freezer, fearing the meat had been poisoned. This incident indicates that an energy
invention suppression hit squad might be based in Las Vegas.

Energy Invention Suppression Cases 100 September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 660, "chars": 3953, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Reterences: June-December 2006 emails by Adam Trombly and Bruce Meland to Gary
Vesperman.
"In Search of Quantum Motors and Generators" by Bruce Meland, Electrifying Times,
Spring-Summer 2006, Vol. 10, No. 1, www.electrifyingtimes.com. The book "The Coming Energy
Revolution" by Jeane Manning. Tom Bearden's web site www.cheniere.org/correspondence/080301.htm.)
Gary Vesperman: My Car was Fire Bombed July 3, 2006
John Martens and I share the rent on a house in a nice, relatively crime-free neighborhood in
gracion i i cos real agina. to does real maving a pod, Berling that someone a cre
watching him leave and looked back a couple of times as he was riding away.
At 10:15 p.m. I went to bed and shut oft my bedroom light which can be seen trom the street. A tew
minutes later John's dog Coyote started barking. İ let her bark for a couple of minutes hoping she will
stop. I got up, looked out the tront door, and could see what appeared to be tireworks burning in the street
›ehind the car. I walked to the car, looked in the rear window, and saw the bottom of the back of the
driver's seat burning!
1 ran back into the house, called 9-1-1 and reported my car on fire. The firemen came later than I
thought they would and with an iron bar proceeded to break all four door windows, even the two small
windows in the two rear doors. I had jangled the car keys in front of them when they had arrived. They
then found that the driver's side door was unlocked and sprayed water on the burning driver's seat to put
out the fire.
They told me to wait for their arson investigator. He found on the driver's seat the carcass of an
incendiary fire bomb three inches long and an inch wide. He said it burns at 2000 degrees.
The next day, being July 4, I asked two tireworks sales stands about it. It is illegal in Clark County
where Las Vegas is located. It can be bought at Indian reservations fifty miles north. It appears whoever
threw the firebomb in my car knew what he or she was doing.
L asked my mailman who has been delivering mail in my up-scale neighborhood for over ten years.
He said he has NEVER seen a car torched in our neighborhood during all those years. My car is only one
of numerous vehicles parked in our neighborhood. Yet my car, which is registered in my name, was the
one targeted.
The car is a 1991 Chevrolet Corsica which had been painted, its interior in good shape, and has a
fuel-efficient strong power train with new tires and many new parts such as new brakes, muffler, etc. It
would have been a nice high-mileage reliable car for several years. In addition to the firemen breaking all
the door windows, the root lining burned and there are other burns and melted plastic parts. The interior is
a mess. John is a certified auto mechanic and had spent many hours restoring it. John and I eventually had
the car towed away to a junk yard as a heartbreaking loss.
Idam Trombly has had a total ot 34 attempts on his lite. Une of the latest occurred early in 2006
Also, a suspicious incident occurred July 4, the day after my Corsica was firebombed, when Trombly was
Trombly's report hints that an energy invention suppression hit squad might be based in Las Vegas.
One of my energy inventor friends, who himself has been a target of energy invention suppression,
happened to visit me a few weeks later. He has emailed "What I witnessed at Gary's house was no teenage
prank. It was obviously intended to totally destroy a car, not just scratch the paint or leave a scar. With
several other cars parked at the same house, Gary's was obviously targeted, not just the easiest to reach."
Three weeks before my car's firebombing, I had published on the Internet the third version of this
compilation of'energy invention suppression cases which can be read in www.byronwine.com (do Find
for Vesperman). Other sites can be found by entering in the dogpile.com search engine Vesperman
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
101
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 614, "chars": 3690, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So it may be that the energy invention suppression terrorists, possibly based here in Las Vegas, had
retaliated by firebombing my car. I don't feel intimidated at all. In fact I am mad and more determined
than ever to help end energy invention suppression.
Adam Trombly (Interview): The Truth about Zero Point Technology
(Originally published in Spirit of Ma'at: "Free Energy & Alternative Energy - Part I" — Vol 2
February 2002. For the print version see http://www.spiritofmaat.com/archive/feb2/prns/trombly.htm.)
The Truth About ZP Technology: A Wake-Up Call to the American People - An interview with
Adam Trombly by Celeste Adams
Adam Trombly is one of the top scientists in the world in the development and creation of zero
point energy technology. Devices that he bullt are working today in other parts of the world. And yet
instead ot using zero point energy, Adam Trombly's own house in Maui is being fitted with a bank of
expensive solar panels.
Why can't Trombly use his own expertise to fuel his own home? Trombly has spent most of his
professional life under one gag order or another. But he decided, he told us,
"that if I was going to give an
interview for this particular publication, I wasn't going to pull any punches."
If much of this seems overly negative, keep reading. Trombly wants to wake us up, and to shine a
ight upon things that have been kept dark. But his grounding is deeply spiritual. It's just that the Divine
forces that seek to assist us cannot do so unless we call upon them.
'Now, in this moment," he tells us
"we must come out and ask for help. When we can ask for help, we get it."
Adam Trombly's revelations will shock you to the depths. But it is his hope, and ours, that it will
help you to awaken, or to assist you in your task of awakening others.
Trombly's ultimate vision is the "redreaming of the American Dream."
Adams: How did you become interested in free energy?
Trombly: I was raised as a scientist and I have spoken the language of science all of my life. My mother
was a blood specialist, my father was a biochemist, and my sister was at one time a biophysicist.
When my father had just gotten his Ph.D. in biochemistry from Purdue University —I was a young
child — he was enlisted as a biochemist, by a fellow Purdue alumnus named Frank Olsen, into a U.S. Air
Force/CIA joint project. He was stationed at the biological warfare laboratory in Fort Detrick, Maryland.
This was in 1952 during the Korean Contlict. He had been a highly decorated U.S. Army Air Corp ottice
in World War Il, but the government felt that he had a skill of strategic importance to the national
security.
At Fort Detrick, he and Olsen, along with a couple of other scientists, were working on a very
mothere put out momen, one arved couple of boxes i contained oural. my
father had kept during his time at Detrick. You weren't supposed to keep journals, but he dia.
One of the things he wrote about in his journals was his exposure to alien technology that totally
defied what were considered, at that time and even still to this day, the laws of physics.
le wrote a letter to Dr. Quackenbush, who was on his dissertation board at Purdue, saying that what
he had seen challenged even his "most vivid imagination." This was right after he got there.
Alter hẹ had been there about a year, the notes he wrote got really interesting. He specitically
described various technologies which he stated plainly were of
'"alien origin." He described not only
lying dısk-shaped cratt and their related energy and propulsion systems, but Extraterrestrial Biologica
Entities. His work was actually concerned with them
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
102
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 579, "chars": 3465, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Un November 19, 1933
was taken by Dr. Sidney Gotieb to a sumer camp near Baltimore. While there, he and his collegess
micrograms. Olen inew about one experiment, and out of co don formy orde old him tarvey you
have been given a psychoactive drug and you are beginning to feel its effects. Don't worry."
Olsen had also taken a large dose of acid, and later freaked out because he said he had, "blown the
experiment." It was supposed to be a double-blind experiment for all of the participants other than Olsen.
He was supposed to keep silent.
Frank Olsen continued to feel unsettled, and was rushed by CIA personnel to New York for
psychiatric examination. Something terrible happened instead. Frank was bludgeoned in the head and then
thrown from his hotel room window. He was murdered. This, at least, was the conclusion of forensic
pathologists hired by Frank's son Eric in 1994.
My tather fled an internal protest demanding an investigation of his triend's and colleague's death,
and that was what ultimately triggered the events that killed him.
In January of 1994, under the illusion that he was being immunized trom a new retroviral biologıcal
warfare agent, he was injected instead with a live virus that he had discovered during his research. He
became extremely ill. In his notes, he indicated that he immediately knew. "They killed Frank," he said,
"and now they have killed me. The difference is that I will die slowly, very slowly."
He died in 1960, from a form of lymphoma as eleven government labs did morphological workups
of his cells.
When I discovered that his death had not been an accident of nature, I was heartbroken. I despaired
of life. I sat with a knife a quarter inch into my chest, with blood already trickling down, begging whoever
was present at Infinity to reveal the truth of existence.
And in the next moment, I suddenly had no doubt of God or, if you prefer, the Buddha Nature, and I
saw things with great clarity.
Adams: Do you believe that we're in denial about the involvement of aliens in the affairs of this planet?
Trombly: The American public has been lied to for so long, they wouldn't be able to recognize the truth
if Jesus told them personally.
It's very difficult for the American public to know what is going on. In many ways, we are a nation
in denial, and all too often a nation of alcoholics and drug addicts. We are in incredible mass denial.
People see what are reterred to as ilying saucers and UFUs. Sometimes they are not saucers but
triangles. Sometimes they're small, and sometimes they're huge and look like buildings.
It doesn't matter how many people in remote places or in cities see them, or photograph or
videotape them. The perceptions are simply shut out.
But by the next day, the whole chemistry of denial has set in and those same people say, "Wow, that
was a strange airplane, it was going really slow, or really fast, and how did it make that right turn?"
This is what got me started in free energy technology
- though I hate the term free energy, because
it's anything but tree. Many have paid dearly for its advent. I don't even know what term I like at this
point. I use the term Zero Point Fluctuation Technology — ZP Technology.
I used to have a company called Zero Point Technology. As soon as you put something like that on
your shingle, you discover just how unacceptable this concept is to those whose growth stopped so long
ago.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
103
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 616, "chars": 3607, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The "X-Fles are being bombarded with subliminal messages that tell them that aliens dont exist. Even
government" has had contact for decades with cultures that aren't from this planet.
We're like the aboriginal people of New Zealand, or Papua, New Guinea, or any other remote tribe.
When they see an airplane, they think that it is a God — or they at least, they used to. Of course, now they
think that it's just people who are more primitive than they are, but who have technology.
We are the same way with "alien" cultures. We are the same way with really clean and advanced
electrical technologies that could begin to help us understand just how wonderful and abundant Being
simply being — is.
When I got involved in ZP in 1979, I was warned by Buckminster Fuller that if we were successful
there'd be hell to pay. If we were actually successful, then it could develop into a real nightmare, because
the humans we're dealing with are a species that has been kept in the dark. We've been treated like
mushrooms (which are kept in the dark and fed a lot of feces -- there's no nice way of putting this.
The extremes to which these people are willing to go to make your life miserable are phenomenal.
They go out of their way to torment those who challenge their utter mediocrity.
Then there are certain people who hang around in the so-called free energy field, who speak at
conterences and who have never discovered, engineered, or invented anything in their entire fives that is
worthy of note. What they have done is mediocre at best. I won't name them, but they just haven't
produced. These are the people who say, "No one has ever bothered me."
These are the same people who — behind my back and behind the backs of those who have actually
produced functional technologies — say, "Well I've never seen anything that he's produced."
Adams: Can you tell us more about this alien agenda?
Trombly: I know that there's an alien agenda because my father wrote this in his journals. He said he had
discovered that the U.S.
government had become involved in its implementation. He went turther to say
hat this alien agenda, in his opinion, was contrary to the good of the human species and the planet
He believed that a sector of the military/industrial complex was involved in a program, basically, to
transform our atmosphere, which is benign to our species and other Earth species, into one that is greatly
reduced in terms of its oxygen content.
So this is a force which doesn't have good intentions for us. It is a force that would gladly
exterminate us. And yet human beings act as agents for this force. The "human" species is exterminating
itself, by its own hands.
Му father spoke of alien agendas in his most secret thoughts. This was not something he spoke of ir
ublic. He would never have given this interview, I'll tell you that much
Adams: What species is this alien force?
Trombly: I can't say, but 1 can say that the species that are trying to harm us are a tiny minority of a vast
host of allen species. My father knew of a couple. It wasn't just one, even back then. This sounds very far
fetched
- I know it sounds nuts. But I decided it 1 was going to give an interview for this particular
publication, I wasn't going to pull any punches.
Adams: Many of the people who read this will share your belief system.
Trombly: Well, this is not about a beliet system. I don't like beliet systems! This is about reality! We are
the ones who are collectively destroying the womb of the Earth in which our species gestates, in which we
evolve.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
104
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 621, "chars": 3677, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There are real terrorists in Washington, and even, I dare say, in the White House. (See
ttp://www.nogw.com/shadow.html.) And we are very
will be considered criminal. The incident wecall it was a moppery Now, every me someone dens
911 they'll think of the evil demon Osama bin Laden who in fact is someone we helped to create.
last yeako sia was are gry fit of diy thin Afghanistan. Where do yo think that money clime from
Where do vou think it went?
Everyone thinks the 9-11 was caused by Osama bin Laden and his cronies. There's no doubt that
ome of his money comes trom Saudi Arabla, but the tact is that the U.s. government is the primary
ource of funding for the Taliban. Why? Because Dick Cheney and his cohorts want to build an oil
pipeline through Afghanistan.
Adams: What has happened to the free-energy technologies that you've produced?
Trombly: Every single technology that I have either invented or co-produced is no longer in my
possession. There's one in Arizona that has supposedly become a national security issue.
A former colleague of mine once went off on his own with a design that he and I had come up with.
He built a device that was very successful — and is now in a can, and he is a shell of his former self.
redible sources that these are nogling compared to the technologies ready being had ned bro
very in edible contras tors rinse are in the United Stad s
Why is it a national security issue! Whyls a generator that generates several times more output than
input a security issue? Why is it that the American people cannot enjoy what their tax dollars are payıng
for? Why is it that we have a government that is willing to deny the American people access to the very
technologies they themselves are secretly producing?
It's not a joke. Our government has produced technologies, with our tax dollars, that could
immediately begin to reverse the damage done by the irresponsible use of fossil tuels, and they are not
allowed to be used
They continue to pollute this atmosphere, and they continue to reduce the amount of metabolically
available oxygen. Who could possibly benefit from that? What species do you know of that is actually
better off today than, say, fifty years ago?
What is it that we do when we burn these fuels? We make fire. What is fire? Fire is a rapid
because o process that releases heat. The real destroyers of the equatorial rain forest are forest fires,
the incredibly poor husbandry. There's nothing good you can say about what's being done to
this planet!
There are tar too many people in the U.S. government and other national governments who are
acting in a way that is completely moronic and self-destructive. It is not a human agenda! This is what I'm
trying to get you to see. There is this whole other thing happening.
Eisenhower warned us against in his farewell address to the nation. Eisenhower got the term
We are exploited by a corporate structure by the "military industrial complex" Dwiemilitary
industrial complex" from Mussolini, who was describing Fascism. These are words you don't want to use
in our society.
At Project Earth we get mail from all over the world, and the one word that keeps coming up since
our last so-called presidential election — about that debacle, that tragedy — is the word "coup.
' From the
Rosca, tiance holand Spain of the where in speit ors fact hat we save posted an a tacle o outh
American people dont realize eat they just had a coup people write to us and say,
Then, following on that coup, we have 9-11. Everybody is terrified, but people don't want to talk the
way I'm talking now. They think it's self-destructive.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
105
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 3752, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I tell you truly, it is our collective silence that is truly destructive.
The United States of America is a sacred idea. It is a sacred thought-form. What was America to the
people who risked and trequently lost their lives to create it! It was the New Jerusalem. The spiritual
foundation of the United States of America is an absolute necessity of our spiritual dimension. It was
founded on the basis of the absolute need of the human spirit for freedom.
But freedom brings with it great responsibility and demands great intelligence.
We do not want to live in hell, but we are creating hell for ourselves. We are tormenting each other
and ourselves. We're doing these things as if we have no choice. We are truly brainwashed.
he real ultimate cult that's going on in America is this one of jingoistic, flag-wavins
neil amount of prestige and must because d What happened im
2000.
No matter how much moner
we put into the military budget, we will not be able to restore that trust
in our own people or in the rest of the world until, through grace or the incarnation of the Divine Process.
our democracy is resurrected from its present contrived state. It is a travesty.
When Dick Cheney refuses to turn over documents to investigators, he gives comfort to our
enemies. Truly dangerous and deranged people in truly difficult countries like Pakistan cite the actions of
our corrupt public otticials as justitication tor their actions.
If we say to the world that we represent Freedom and Democracy, then by God we have an
obligation to be Free and Democratic.
In the meantime, the world laughs, because perfectly capable intelligence officers in the United
States are oppressed for the sake of short-term political agendas.
The Central Intelligence Agency attempted to warn the White House betore September 11. The
entire attair was handled with what can only be called incompetence. While three-letter agencies spent
our tax dollars listening to my calls, true terrorists were going to flight. And in spite of over an 18-minute
warning crash, a second full-size passenger jet went into the World Trade Center.
Even so, we are all supposed to fall into line and cheer.
Once, in 1986, I was introduced to a man in Toronto, Canada, who turned out to be a major Soviet
technology spy. When he ottered me a lot of money and a lot of benetits it 1 would turn over mechanical
drawings tor an electrical generating technology 1 had co-invented, 1 told that agent to go screw himself. I
told him I was under a gag order, and that I would not violate that order.
He responded by saying, "What loyalty do you owe to your country? They have done nothing to
help you or your work. If you cooperate with us we will appreciate you and take good care of you and
your family. Three hundred million people will benefit from your technology. Who cares if a shaft is
made in Leningrad or if assembly occurs near Moscow?"
Once again, I told him to go screw himself, to go back to the totalitarian hell that he came from —
and then I got the hell out of his office.
In September of 1986, I turned this man in to the FBI
— and as a consequence, I ended up under
investigation myself!
In February of 1987, the counter-intelligence unit of the FBI contacted me. During my second so-
called "interview," one of the special agents who interviewed me was Robert Hanson, now known as a
tamous spy for the former Soviet Union.
Hanson interviewed me about whether or not I was a spy. But he knew I wasn't a spy, because he
The "hurtant just the U.S. governmont that's suppressing all this stuff, i's the whole theater of this species.
species has rarely demonstrated qualities that say that it should be maintained or can be
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
106
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3264, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sustained.
pindary scle it has not ered itigen ty
This species has never acted in a way that is consistently to its own benefit. For thousands of years,
this species has acted in a manner that can only be described as both sadıstic and masochistic, and on a
lon't even realize that we have a choice to do that.
ver realize that we have choice too hate The sealize an have chine a
intelligently. They don't even know or what that would entail.
My protests to the "powers above" are consistently related to this central fact: "I know there's a
choice, you know there's a choice, but the general population on this planet has no clue that there's a
choice. We can choose to live in a completely abundant and pollution-free environment. We can make
that choice and have more abundance, and not less abundance. We can stop spending money for fuel. The
capital expenditure for fuel could be completely eliminated. That would free up trillions of dollars
annually, globally, from the world budget, from the planetary budget."
It you want to know why 1 got involved in this technology, it's because we have a way to generate
almost boundless levels of electrical power without any pollution or fuel, without even the need for solar
panels or wind power.
my to no sly demonstradi one wi sites ao have to lamed am a is one.
my life in the field of ZP Fluctuation '
Adams: Can we still restore this planet?
Trombly: We can if we act with great clarity and great speed. No obstacle could stand in our path.
We could even reclaim the Sahara Desert. It didn't used to be a desert. It was destroyed by people
who cut down the torest and overgrazed the grasslands that were once there. Now the same thing 1s
happening in Brazil, Indonesia, China and South East Asia.
same thing is true of the forests and grasslands.
It's about maintaining that tissue and understanding that it is very vulnerable. These membranes are
being taken away.
We can also reclaim the desert that is forming in the northeastern corner of Brazil, where there was
rainforest a hundred years ago. The Brazilian desert exists because the Brazilian people won't stop cutting
down their own trees. I say this very bluntly. If the Brazilian people want to demonstrate that they have
some intelligence, then they'll stop cutting down the rainforest, which is the equatorial life support of our
planet.
If the United Nations and if the American government want to demonstrate their intelligence, ther
hey will suggest that we should give credits to these countries for their oxygen production.
We can reclaim the deserts by these new technologies, by taking the water out of the oceans and
using it on the desert.
Where you run into the logjam, over and over with all these issues, is the question of energy.
How can we heal the ozone layer? It's going to take a tremendous amount of energy to do that. We
have to replenish the oxygen that's not getting into the stratosphere.
One of the fundamental points thạt I try to make is about chlorine. It is a molecular demon once it
gets into the ozone layer. One chlorine ion can interfere with the production of 100,000 molecules of
ozone. So we have to eliminate as much free chlorine and bromine as possible.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
107
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3197, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
But even if we entirely eliminated chlorine and bromine production, that would still not be enough
to heal the stratospheric ozone layer.
Another signıticant cause of ozone depletion, one that is often overlooked, is the reduction in the
amount of oxygen that should be transported into the stratosphere over the equatorial rainforests. Project
Earth has been trying to educate people to this fact since the mid-eighties. The oxygen source has literally
been cut off by deforestation. But we can heal that by reintroducing a tremendous amount of oxygen up
there, and replanting the forest down here, on Earth.
It will take energy. Lots of it.
Adams: Can you describe how your life has been endangered because of your perspectives on free
energy?
Trombly: If I had described my life to you since 1980, it would be a long, long story, and it would sound
like a bad spy novel.
I've had a number of attempts on my life through really serious poisonings. My wife has had to
revive me and give me CPR
So we've had a whole nightmare component to our life. But we don't live in a nightmare at all. It's
quite the opposite.
However, I must say that it has been almost unimaginable at times.
Once, in 1988, 1 was visited by a couple of scientists at my home in Colorado. One of them was
Bob Dratch, a man who has done a lot of work in creating microwave detection equipment, which is
widely used by the Department of Defense.
Basically, ! was standing in my oftice, which was a large room, 27 teet long, and Bob Dratch was
shaking change in his pocket, to demonstrate that his very sensitive microwave detector could pick up the
signal this jingling generated. The signal would appear on the meter and the printout.
I pointed the horn of the device at Dratch to measure the effect. And then, as I pointed the horn
surprise, lie alain genon the tiger anthe he red gi went the yind me of peatie. To our
My office was being microwaved!
1 walked into my back yard and tound the place where the signals were being broadcast. It was right
behind my house, in a little forest, right next to an engineering company that is well known for making
satellite antennas.
I clipped the cable to the antenna that was broadcasting microwaves at my house, and I called the
FCC in Denver. I said told them that this was illegal, and I wanted it stopped now. I said, "Stop
microwaving me." I already had cancer.
›ithin three week
omething to doree to the broadcast, orrie comediase left so sunsume they themselves harv
So dozens of people had to relocate to Kansas, or where ever.
But why were they trying to kill this body? We are perplexed at times by the strange modus
operandi of this group.
The world is not going around very well right now, because people aren't loving. When people love
they become geniuses. Intelligence isn't about thinking, it's about feeling. I don't care how many times the
force of darkness, which resists love, has attacked you and made you feel separate.
I don't care how ditticult anyone's lite has been. I guarantee you, l can match it. But suttering is
finite, it's limited, it's not eternal. You can transcend suffering through love.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
108
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 232, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
The resurrection we are called to is our resurrection. Once Jesus stood in front of Lazarus' tomb, and
commanded, "Lazarus, come out." And we are told that Lazarus came out.

Energy Invention Suppression Cases 109 September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 599, "chars": 3505, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That is similar to what is happening right now. Surrounding this planet, there is a gathering which is
inviting the human species into a new dimension. They are saying, "Lazarus come out, come out of your
subjective tomb and out of your corruption. Come out of your doubt of God and out of your doubt of
Love. In the midst of Intinity and Eternity, We command you."
Now, in this moment, we must come out and ask for help. When we can ask for help, we get it.
People don't understand that you become realized by incarnating love. We live only as expressions
of love, in eternity. The only thing that is eternal is Love. Love as the presence of consciousness is eternal
and infinite.
Time and space are subsets of eternity and intinity. Space and time are subjective states, and they
have nothing to do with limiting the ultımate reality of consciousness, not even a little bit. They have to
do with the gnarled subjective states of the contracted world.
Scientists talk about the accelerating expansion of the universe, but it's not that, it's the unremitting
transformation of the universe that's happening, the inescapable transformation of the universe.
‹ ou don't have a choice about it this time. It isn't the same as it was two thousand years ago. We are
in the midst of the time of the resurrection. It involves you and me and everyone on this planet, I don't
care who they are.
There will be miracles everywhere. The most powertul thing is love. The whole astrophysical
community is now acknowledging this power, but they call it the
Vader quality, because they don't know how to relate to the Light. It is the contraction of form and the
denial of the Infinite Divine that causes the appearance of darkness.
Adams: How long has there been a conspiracy to prevent the development of free energy?
Well, if you are referring to the technological side of things, I guess you could say it started with
Nikola Tesla. (Although the crucifixion was really an attempt to stop Free energy as well.)
te oy do the out great The liked boys elect that may be they cou hake use trim,
so they didn't kill him right away. They killed Tesla in 1943.
One of the detectives approached me in 1981, at a conference. This man told me that Tesla had been
murdered. So 1 guess you could say that it all began right there. When I was a kid in school, nobody knew
about Tesla. Tesla was the father of alternating current electricity. Tesla said he was inspired by aliens,
beings from other dimensions. He was anathematized because he refused to kowtow; he refused to attend
the same temple that the others worshipped in.
Adams: How can we make free energy available to the planet?
Trombly: There is no such thing as free energy without enlightenment and liberation. The technologie
›oint to free energy. We are the technology. We are the free energy
Great yogis like Sri Babaji demonstrate this. Yogananda talked about him. He was the physical
demonstration of tree energy. He was the physical demonstration of what the Tibetans called the Kainbow
Body. He was transparent and transtigured in God realization, the realization of the Buddha Nature.
i run ere bolt and it hot courage raise i would be machin an aim line
it to be perpetuated.
There's a transtormation that is occurring. It is about the liberation of all the energy that has beer
bound up in all of these worlds that are subject to corruption. That is the real physics. This is what is
really important.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
110
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 623, "chars": 3698, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the meantime, by understanding that this is true, we can tap into a tield that we call Zero Point
Vacuum Fluctuation or the quantum ether, and we can generate electrical power. Electrical power exists
in complete abundance, without any capital cost for tuel
Solar technology is so very expensive. We have 108 solar panels in our two facilities on Maui and it
takes up a great deal of space. I would love to have ZP Technology here, but the fact of the matter is, if I
had that working right now, this place would become a target.
The other side of this story is always the same thing. Just when Light appears on this planet, the
subjective forces of darkness manifest with great tenacity. This government was overthrown and nobody
knows anything about it. People are silent about it.
On the cover of Newsweek, on September 11, was an article about the secret vote that made Bush
president. The article was about a conspiracy in the Supreme Court. Newsweek at that time was willing to
challenge the Supreme Court. The Executive Branch of the United States government was about to fall,
because it was going to be exposed.
But then the planes hit the World Trade Center.
If Al Gore had been elected, I know the man well enough to know that we would have been in a
different economy after four years. We would've begun to implement these technologies.
The United States government has, right now, the technology to eliminate the energy crisis. This
consoling gesture that George Bush made the other day, about developing hydrogen tuel-cell technology,
is just a carrot that he's dangling before the American people.
Now there are military people who have come forward and are talking about the presence of aliens
and alien technology on this planet. They are even talking about the fact that we are making our own
flying saucers. This Disclosure Project is extremely important for people to know about (see Secrets from
the Stars elsewhere in this issue).
We could be having the greatest economic boom in the history of history. We could actually do that.
The technology exists. As early as the 1970s. Henry Kissinger. George Bush. Richard Nixon — all kinds
of these guvs — knew about this physics. But the downside is that we are on the brink of oblivion.
Parents are paying all this money to educate their children into the lie of physics instead of the truth
of physics. Meanwhile, they are taking Prozac. We have legalized the anesthetization of our species.
Depression is appropriate.
Adams: What is the purpose of your organization, Project Earth.
Condition of our plane. Were nor being told the ruin about i Por the most pl
doesn't know the truth and has been so disempowered by their so-called education that they've lost vision.
Vision is the only thing that will save us. You have to be able to see where you're going.
The agreement that I made with the Divine is one that Bucky and I talked about. We would never
just illuminate the problem, we would always offer a solution. If we talked about an energy crisis, we
would talk about only it in the context of the fact that there is no energy crisis.
Electrical power is already abundantly available, pollution free. We like electricity. We can power
our cars and flying saucers with infinite electrical power. We could have so much fun that living on earth
wouldn't be a drag, but would be really great.
Your eyes would be so open that you would walk out the door and you wouldn't see the smog in
Los Angeles, but you'd see the clear, sacred air.
Project Earth is not just about communicating the problems. It's about the transformation of
humanity.
(End of interview transcript)
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
111
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3575, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Adam Trombly, Direcțor of Project Earth, is an internationally acknowledged expert in the fields of
physics, atmospheric dynamics, geophysics, rotating and resonating electromagnetic systems, and
environmental global modeling.
Taking the advice of his friend and mentor R. Buckminster Fuller, Adam has maintained a
'synergistic, global view within a mult-disciplinary scientitic background. From this perspective, Adam
offers unique insights into the changes humankind has effected on our environment, and the adjustments
our future requires of us.
For further information about Project Earth, please visit ProjectEarth.com.
Trombly and Celeste Adams spoke on January 21, 2002.
Adam Trombly (Speech): Climate Change Factors, Ozone Layer Crisis, and Zero Point Energy
Technologies
As this is the last speech of the conterence here, I'm going to give an overview of the development
of zero point theory and I'm going to try and take into account all of you have been very patient...
The basic principle which we are obviously here to address, was originally elaborated by Nikola
Tesla. The sense that Nikola Tesla conveyed of existence was, if not unique, then certainly it was
profoundly inspired, not so much by initial analysis but by initial vision.
We have become a rather lett brain biased society, an analytıcally biased society. As a result of this
analytical bias we tend to refute or deny the validity of intuitive jumps or intuitive leaps and insight.
lesla was an extraordinarily prolitic inventor obviously, but in addition to being a prolitic inventor,
he explored very thoroughly, for his time, the dimension of the psyche. And 1 think that perhaps too otten
we tend to forget that he himself claimed that the source of his inspiration was not conventional.
He saw what he built, and then he described it to a draftsman, and built it. The draftsman was his
interface with substance. To consider that when he was riding in his carriage or his Pierce Arrow here in
Colorado Springs, not too far from where we are right now, he would often see devices in their totality.
spontaneously....
is quite remarkable. (1 myselt have seen descriptions with drawings of some of lesla s
complicated machines. Genuinely amazing! Gary Vesperman)
When you see something in its totality, it tends to have a ditterent meaning than it you tried to put
the pieces of the universe back together to arrive at a conclusion. Tesla insisted that he rested in the
conclusion in his own psyche. I think this is very important. Tesla was not an analytical apologist; ne was
not somebody who made gestures to the scientific community to make himself necessarily acceptable in
his time. What was acceptable was that he produced. The means by which he produced were often
unacceptable, especially in the last couple of decades.
Therefore, we heard a lot about Thomas Edison, and we heard a lot in our education about just
about everybody else except Nikola Tesla. The reason I'm sure this Society exists is this left a vacuum, a
luge vacuum that is not merely tilled by the acknowledgment of Nikola Tesla. but by the
icknowledgment of the tunction of a human being, the tunction of a being not being polarızed to the let
hemisphere, but balanced to the two hemispheres of the brain, in other words vision coupled with
analysıs.
In the development of our generator, which we originally called the "Acyclic Closed Magnetic
such as the law of induction, for example, that particular cornerstone was not necessarily as we believed it
to be.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
112
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 733, "chars": 4426, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What stimulated me, and I've said this before, since 1980, was the recognition that certain
astrophysical phenomena express energies in excess of what the apparent input is. This is a very common
thing in astrophysics, whether you're talking about quasi-stellar objects, or whether you're talking about
the planet Jupiter.
When we first found out that the planet Jupiter was developing a looped current between itself and
the moon lo, Jupiter was called, in a paper published by a Goddard scientist at NASA, a "Homopolar
generator.
They tried to rationalize that the relative motion between the moon lo and Jupiter was actually
responsible for the current that we could measure by virtue of its magnetic flux tube as tested by satellite
probe. But when you went through some very simple calculations, you tound that was not true.
So we decided that we would look into the matter of "Homopolar"
who came up with it, as Bruce DePalma and others have pointed out. Even Mergo Michael Faraday dia
an experiment on December 2oth, 1831, in which he co-rotated a magnet with a copper disk and measured
a current output. Even though he had done that experiment, his own law of induction tended to ignore that
A protessor with the Royal Society in London, a protessor of science history, told me that the
original Faraday cage was designed not to keep electromagnetic noise out, but to keep Michael in. You
see he played with a substance we call mercury, and in those days there was very little appreciation for the
toxicity of mercury. And so Faraday apparently suffered from a form of dementia, which we've heard
very little about because it's one of the cornerstones of the building we have been living in, in science.
We found out after we found Faraday's diary, after we found the citations of the experiments that he
had done, that there was a gentleman by the name of Bruce DePalma in Santa Barbara, California, who
had suggested that on the basis of the co-rotation of a magnet and a conductor, which we were at that time
contemplating ourselves, it might be possible to generate more energy out from the generator than input
I must say that my initial response to that was probably not as skeptical as some people might be
when they heard such a thing, because in the fields of astronomy and astrophysics it is not uncommon, not
uncommon at all to find an object that is obviously exceeding what we "know" to be its thermonuclear, or
any other form, it's exceeding the output that it could possibly have by thermonuclear means, by fusion,
by fission, by anything we normally consider.
And so, because we had seen that already in space there was this planet Jupiter clearly being a
demonstration of what we initıally considered to be an anomaly. Clearly putting out three times as much
energy as it could possibly be receiving from the sun. We decided to reduce to practice a form of
Lendingo" wilh the intention of practical commercial use, and through various good fortunes we arrived at
We actually, for this field in those days, got substantial funding. And as a result of that work, we
applied for a patent in 1980 which was, as many of you know, denied by the U.S. Patent Office as being
implausible to the extreme. The statement was to the effect that, "This device could not even generate
electricity." It wasn't that it couldn't generate electricity in excess of input, it was that the machine
couldn't generate electricity at all. The patent officer himself was, as many of us, as all of us basically
that he hay nots might a been something Clare go on ada lay it seal setict
My initial naiveté in entering this field was rapidly destroyed.
We felt that if we could produce a practical, commercial, viable unit, then the world would be ver
xcited indeed. And what we discovered instead was we were dealing with a protound level of inertia
inertia in a frame of reference we didn't normally consider.
Economic inertia, intellectual stasis and dogma. Certainly the explorers in this field, over time,
whether it's myself, or Bruce DePalma, or Tewari or going back to Moray, Tesla, Hubble. These people
all discovered this inertia. It is an astonishing thing when you tirst encounter it. It is irrational. It says that
no, indeed the Earth is the center and everything revolves around it. And the moons around Jupiter
couldn't possibly be doing that what you say.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
113
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 4152, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jalileo wasn't vindicated by the Catholic Church until 1984. It we took that many centuries to
acknowledge zero point vacuum fluctuation-based technologies. we will all be dead. And that's the
sobering realization that I have come to over the last five years.
Buckminster Fuller was a huge influence in my life. I met him when I was sixteen years old and
largely because of his influence I wasn't permanently lost in space; lost in the theoretical level of things.
And therefore, when I began to encounter this resistance he said something that was very important to me.
He said that every new idea, every new technology, every major breakthrough, has an inevitable period of
but instead a resistahat to arenallynai shis in thesis about the universe fed upon this technology,
We have tended to describe ourselves in discrete terms, as encapsulated beings, with rather defined
boundary layers, both temporally and spatially.
We're born and wẹ die. The boundaries of our body are the boundaries of our being. Inspiration has
a difficult time entering into a closed bottle. Where would it come from? Where would it appear?
How could Nikola Tesla say he got ideas from space? He was considered a very eccentric and crazy
man as a result of his statements. People point out that he always had all these napkins piled up next to his
plate. But by the end of his lite, people had forgotten that his vision is what is powering these lights. And
if we had continued with his vision, we wouldn't have a fossil fuel economy today. And J.P. Morgan and
Rockefeller and a number of other individuals would not have amassed extraordinary fortunes on the
basis of that fossil fuel economy.
I think this is extremely important for us to understand because when Nikola Tesla's vision was
denied, a part of our own vision was denied. Just as when Galileo's vision was denied. The fact of the
1a gras citance of ten the finedy courth pover ris per chine Your med to bo tay
the literature. That ninety-fourth power grams per cubic centimeter represents a rather coherent state. It
represents something that we could very easily call a continuum.
But because of the taboo against the idea that you might perhaps be able to get water from the well
ot space, or what people call "perpetual motion"
", there has not been a sense of any kind of practical
application.
Once in a seminar, well over a decade ago, I asked a question I found was extraordinarily taboo, and
Spoil, Spy since 1951 and 192, that only die the fluctuatin the diest, a in tuation be i
extraordinary energy equivalence. And that the vacuum field was bias able; that it was polarizable.
The polarizablity of a vacuum, fluctuation background, I believe is the essential issue, and a very
simple issue indeed that we need to really consider.
David Deutch in 1982 explored briefly in a book called "General Relativity," on Einstein's
centenary, which was edited by Hawking, considered very briefly the fact that not only is the vacuum
polarizable in terms of density, but that an ideal theoretical situation density polarization could
asymmetrically approach infinite density and asymmetrically approach negative energy density. That
means that within the vacuum fluctuation itself, stress can be created. That means that the vortical
lynamıc that Tewari speaks of 1s really not that ditticult to imagine, because you have fluctuation density
hat wishes to remain isotropic. or uniformly distributed. disrupted
I, in a curved manifold, and
that vacuum density once polarized wants to relax from that stress back into a more isotropic state.
Anybody who studies vortical physics, fluid dynamics, plasma dynamics knows that there is no
greater stress than that by which we invoke a vortical momentum. And therefore it is not hard to imagine,
I we simply consider the fact that we are dealing with a medium of this extraordinary density. It is no
lard to imagine or even begin to feel that just by simply biasing this field in a rotating cylinder or perhaps
in an oscillating circuit, by biasing this field correctly, we can precipitate vortical momentum.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
114
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 3963, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
is occurring all the time.
Ning me come. Pra base gunmen how er here an out poor a is that guation
electron, instead of annihilating with its anti-particle, might indeed be distracted along the potential and
find its way into what we refer to very blithely as manitestation.
It doesn't necessarily take giga-electron-volts for this to occur. And that's why Tewari, DePalma,
myself and others speak of the generation of power from space.
We need to very simply and seriously consider that it's already in the literature. It isn't just in the
literature of the fringe; It's in the literature now even of Physical Review since 1975. Review of Modern
Physics, since 1962. And in the European literature since the 1950's. It's a remarkable thing that because
of the bias against so-called "perpetual motion",
', or so-called, "free energy".
" that nobody seems to want to
extrapolate what is implicitly obvious.
The atom itself can then be seen as a dynamic modification of field space. Only a dynamic
modification of field space, with no quality of stasis what so ever.
Harold Putoff, in his May 15th, 1987 article in Physical Review, pointed out that in order for the
hydrogen atom in its ground state not to collapse, it had to be absorbing energy from the fluctuation
background. In this moment. This is not something that happened at T equals zero - before the Big Bang.
This is something happening at this moment, real time present context, now with every atom and
molecule that we see configured before us. It is happening right now.
It is wondertul to have Dr. Puthott describe this energy in terms of the Bohr atom. It is implicit that
the electron orbit dissipates energy. If we consider that to be a resonant shell with no locatable density
bias, then it still pertains because the atom itself, even in its ground state, resonates in space.
Obviously it must be, or else it couldn't exist. The electron itself must be spontaneously appearing
out of the background field. If it was not spontaneously persisting then we have to invoke the somewhat
Neanderthal concept that everything had to start at a certain moment. And because we have embraced this
new cosmology of the Big Bang in the last couple of decades, we have some real problems.
This is not the best forum to go into this in great detail, but I will say this - the Universe is clumpy.
That's a term that is used trequently in astrophysics to describe the tact that mass is not unitormly or
isotropically distributed. It is simply not. On a large-scale basis with models that have assimilated data
from observatories from all over the world, especially over the last few years, we have seen that the
Universe we observe is indeed clumpy. It is in fact concentrated in a way that cannot be the artifact of a
Big Bang.
Now that's a bold statement. Alfven (Swiss Nobel Laureate), famous for Alfven waves, has come
up with an extraordinarily beautiful description of the plasma dynamics of space. And so far, interesting
o note, although he was considered to be a complete heretic when he came out with his theory, every
single observation we have made trom space with satellite probes, has confirmed his predictions. I think i
very important that everybody here who is interested in the reality in which we adhere, become famıliar
with either the esoteric or the exoteric level of Alfven's work. It's just beginning to appear in the
literature. I think Discover magazine had a rather prosaic presentation of it, but it was also quite good.
(June "88; the "Big Bang Never Happened.")
begin to cons as to tact that something thin a granny balance or sure entere need to
centimeter, which is our body, must be a rather insignificant modification of a field that has a potential of
ten to the ninety-fourth power/grams per cubic centimeter.
This impacts the way in which we live together; it impacts the way in which we live with the Earth
itself.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
115
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3414, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And I would suggest to you, atter considerable study of the subject, which is now becoming
accepted in the Iterature worldwide, that we cannot sustain the dynamic of human existence any longer
unless we begın to transcend the arbitrary, subjective boundaries that we presume to be true. Whether
these boundaries are about ourselves, or all phenomena of manitest existence, until we begin to move
beyond this anal-retentive state, in which everything must be particularized. Everything being
particularized, leaves Humpty Dumpty.
We will never be able to re-assemble existence.
As Fuller pointed out to me at an early age, "existence is already implicitly whole, we break it into
parts only in our minds only."
It is already unified whether or not we have a unified field theory or not. And as Einstein suggested
at his last series of lectures at the Advanced Institute at Princeton, "perhaps we can only appreciate the
unified field by entering a conscious relationship with it."
Again, this is something that would not have been at all contrary to what Nikola Tesla proposed,
and yet some people would be embarrassed to say it.
I think we need to very succinctly consider that we cannot continue to burn fossil fuels on this
planet, and that we really haven't found anything to do with our nuclear waste.
And that the appearance of bona-tide third party contirmation of the generation of energy from
space is a significant event in history. It's not significant because it will make a few men popular, or
unpopular. It's not significant because it will somehow create a minor change in our concept of being. It's
significant because it represents a dramatic shift that we desperately need to embrace.
Right now we are sitting at the edge of an unprecedented human catastrophe on this planet. A friend
of mine, Sayed Sayed (sp?), at Texas A&M who has for twenty years been a climatologist, in an elegant
experiment recently carried out in Antarctica, has shown clearly that if we lose between 6% and 7% more
of the remaining stratospheric ozone the phytoplankton in the oceans will die.
The phytoplankton in our oceans contribute 50% of the oxygen that we enjoy on this planet. It is
extremely important to point out that prior to the appearance of photosynthesizing biomass; oxygen was a
trace gas which basically appeared through the natural transitions of H2O.
We simply cannot afford to lose any more oxygen than we already have. At this moment, literally
hundreds of millions of internal combustion engines are running. A six-cylinder engine, of normal
displacement, consumes eight hundred thousand (800,000) cubic centimeters of oxygen per hour. This
transforms the breathable oxygen into combustion by-products, an entire spectrum of combustion
products.
named soc in denery. Remember that to a nigger in 103 Prip mes lomy
figures and reports are likely to be even worse now in 2007? Gary Vesperman)
Conting the tacone at meboi call diskie and return agent it ad specto lave you
sustainable environment. Because as oxygen tensions decrease even a tew percent in the troposphere,
ozone tensions decrease disproportionately. This is because there is a column of oxygen and other gases
that rises from the biosphere to the troposphere and then to the stratosphere. It is on the basis of the
mixture of these gases, that we have ozone in the atmosphere.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
116
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 792, "chars": 4686, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I would suggest that we can not attord to wait to demand that serious money is applied to this
esearch, Federal money. We need this to happen desperately and we need this to happen immediately
nd for those of us who feel that we can be blasé, and wait and wait and wait until somehow thi
becomes açceptable, (the implementation of this new kind of technology) let me just say that if we think
we can wait; we're sorely deluded.
You wonder why there is a drought in Ethiopia. You hear in Time magazine that the so-called
scientists can't figure out why there is a drought. Well, Ethiopia at the beginning of the century was
covered by 43% forest. Ethiopia today is covered by less than 4% forest. How is the hydraulic cycle
supposed to maintain itself?
This at first, this entire consideration at first, seemed to be in rather left field of the consideration of
energy generation. But, as 1 began to explore it turther and turther and lectured around the worla, 1 began
to discover that most of the human race has been entirely uninformed. Some people have suggested this is
rather conspiratorial. The slides you are going to see in just a minute have been available, some of them,
tor several years. We finally got a few of them on CNN December 25th (1987?)
i think when you see them you're going to realize why they are so signiticant. And as always I
vould like to thank Richard Underwood of NASA. now retired. for providing these images. Thev are ir
the public domain, but anyone who has tried to get photographic data from the NASA space flight
program, especially during the Reagan Administration, will find that it is a very difficult thing to do. As a
matter of fact, most of the infrared photography is now stored at AMES, and you can't get into the
building. Even though this material is not classified, the building itself is off limits.
I would like to have the lights dimmed, and I would like to show these slides and then we can go on
from there. We can discuss in more detail about this and other things.
This is the way clouds are supposed to look over the rain forest. These are healthy clouds. These
clouds are appearing over the Northern Congo area and this photograph was taken in the mia-seventies
from Skylab. Cumulonimbus, stratocumulus, very beautiful cloud formations and an extraordinary density
of water vapor as you can see.
Next slide. This is what the
ground looks like atter vou get rid of the forest. This picture isn't trom
Africa, it's from Brazil; but literally millions of hectares worldwide look like this today. You can see that
the watershed to this river, which is the Sao Paulo River, has been almost totally devastated. You can see
that evaporation would occur rather rapidly instead of in a moderated sense through the membrane canopy
of the forest.
The next slide shows the way clouds look atter you do this. By the way, this is the same coordinate
almost exactly, taken trom the space Shuttle in 1984, as the slides show big billowy beautiful clouds from
Skylab ten years earlier. What you see beneath this cloudbank is now desert. So the cloud building is no
longer healthy. Instead of that nice kind of veil of water vapor, you see an extraordinary, Los Angeles
Dust that has been lifted and aerosolized and now remains in chronic suspension over much of the
African continent. The clouds are flat. The convective, humid currents that rosé from the rain forest no
longer carry water vapor in significant quantities.
(At the end of the above "Charles N. Pogue: 200+ MPG Carburetor" suppression case, this writer,
Gary Vesperman, mentioned that he had taken an introduction to meteorology class given by University
of Wisconsin-Madison climatology professor Dr. Reid Bryson. One memorable lesson was a study
Bryson had conducted of why the Harappan Empire of ancient India had failed. Due to over-grazing by
sheep and goats, the Harappan Empire's land had become barren. Each drop of rain is comprised of
enough water vapor coalescing around a single dust particle that it becomes heavy enough to fall.
Bryson discovered that increasing dust in the air can reach a critical point where there are so many
dust nuclei per unit volume that none of the drops of water can become heavy enough to fall as rain. A
feedback cycle then starts up where lack of rain causes even more dust to be stirred up into the
atmosphere. More dust causes even less rain to develop.
Bryson's suggested simple solution? Stop goats and sheep from over-grazing the land so as to allow
the land to re-vegetate and keep down the dust. The feedback cycle then reverses itself - causing more
and more rain to fall.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
117
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 583, "chars": 3423, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Currently the American southwestern states are enduring the worst drought in many decades. Are
they about to suffer the same fate as the Harappan Empire?)
There was a great effort, a joint effort of the United Nations and several other countries to seed what
clouds remain to see if the hydraulic cycle could be restored. Unfortunately somebody forgot to plant
anything under the seeded clouds, so the desert is now growing. The Sahara desert is now growing six
niles per vear and is three thousand miles across. This is significant.
Next slide please. This is to give you an idea of the scale. We are not looking at the desert floor
here. We are looking at a pall of dust that stretches as far as the eye can see, to the curvature of the Earth.
Twenty-five maybe twenty-eight thousand square miles here. This area all used to be called the sub-
Sahara and now is moving into the Sahara. Flat clouds, no rain.
The next slide will show you conclusively that when you see breaks in the pattern, you have a
deeper understanding of the optical density. This density is equivalent to a critical day in Los Angeles.
This again is chronic and has serious ramifications for us on this continent. Serious ramifications.
This has happened because somebody denied vision. This has happened because when in 190
Nikola lesla said that tossil tuels would one day create a corruption in the entire atmosphere of the Earth
he was called eccentric. Next slide please.
consider the area involved, and consider the fact that this is now being visited on our country.
Alaska in the last three weeks has lost 750,000 acres to fire. The Secretary of the Interior, Hodel,
said, "Let Nature take its course." They saved part of Yellowstone that was close to Old Faithful, but
decided that the rest of the wildlite habitat was expendable.
And this while we are spending hundreds of millions of dollars producing neutron bombs and other
clean kill weapons, which can never be used and God forbid that they ever should be.
The next slide please. This is Junguoy (sp?) Bay on the coast of Madagascar, and it is not
incharacteristic of bays all over the world now. This 1s what happens atter the detorestation and atter th
fires. This bay was over six hundred feet deep twenty years ago.
vow vou can walk across it during thr
dry season it is so filled with silt. This is happening now, today. It is not theoretical. We have to move
Next slide please. This beautitul lake was called Chad. Lake Chad was the size of Lake Erie. Lake
Chad supported 1.8 million human beings in peripheral agriculture and fisheries. The next slide is Lake
It's the hole that was left when the hydrological cycle was destroyed in Africa. This is not a cyclical
The water vapor budget on this planet is being changed dramatically because we have failed to feel
beyond our own little subjective event horizons. We tend to exist like psychic black holes. We take a lot
and give too little.
1 few years ago 1 pointed out at the fourth International conterence on Atmospheric that the
drought of 1986 and 1988 would occur. Now they have occurred. They are not going to cease because we
don't want them to occur. They are not going to cease until we realize that we need to mobilize every
democracy on this planet, and hopefully this will someday soon include the Soviet Union, to implement
this new class of technologies.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
118
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 3879, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
technologies. Whether you call it an
We cas. atheist hose ali by laming ine sometime see these to be is ille
continue to evolve.
By utilizing this energy which we can get directly from the "vacuum" of space, we can desalinate
and re-irrigate. The Israelis if nothing else have shown us that you can resurrect a desert. We are going to
need to resurrect a planet. We cannot posture ourselves and say that national security comes before the
security of the human race. It is the security of the human race in total that is now threatened.
This is the last slide. I'm only going to show eleven slides today. I think they speak for themselves.
This is a veil of dust that stretches out towards the horizon across the Atlantic Ocean, reaching from the
Caribbean Sea, in the lower portion, all the way to the African coast. This is not a phenomenon that
occurred in one year. This is a phenomenon that occurs every year - between eight and nine million
square kilometers this year. (8-9,000,000 square miles)
This dust acts as condensation nuclei for water vapor causing precipitation in the south, over water,
in Honduras, in Nicaragua, while the Midwest and Southeast are parched.
We are changing the way things work, and we haven't even begun to inspect the ramifications. It
isn't just the "Greenhouse Effect"; it's a much more complex issue.
Only by stepping over the threshold into a more synergistic view, which is not just a kind of
convenient term bandied about for the sake of the "New Age,
" but only by entering into a more
synergistic view which acknowledges the inherent coherence of phenomena, can we begin to comprehend
the fact that when you do something here it affects something over there. In quantum geometrodynamics,
actually in a number of other studies, what we call action at a distance, in a coherent field, distance is not
I hope that this all has said something. Fuller's suggestion was that Project Earth should either
determine whether there was a reason why we had to implement these technologies, or whether it was no
big deal.
"Can we last longer? - I need to get my next grant from DuPont." To produce more
chlorofluorocarbons? "Yes, it does seem that it might have that effect, but if I say that in the literature
than I am defying my contract."
Scientific integrity, which used to be something that characterized science, is something that is
sadly lacking in too much of the scientitic community. Too many have become grant whores and parasitic
on society, posturing themselves as authorities, condemned to the inertia of the past and past
conceptualizations of reality.
year old child, a vely nice aed sily. And sad all yoden to do is get holdor dae 1986 fiscal yeao
"Request for Proposals" published by the Department of Defense.
Look on page 193 of that document, and you will see something very interesting. In AF section.
which is Air Force section 86-77 subsection 6, you will see that a government which denies the reality of
zero point technologies is requesting ....
including the zero point dynamic fluctuations of Space."
ut we want you to research it it you have a bona tide organization that happens to be a prime
ontractor with triple security clearance. This for propulsion for the Air Force when the entire human race
is threatened. Now there is a certain kind of insanity somewhere implicit in that. It's in the literature; you
can order a copy from Project Earth, or call the Pentagon. This is not a classified document. I won't get in
trouble for saying anything. This is actually a program that is ongoing, right now, today, within the
rovernment enclave. Call Los Alamos and ask a question about it. and you might get a very long silence
on the other end. Call Lawrence Livermore Laboratories and their Aberdeen Testing grounds. The same
phenomenon will probably occur.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
119
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 704, "chars": 4160, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A significant amount of funding is going to make sure that this irrelevant, mythical phenomena is
applied to weapons systems and weapons-carrying systems. Something is very wrong about that. I don't
believe that anybody sitting in this room would say that it's in the best interest of our people, or any
people of the world, for this kind of technology to be applied outside the realm of civilian application at
such a time.
Six to seven percent further depletion in stratospheric ozone, and we are seeing depletion rate trends
that indicate that this level of loss will occur very easily within the next two decades.
Those of us who
have really considered this, and as you consider it more and more I'm sure you'll realize that two decades
pass very quickly, for all of us. It doesn't give us time, as I said before for subjectivity.
This field has survived, but not on the basis of being acceptable in the literature. Tewari has tried to
publish. I know the IEEE (International Electrical and Electronic Engineers) is involved in this
conference, but Tewari tried to publish in IEEE and was summarily rejected. Many of us have tried to
ublish and have been rejected. The reason Tewari even bothered to try to duplicate this 'Acyclic Closec
Magnetic Generator." after vears of correspondence with DePalma, was because he was able to convince
some mechanical engineers that it had some engineering method. You see they actually did material stress
analysis.
We also analyzed. We used beryllium copper for a reason. It's just engineering. There are a lot of
you in this room who are perfectly capable of doing it. There was nothing magical. We just operated on a
different presumption. We said, "Maybe this experiment will work." And if it doesn't work, well then it's
like 88% of the rest of them. If it does work, heh, then there is another level of confirmation.
Robert Kinchloe, Protessor Emeritus of Stantord University, went to visit the, how can we call it,
encumbered "Sunburst Machine"
. This machine was originally developed by DePalma, Richardson and
Bernard at Sunburst Farms, Santa Barbara, California. Dr. Kinchloe just out of curiosity of his own mind,
decided that he would just see if there was something about it that was unusual. He presented a paper on
it, and I understand that it only got to Bruce through somebody else. But that's not unusual; my own
attorney has directed my attention to an article I never knew existed. It's funny about that.
It's funny when representatives from our own Government look me straight in the eye and say,
"Yes we know this is real, but we wonder why you would disclose it to foreign nations?"
I said, "I didn't disclose it to foreign nations. It was in an international publication in 1982, and I
didn't even know about it."
I would suggest to you that it's time for us to not simply entertain a curiosity. I would suggest to
you that it's time tor us to enter a human process of inter-relationship, to try to attempt to reintegrate
ourselves with one another and not in a floaty kind of "new age" sense necessarily at all. Just call ten
people and ask them to each call ten people and tell them that we have an emergency on our hands.
Demand that the people we are hiring represent us, supposedly, not the major corporations. We are hiring
these people to represent US! Which one of you has the power to lobby in Washington?
We need to send a very clear message to Washington that states, "Gee, don't you think it's silly to
be talking about Star Wars? We're only talking about Global Genocide." This without doing anything
except for what we are doing right now. We don't have to drop a bomb or fight a war. Just continue
exactly as we are now. All we have to do is remain in this collective state of inertia. And I don't
occasion. I don't believe it for a second.
But, I do believe we need first to understand what we are confronted with. And then we need to
understand that we can do something about it. We need to act, and we need to act like somebody who is
being chased by a hot poker, or someone who cares.
Whichever your response is, Act!
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
120
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 756, "chars": 4442, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So, I wanted to try to give a wrap-up and I wanted to cite the fact that we wouldn't be here if it
weren't for somebody's vision. Yes, their vision was applied. Yes, their vision, his vision, Nikola Tesla's
vision was brought into life. Otherwise he would have been a mere mystic, wouldn't he?
Yes, we do have to sit down with our Macintoshes, or sit with our Hewlet Packard 41C calculators.
We had a lot ot money (tor this tield). A total between the two phases of the experiment of about
$200,000. And now I'm finally happy to say it looks like it's going to be produced, or at least this one is
going to be produced. It looks like
DePalma is also moving into that modality.
We are certainly hoping that more people will come out of the woodworks and say, "Hey, well I've
had this thing for the last thirty years. But I was told that if I brought it out into the public when I was
working at Los Alamos twenty years ago, they would basically permit character assassination to ensue."
t's hard to believe in some ways, and I don't want to paint a black picture, but I think we have to
ee the end of times when the New York Times calls a National Center of Atmospheric Research scientist
answer", You done eyesid the kind of pressure re under here People cares are in copardy.
This when all our lives are at stake.
So I would like to open the floor to questions....
...I raised a question in another seminar about the oxygen depletion, and the speaker told me that
even if we were to kill all the forests at once it would take a very long time tor the oxygen to dissipate out
of the atmosphere....
We are talking about a change in the mixture of gases, okay? There are people who say that even it
you combusted all the carbon on the Earth, biomass and post-biomass, the oil reserves, everything, there
would still 75 of the oxygen in the atmosphere. Unfortunately, they tail to take certain things into
account. For example:
roday we sit, and it you knew what we went through to get this acknowledged in the world pres.
And it would take me an hour to tell you), but we now have it publicly acknowledged by NASA that we
have between a 2.3% and 6.6% depletion in world wide atmospheric ozone depending on latitude and
time of year. This not taking into account the rather large depression over Antarctica.
When this level of ozone depletion occurs, the level of ultra-violet influx increases the probability
of photosynthesis in the lower atmosphere. So, the Oz is preferentially converted into H2O3 for example.
This would normally only appear in great quantities after a lighting storm in the past.
We have a lot of H20z in the atmosphere. We have a lot of O3 in the troposphere, which until very
in large quantities in rural
when the Department of Agriculture had to admit that 2.6 billion dollars worth of crops were being
destroyed per year by ozone alone.
So the photosynthetic reaction that is occurring as the result of increased ultra-violet influx must be
taken into account if we are going to begin to understand what is going to be sustainable in terms of
oxygen tensions. It is the mixture of gases that rise trom the biosphere through the troposphere and into
the stratosphere that determines the tension of ozone, O3.
The Nimbus satellite, by the way which NASA has conveniently said is out of calibration even
though it was in fine calibration last September, and in almost perfect agreement with the instrumentation
on the ground in Antarctica. Which by the way at the center of the Antarctic hole, six miles up, we had
6% depletion levels last year (1987). The jumpsuits worn by some of my friends from the Center foi
Atmospheric Research, please understand there are a lot of good people there, people there I respect a lot
their nylon jumpsuits were actually degraded by ultra-violet exposure in just one flight. Several people
had serious eye injuries.
Now anybody who is going to suggest that this type of intlux is not going to ettect the species of
molecules that we have in the atmosphere, and the mixture of those gases, is denying an extremely
mportant fact. So whereas I'm not suggesting we re all going to die of anoxia, what's going to happer
vhen the phytoplankton in the oceans die? They are the basis of the entire oceanic food chain. If you are
not familiar with them, they are the little critters that actually made all this possible. This conference
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
121
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3467, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I think we need to realize that we are sponsored by living things, and we need to support them so
they can support us. Does that answer your question?
Yes, thanks.
It occurs to me that the resurrection of Nikola lesla's vision and other people who have had the
vision of the quantum ether, may yet be called on for a second oftering. I think it's a good time to invest
in this second offering of free energy. We did not invest the last time and now we are paying for it. I don't
want to see anybody suffer. What will it be like in ten years, when already the American Cancer Society
says that even with sunscreen protection ratings of 15 SPF, direct sun exposure should be limited to an
hour?
1 hope the Tesla Society will prosper, and move into a new age of manufacturing, implementation
and further development. I want what has happened so far to be totally obsolete in ten years. One kilowatt
in your pocket, why not?
There 1s absolutely no reason why not. You've got ten to the ninety-tourth power, grams per cubic
centimeter energy equivalent field. It's not in a great big area, but it's a Lot of energy. If we can just
scrape the surface, ever so slightly, we would never have to worry about it again.
That's what Nikola Tesla was scheduled to tell Franklin Delanor Roosevelt back in 1943. In 1943
he had proposed to FDR that perhaps we should look caretully at the tact that we can get all the energy
we need trom any space we happen to be in.
He didn't show up for his meeting with the president. He was found dead in his apartment, "Natural
causes."
There is some suspicion that maybe his visionary paranoia of poisoning was not exactly paranoia, ...
but premonition.
I have never mentioned this before, but when I spoke at the 1981 Conference at the University of
Toronto, a detective, an older gentleman from New York, with a heavy New York accent, approached me
afterwards and said that he was a detective at the time when Tesla had been found dead, and said he was
He said, for national security reasons, that nobody was to know that the coroner's report had
indicated he had been poisoned.
I have never personally read the coroner's report, but the man was about the right age. He showed
me a badge, and I had no reason to doubt this man who had come all the way up to Toronto from New
York, just to tell somebody after all those years.
, reper that Teal had ben poisoned the i got out then ma ten called
the beginning. And they also say perhaps that he was killed by the Nazis.
I did not really want to mention all this, but science cannot exist in an environment where science is
not allowed to grow.
Any other questions? Well, you have all been a tremendously patient group. Thank you for your
attention.
Thank you Adam.
Em-Tech Technologies: Advanced Solar Photo-Voltaic Crystal Lattice Cells
In 1989, during another flight of the Space Shuttle Atlantis, the U.S. military photographed a newly
launched Soviet communications satellite in geo-synchronous orbit above Moscow. There were several
things about the new Soviet satellite which were unusual. First, spectroscopic investigation of the
signature of the satellite revealed the familiar tell-tale presence of nuclear material located in the aft
section of the satellite. It was presumed (incorrectly, it later turned out) that this signature confirmed that
the satellite was, indeed, powered by a small on-board thermo-nuclear reactor.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
122
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 703, "chars": 4692, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What did not make sense, though, was the fact that the power requirements, which American
military analysts believed were needed to support the variety of functions being performed by the Soviet
satellite, were believed to consume considerably more power than could possibly be produced by a
nuclear reactor of the kind and size believed to be installed and operating on the satellite.
Further, the photographs revealed the presence of a peculiar kind of parabolic dish suspended from
he nose of the satellite. It was shaped like the much larger satellite receiving dishes commonly used br
television viewers in the West. The peculiar thing about this dish was that it was very small, less than
three teet in diameter, and had a very flat parabolic surtace. Ihis meant that it did not focus the signal
hey presumed it received onto any boom-mounted collector or decoder device. No such device was
mounted on or attached to the dish.
"inally, it appeared to be constructed of a material or combination of materials which was unknown
at the time, but which appeared to be highly reflective, almost like a mirror. Interestingly enough, the dish
was also apparently transparent to interstellar signals which originated behind it. For years it was believed
that the strange parabolic device was a special kind of high-gain directional antenna. That assumption
later proved to be totally false.
In fact, information reçently supplied by the I.N. Frantsevich Institute for Problems of Materials
Science (IPMS), Kiev, Ukraine, to support several of its patent applications contirms that the dish was
constructed of the same crystalline lattice material which is used to construct the interior of exceptional
energy storage devices, but built with some very special teatures. The purpose of the device was to
convert sunlight and other ambient wavelengths of energy into ion flow or electrical current, in sufficient
amounts to maintain the electronic and other operational functions of the satellite. In the West we refer to
devices which act this way as photo-voltaic devices or solar cells. The device which looked like a high-
gain antenna dish was certainly a solar cell, but it was much more than that.
The quantum physics and the new technologies which made it possible to produce the crystalline
lattice structure of the energy storage devices also made it possible to produce a similar crystalline
structure which was capable of simultaneously converting wavelengths of widely varying characteristics
into ionic flow or electrical current. The strategy employed by this revolutionary new material worked
across almost the entire spectrum of known wave lengths, from far out in the realm of extra-low
trequency long wave lengths propagated by the original Big Bang all the way up through the visible light
spectrum and beyond, into X-rays and ultra-high frequency, ultra-short wavelength wave torms associated
with pulsars, quasars and quantum singularities.
The quantum mechanics which describe the characteristics of the crystalline lattice structure
recognize two distinct features of wave/particle propagation which are nowhere integrated in the linear
quantum mechanics or solar cell technologies of the West. First, the characteristic of crystals which
A crystal-based tuning fork which resonates at "A" natural will also resonate in sympathy with any
harmonic of "A" natural propagated across the entire wave spectrum if the wave form is detectable and of
sufficient intensity to activate the crystalline structure of the tuning fork.
emine i knows waterge ace under agra are of the med, a lot in ate ich,
excitation (oscillation) of the crystalline lattice structure at the same time.
This phenomenon reflects a new teature of quantum mechanics, instantaneous simultaneity of
crystalline oscillation regardless of the distance of separation. The potential of this phenomenon in future
applications is truly awesome. Properly harnessed, for example, this property of crystal structures as
defined by the IPMS version of quantum mechanics could make it possible to communicate over vast
distances with no time lag. The oscillation characteristics demonstrated by these structures operate outside
the normal context of space-time.
This writer, Gary Vesperman, happens to be the inventor of a major advance in torsion field
communications, made possible by these special crystalline lattice structures. The maximum theoretical
capacity of torsion field communications apparently is 40 billion channels of three-dimensional
holographic television through the entire earth without attenuation at one billion times the speed of light.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
123
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 737, "chars": 4758, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a usable flow'ot been recognized in the Westthat oscillating erystal structures can be engineered to create
ions in the form of low-voltage direct electrical current. However, instead of relying
exclusively on light in the visible spectrum alone to create ion flow, the Soviet system operates on all
known ambient wave lengths simultaneously, in six harmonic resonant bands. It creates ion flow
wherever and whenever such wave forms are present. It means that these devices operate on ambient heat
remaining in a room or in the dead of night when there is no visible light present at all
One more feature distinguishes the Soviet material from the Western photo-voltaic or solar cell. The
Nestern cell operates by trapping photons of light in a cleverly designed network of glass, mirrors anc
ther inter-connected reflective materials which are deposited on a substrate of a dielectric material
When the volume of "photon" traffic striking the dielectric material reaches a minimal threshold,
electrical current is created.
That is, when enough photons have been captured to excite the surface of the substrate by either
directly impacting molecules on the substrate surface or by creating heat energy sutticient to cause those
molecules to oscillate, ion flow is induced. It is not a particularly efficient method, but it is the best that
has been devised in the West.
In the Soviet material, because photons are known to behave in precisely the same manner as
electrons. the photons (which are present in all wave forms, including visible light) are simply introducec
to the energy wells between the tips of the molecular pyramids on the sheets of crystal lattice which
overlay each other. The material is so efficiently designed that it actually absorbs here is another place
where imprecise common language gets us into technical difficulty) the individual photons in the same
way it accommodates electrons.
of least resis the schails oute, rolen a crystaline natic and able the potial incult, elony sarage
device, or some other similar application.
The Soviet solar panel operates at a nominal etficiency of no less than 51 in the least consistent
pieces which have been tested in the United States. The best pieces have produced test results
demonstrating operating efficiencies in excess of 80%. These devices/materials produce electrical current
at a higher rate per unit of exposed surface area in the dark of night than the best solar panel ever
produced in the West will generate in the most ideal sunlight conditions.
The simple circular device attached to the Soviet satellite was a single solar cell which was used to
power the entire ship and all its functions. The nuclear fuel signature detected by the Atlantis crew was
nothing more than the emissions produced by a piece of spent nuclear tuel placed on board the satellite,
intended to mislead the American surveillance team. It worked.
Advanced solar photo-voltaic cells produced by Em-Tech Technologies of Toronto, Canada, have
demonstrated actual hands-on efficiencies in laboratory applications of more than 50%. These cells are
based on designs developed by the IPMS. Theoretical models have yielded energy production etticiencies
of more than 80%. These cells operate on such wide band-widths and at such high efficiency rates that
their performance characteristics in the dark of night exceed those demonstrated in broad daylight by the
best current, state-of-the-art solar cells produced anywhere else in the world. When applied to current
global electric energy requirements for domestic, commercial, industrial and military use, the cost of
electricity could be reduced to less than $.002 per kilowatt hour, with the added capability of operating
not only in daylight but at reduced loads throughout the night, regardless of weather, on virtually any
bring some of the IPMS scientists to Las Vegas and set up laboratories. The scientists, who were used to
the much colder climate of Kiev, Ukraine, balked at moving into the hot desert. Toronto, Canada was
chosen as a compromise location for Em-Tech Technologies.)
For comparison, the very best solar cells ever produced in the West have been produced by the
Japanese. These cells operate at a maximum of 19% efficiency. That is, they convert as much as 19% of
the ambient visible sunlight shining on a clear, cloudless day into ion flow, which then becomes low-
voltage direct electrical current flowing through a circuit. The Japanese panels require months per sectior
to manufacture and literally cost more than their weight in gold to manufacture. They are very heavy anc
are so sensitive to vibration and calibration that once installed, they cannot be moved at all.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
124
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 655, "chars": 4266, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Joint ventures of the IPMS with more than a dozen private sector companies to develop these usetul
inventions have been repeatedly sabotaged by the U.S. Government's Defense Intelligence Agency and
others. (Source: David G. Yurth, The Anthropos Files: Tales of Quantum Physics from Another World-
2^ Edition, 2007)
David G. Yurth emailed to Gary Vesperman on August 5, 2007 his own suppression story:
When I was hired in the Spring of 1992 by Ashurst Technology Corp, whose offices were then
located on Western Avenue in Las Vegas. I was assigned the task of understanding everything there was
to know about the new sciences and technologies developed by the I.N. Frantsevic Institute For Problems
of Materials Science between 1945 and 1991, when the Berlin Wall came down. The owners of Ashurst
had accidentally hooked up with three top scientists from the Institute, as reported in the publisher's
proposal I submitted to my agent in the Spring of 1994. (Yurth's proposal comprised the original edition
of The Anthropos Files: Tales of Quantum Physics from Another World. "Anthropos" is a Greek word
meaning 'of man' or 'things related to humans'
. Yurth used it in the title to his book about IPMS
technologies because it occurred to him that their epic scientific and technological achievements offer
everything needed to save Planet Earth from what we humans have been doing to it.)
My publisher's proposal was released by my agent to former Secretary of Defense Frank Carlucci at
a luncheon they both attended at the Washington Press Club two weeks after I gave her my manuscript.
Two weeks later, two guys in dark suits and thin black ties came into my office and attempted to
confiscate my computer and all my records. I called the police, had them arrested and then was forced by
the Director of the Western Regional Office of the Defense Intelligence Agency to forego publishing the
book for five years under threat of prosecution and personal injury. When you read the treatment, you will
understand why it was important. That was a major league suppression exercise, the scope of which you
will come to appreciate atter you have read my manuscript. They are still successtully suppressing many
of the technologies that are cited in that piece of work. (Some of them are described elsewhere in this
compilation of energy invention suppression cases.)
However, the most important scientific technology suppression story, in my estimation, is the
successful squelching of the report issued to Discover Magazine by the CDF Collaboration at Chicago's
FermiLabs, citing the discovery and verification of sub-quarks as the constituents of quarks. I reported
this information in my still unpublished book manuscript Seeing Past The Edge in considerable detail,
including copies of the press releases and report abstracts issued by the more than 450 signatories to the
report when it was issued. (This writer, Gary Vesperman, edited Seeing Past the Edge.)
If ever there was a significant suppression of essential, baseline scientific information, this was it.
What it means to science, and what is suggests about the sufficiency of the Standard Physical Model is
one thing. But what it says about the extent to which the gatekeepers for the scientitic establishment are
willing to go to suppress information that threatens their stranglehold on their own territorial imperatives
1S another matter entirely. It 1 were to choose between all the instances I know of scientitic or
technological suppression during the past century, this would have to be number one on my list, bar none.
Dave
ke energy inventors, physicists occasionally also encounter suppression. se
ttp://rense.com/general77/21.htm
Marshall Douglass Smith (Author): The Rise of Fascism in the American Energy Business
since the 1920s. A preview of Chapter 3 is available online at
http://www.theforbiddenknowledge.com/hardtruth/black_.gold._3.htm, and is recommended reading.
To be fair, an experienced oil and gas geologist, a friend of Gary Vesperman, thinks Smith's
account is false of how the end of the Vietnam War was intentionally delayed until the very day that
Standard Oil had completed its exploration of oil offshore of Vietnam.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
125
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3193, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ind what do you suppose is really happening with Iraq and Iran! The Los Angeles Times articl
"It's Still About Oil in Iraq
(8 December 2006) - see http://www.truthout.org/docs.2006/120906Y.shtm
-- affords us some clues. The U.K. Independent article "How the West will make a killing on Iraqi oil
riches" (http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article2132569.ece, 7 January 2007), and
Truthout's "New Oil Law Means Victory in Iraq for Bush"
(ht pel reason thy tor does States insaded ram!) confirm the suspicion of what many people think is
the same master kay Alaska shines oil divid beds seare pa/s i dragdendead.com instead, cople, in
Aom share Realin oil crap pepose ople U.s. ith asian and recoration on prag, rag oil thorkers
unions are struggling to prevent the handover of ownership of Iraq's oil to foreign oll companies (see
http://www.truthout.org/docs_2006/060907A.shtml)
To order a video about the US warning to the Taliban in August 2001 to allow an oil pipeline
through Atghanistan -- or bombs would start dropping in October 2001 --- visit
http://www.nutech2000.com/categoryl_1.htm.
It is logical to assume that the real reason for both Gulf Wars, and the interim between the two
wars which featured US Navy patrols of Iraq, was to allow major American oil companies to use
explosions from US Navy bombs - for well over a decade —to seismically explore for oil in the Persian
Gulf off Iraq's shore, at nearly no expense to themselves, just like Standard Oil did during the Vietnam
war.
Is it now time to explore for oil in the Persian Gulf off Iran's shore? But first the oil companies
have to secretly stampede the United States and Iran into a very long war with each other...
CONCLUSION
It should now be evident that the oil/auto and power monopolies viciously defend their global
energy markets by threatening, persecuting or even murdering targeted energy inventors, and even entire
U.S. Patent Office Holds Secret 5000 Patents
The most straighttorward way to suppress development ot new sources of energy and still
maintain an appearance of legitimacy might be by controlling the United States Patent Office.
security." At the end of fiscal year 2006, there were 4942 invention secrecy orders in ettect. These
"secretized" patents are kept in the vault at the U.S. Patent Office (Park 5 Building). They never receive a
patent number, and the inventor is rarely, it ever, compensated by the government for use of the
FERE
www.tas.org/sgp/othergov/invention/australla.pdt, http://www.tas.org/spp/starwars/,
http://www.tas.org/blog/secrecy/2006/12/patent_secrecy_orders_litted_o.html,
http://www.tas.org/blog/secrecy/200o/12/navy_mind_control.html, and
www.fas.org/sgp/othergov/invention/program.html.)
The U.S. Patent Office has a nine-member committee that screens patents in order to protect
"national security"
An understandable reason for suppressing certain types of energy inventions is that the knowledge
behına them is also capable of producing tremendously destructive advanced electromagnetic weapons
because of their military potential and the need to keep that knowledge from America's enemies.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
126
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 645, "chars": 4179, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
patents which could threaten the fossil fuel and poo tir monopoleove from public access energy-related
power monopolies.
Canada's patent ottice doesn't have a sımılar screening committee. It is recommended that energy
patents possibly in danger of being classified should be first applied for in Canada. Once granted, up to
one year is allowed to apply tor the same patent in the U.S. Patent Office. Now the patent can not be
classitied because it is already out in the public domain, courtesy of Canada.
Text of Generic Patent Secrecy Order
SECRECY ORDER
(Title 35, United States Code (1952), sections 181-188)
NOȚICE: To the applicant above named, his heirs, and any and all of his assignees, attorneys and agents,
hereinafter designated principals:
You are hereby notified that your applicațion as above identified has been found to contain subject
matter, the unauthorized disclosure of which might be detrimental to the national security, and you are
ordered in nowise to publish or disclose the invention or any material information with respect thereto,
including hitherto unpublished details of the subject matter of said application, in any way to any person
not cognizant of the invention prior to the date of the order, including any employee of the principals, but
to keep the same secret except by written consent first obtained of the Commissioner of Patents, under the
penalties of 35 U.S.C. (1952) 182, 186.
Any other application already filed or hereatter filed which contains any signiticant part of the
subject matter of the above identified application falls within the scope of this order. If such other
application does not stand under a security order, it and the common subject matter should be brought to
the attention of the Security Group, Licensing and Review, Patent Office.
It, prior to the issuance of the secrecy order, any signiticant part of the subject matter has been
revealed to any person, the principals shall promptly inform such person of the secrecy order and the
penalties tor improper disclosure. However, it such part of the subject matter was disclosed to any person
n a foreign country or foreign national in the U.S., the principals shall not inform such person of the
secrecy order, but instead shall promptly furnish to the Commissioner of Patents the following
information to the extent not already furnished: date of disclosure; name and address of the disclosee
identitication ot such part, and any authorization by a U.S. government agency to export such part. If the
subject matter is included in any foreign patent application, or patent, this should be identified. The
principals shall comply with any related instructions of the Commissioner.
This order should not be construed in any way to mean that the Government has adopted or
contemplates adoption of the alleged invention disclosed in this application; nor is it any indication of the
value of such invention.
(The harsh punishment for a violation of this secrecy order, should an inventor exploits or even
simply discusses his or her invention which is classified by a patent secrecy order, is 20 years in federal
everything he or she had invested in his or her invention. The public is also ruthlessly denied any benefits
from the invention.)
US Congress: Energy Inventor Protection and Patent Declassification Act
The newly elected United States Congress should immediately write, introduce, and pass a bill
"Energy Inventor Protection and Energy Patent Declassification Act of 2007". Included should be
24/1 protection of energy inventors and their property by armed guards, and declassitication of as many as
5000 energy patents unfairly held in secret by the U.S. Patent Office. (In spite of what one email
correspondent suggests is the appearance of appointing a fox to guard the henhouse.)
Remy Chevalier suggests that the U.S. Congress needs to put back into question the entire review
process of patent law, and its consequences on environmental health, by imposing strict tines to who eve
is caught buying energy patents for the sole purpose of keeping its protocol out of commercial circulation
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
127
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 3979, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In this fourth version of Gary Vesperman's compilation of specific energy invention suppression
cases, the body count rose to a disgusting high of as many as 17 innocent people who were brutally
just to ensure the global market supremacy of giant energy monopolies. 31 energy inventor
ind associates are known to have been threatened with death, and 5 energy researchers and associate
have been imprisoned or falsely charged.
The Congressional bill should also include a provision to hunt down and imprison for many years
the secret government/corporate energy invention suppressors and their hired bullies and assassins.
The U.S. Congress in 2005 gave the oil companies $2.6 billion in tax breaks as a reward for $190
million in campaign contributions. (Source: League of Conservation Voters)
Wilhelm Reich: Orgone Energy Motor
In the mid 1930s Wilhelm Reich, MD, began noticing an energetic connection that is shared by all
living beings and had the clarity of mind to not dismiss the observation as unimportant. Dr. Reich called
this energy.
"orgone" and worked for decades demonstrating its laws and studying its various
manifestations.
Dr. Reich in 1948 got a "synchro" type of electrical spinner motor to run from both an orgone
energy accumulator and an orgone-charged high-vacuum tube. James DeMeo and Nicholas Reiter have
each written an article on the orgone energy motor construction and use, with eyewitness quotes and
many construction details. DeMeo has also published a third article on the subject of electrostatic motors,
which are powered by sources bearing some resemblance to what Reich used in conjunction with the
orgone accumulator.
An assistant, either suspected to be secretly working for the U.S. Government or was simply an
incompetent and thief, had helped with its mathematics and construction. This assistant then took some of
Reich's money and the motor with him that winter on the pretense of working on further refinements
Instead he disappeared. None of his claims about his past including previous employment were verifiable.
The U.S. Government then campaigned for many years to thoroughly ban and burn Reich's books
and any other printed literature that included the word "orgone". U.S. Government violations at the time
neluded the warrant-less invasions and searches of the homes of people peripherally associated with
Reich. In one such case, a home was searched, and Reich's books were confiscated from private
bookshelves. School teachers and doctors who worked with Reich were fired from their jobs.
Reich died at the age of 60 atter serving eight months of a two-year federal prison sentence. Reich
had been falsely labeled a quack and a racketeer by the U.S. Government and the corrupt American
medical system. (Sources: Emails from James DeMeo,
http://www.proliberty.com/observer/20030310.htm,
http://www.orgonelab.org/cgi-bin/shop.pl/page=xpulse.htm, http://www.orgonelab.org/cart/xpulse.htm,
and http://pw1.netcom.com/~rogermw/Reich/orgone_motors.html.)
rete mi Constatonal Acrile and A bise of pole Power by he Us, rod and bye, eterenced
Administration and other Federal Agencies" (see http://www.orgonelab.org/fda.htm). The flagrant abuses
›y the U.S. Government he cites are clearly reflected by U.S. Government-sanctioned energy inventior
suppression terror tactics. At its end, he lists the pertinent constitutional rights which for over two
centuries hundreds of thousands of Americans have defended with their lives as sacred:
The Constitution of the United States Bill of Rights, 15 December 1791
Amendment I: Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press...
Amendment IV: The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and ettects, against
unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated...
Amendment V: No person shall be ... deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law...
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
128
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3865, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bruce DePalma (Interview): A Peaceful Revolution against Energy Oppression
A University of California at Santa Barbara 1983 interview by Daily Nexus Staff Writer Evette
Justus quoted Bruce DePalma, local physicist and scientist:
"A peaceful revolution can occur providing we can free ourselves from the oppression which is
dominating us and controlling our day-to-day existence. This oppression is the necessity to make
payments to a system which gives us the energy to heat our homes, transport ourselves, brings our tood
ind tertilizer to grow our food, and makes the plastic that goes into our clothes. When we can be releaser
rom that we will have a choice. And this can be the only revolution — a peacetul revolution, and trec
energy technology makes this peaceful revolution possible." (Quote submitted by David Crockett
Williams.)
How to Stop Energy Invention Suppression
Compiling energy invention suppression cases is the most disgusting project this writer, Gary
Vesperman, has ever done. All too many times while writing these stories, I have recoiled in dismay at the
meanness of the energy invention suppression bullies who for DECADES have conducted their vicious
operations paid for by giant lying greedy energy monopolies and their secret allies in the United States
Government
Even if HALF of these suppression cases can somehow be found to be false, the conclusion is still
inescapable that we have a very, very serious problem of which very, very few people are even aware.
Hundreds of billions of dollars of energy business are at stake. I can not think of another issue that
is more fundamental to American politics than energy invention suppression.
Energy invention suppression indirectly impacts on the largest scale economics, national security
and wildernes areas, protection of endangered species from exition, frade balances, inate thanacks
conservation of scarce natural resources, company and personal bank accounts, and the health and safety
of ourselves and our loved ones.
he perpetrators of energy invention suppression constitute the world's single most powertu.
economic force. They are secretly committing acts of high treason for which their leaders should be
hunted down and severely punished. The Internet can educate and empower a widespread grassroots
evolt against energy invention suppression. To stop payıng hundreds of dollars a month of tribute to the
energy tyrants as soon as possible, each of us millions of energy consumers must again and again identity
and carry out specific organized actions - the combination of which hopefully will culminate in a peaceful
overthrow of those traitors, restoration of full constitutional rights to energy inventors, and gaining our
rightful energy freedom.
• In each energy activist's immediate geographic area, establish or join an Adopt an Energy Inventor
Group to financially support and even physically protect a local energy inventor against harm.
• Petition the U.S. Congress to pass specific legislation against energy invention suppression such as
the above suggested "Energy Inventor Protection and Energy Patent Declassification Act of
2007". One by one, each Congressperson must be closely questioned, monitored and held
accountable for his or her actions concerning energy invention suppression. Government and
corporate officials as well as Congresspersons who are found to be committing high treason by
supporting otten vicious energy invention suppression should be hunted down, quickly brought to
trial and, if convicted, severely punished.
• Review and modity, where needed, existing tederal and state laws and regulations which either
Mercury "gas hog"
• Educate and persuade local groups, companies, labor union locals, and government agencies to pass
resolutions advocating energy invention treedom.
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
129
September 3, 2007

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3568, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Monitor energy research web sites such as www.keelynet.com, www.rexresearch.com,
www.zpenersy.com, www.nexusmagazine.ors, www.pureenergysystems.com,
www.orgonelab.org, www.bob-dratch.org, www.teslatech.info, www.byronwine.com,
www.commutetaster.com, www.treeenergynews.com, www.padrak.com/ine, www.cheniere.org,
http://www.newenergycongress.org, http://pesw1k1.com/index.php/New_Energy_Congress,
http://www.borderlands.com/treeenergy.htm, http://www.lenr-canr.org, www.green-salon.com,
http://www.novainstituteoftechnology.com/, http://www.electrifyingtimes.com, and
http://www.energysuppression.com.
• Sell or give away millions of "End Energy Invention Suppression Now!" T-shirts, bumper stickers,
yard signs, banners, etc.
• Subscribe to and buy back issues of alternatıve energy research publications such as Fusion facts,
Cold Fusion Times, Nexus, New Energy Times, Intinite Energy, Extraordinary Technology,
Journal of New Energy, Borderland Sciences Research Foundation, New Energy News,
Electritying Times, Space Energy Journal, New Energy Movement, German Association for Fielc
Energy, Swiss Association for Free Energy, and Canada's Planetary Association of Clean Energy.
• The mission of http://www.energysuppression.com includes a repository of energy invention
suppression cases. Energy freedom activists may post notices relating to putting a stop to energy
invention suppression. Energy freedom activists who organize a local "Adopt an Energy Inventor
Group" will find resource materials and a place to announce and coordinate their anti-suppression
• http://www.energysuppression.com will enshrine an honor roll of "Warriors for Energy Freedom".
These are companies, university student groups, labor union locals, individuals, environmental
organizations, and other groups who advocate restoration of full constitutional rights and adequate
financial support to inventors of new sources of energy. A description of their actions, which can
›e as simple as a publicly declared corporate resolution, would accompany their listings. New
• http://www.energysuppression.com will display an "Energy Invention Suppression Hall of Shame"
listing the names of those who have been clearly identified as perpetrators of energy slavery. New
nominations will be voted in by majority vote of the New Energy Congress.
The U.S. Congress and the environmental organizations quibble about raising automobile mileage
standards a paltry tew miles per gallon. Let's get real! Let's instead now begın this ultımate environmenta
crusade with millions of bumper stickers, meetings, state legislative resolutions, demonstrations, emails,
yard signs, labor union boycotts, 1-shirts, energy inventor adoptions, movies, live concerts, crusades
letters and phone calls to the U.S. Congress, web sites, television documentaries, sit-ins, college lectures
protests, and banners in the streets and on vehicles blowing in the wind...
End Energy Invention Suppression Now!
DISCLAIMER: Inclusion ot any invention or technology described in this compilation of energy
invention suppression cases does not in any way imply its suitability for investment of any kind. All
investors contemplating any investments in these devices and technologies should first consult with a
licensed financial professional. Prospective investors should exhaustively perform their own investigation
Gary Vesperman
Chief Operating Officer and Director of Research
Blue Energy Corporation
Henderson, Nevada
www.blue-energy.us
garyvesperman @yahoo.com
Energy Invention Suppression Cases
130
September 3, 2007
