{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:14:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 90, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 749469, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18629-energytfr.pdf", "source_sha256": "d71579f4e15247683bd5739992e80cde290be54fe698494915d72411ad04350d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 126, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS
NATIONAL SECURITY
CONSEQUENCES OF
U.S. OIL DEPENDENCY
Al
Al
INDEPENDENT TASK FORCE REPORT No. 58

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 6, "chars": 56, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
National Security

Consequences of

U.S. Oil Dependency

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 140, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
National Security
Consequences of

U.S. Oil Dependency

Report of an
Independent ‘Task Force

Sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 3246, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Founded in 1921, the Council on Foreign Relations is an independent, national membership
organization and a nonpartisan center for scholars dedicated to producing and disseminating
ideas so that individual and corporate members, as well as policymakers, journalists, students,
and interested citizens in the United States and other countries, can better understand the
world and the foreign policy choices facing the United States and other governments. The
Council does this by convening meetings; conducting a wide-ranging Studies program; publish-
ing Foreign Affairs, the preeminent journal covering international affairs and U.S. foreign policy;
maintaining a diverse membership; sponsoring Independent Task Forces; and providing up-
to-date information about the world and U.S. foreign policy on the Council's website,
www.cfr.org.
THE COUNCIL TAKES NO INSTITUTIONAL POSITION ON POLICY ISSUES
AND HASNO AFFILIATION WITH THE U.S. GOVERNMENT. ALLSTATEMENTS
OF FACT AND EXPRESSIONS OF OPINION CONTAINED IN ITS PUBLICA-
TIONS ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE AUTHOR OR AUTHORS.
The Council will sponsor an Independent Task Force when (1) an issue of current and critical
importance to U.S. foreign policy arises, and (2) it seems that a group diverse in backgrounds
and perspectives may, nonetheless, be able to reach a meaningful consensus on a policy through
private and nonpartisan deliberations. Typically, a Task Force meets between two and five
times over a brief period to ensure the relevance of its work.
Upon reaching a conclusion, a Task Force issues a report, and the Council publishes its text
and posts it on the Council website. Task Force reports reflect a strong and meaningful policy
consensus, with Task Force members endorsing the general policy thrust and judgments
reached by the group, though not necessarily every finding and recommendation. Task Force
members who join the consensus may submit additional or dissenting views, which are included
preceded or followed by full Task Force reports. Upon reaching a conclusion, a Task Force
may also ask individuals who were not members of the Task Force to associate themselves
with the Task Force report to enhance its impact. All Task Force reports "benchmark"
their findings against current administration policy to make explicit areas of agreement and
disagreement. The Task Force is solely responsible for its report. The Council takes no
institutional position.
For further information about the Council or this Independent Task Force, please write to
the Council on Foreign Relations, 58 East 68th Street, New York, NY 10021, or call the
Communications office at 212-434-9888. Visit our website at www.cfr.org.
Copyright © 2006 by the Council on Foreign Relations®, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Printed in the United States of America.
This report may not be reproduced in whole or in part, in any form beyond the reproduction
permitted by Sections 107 and 108 of the U.S. Copyright Law Act (17 U.S.C. Sections 107
and 108) and excerpts by reviewers for the public press, without express written permission
from the Council on Foreign Relations. For information, write to the Publications Office,
Council on Foreign Relations, 58 East 68th Street, New York, NY 10021.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 113, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Chairs
Job atos
John Deutch
Jand falling
James R. Schlesinger
Project Director
Dad tw
David G. Victor

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 548, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Members
Graham T. Allison
Norman R. Augustine
Robert A. Belfer
Stephen W. Bosworth
Helima L. Croft
John Deutch
Charles J. DiBona
Jessica P. Einhorn
Martin S. Feldstein
David L. Goldwyn*
Michael D. Granoff*
J. Bennett Johnston
Arnold Kanter
Karin M. Lissakers
Walter E. Massey
Ernest J. Moniz
William K. Reilly
James R. Schlesinger
Peter Schwartz
Philip R. Sharp
James B. Steinberg
Linda G. Stuntz
James L. Sweeney
Frank Verrastro
David G. Victor
J. Robinson West
*The individual has endorsed the report and submitted an additional view.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 432, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Contents
Foreword
Acknowledgments
Task Force Report
Overview and Introduction
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role
of Imported Oil and Gas
Findings: How Dependence on Imported Energy
Affects U.S. Foreign Policy
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic
Energy Policy
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct
of U.S. Foreign Policy
Additional View
Task Force Members
Task Force Observers
xi
xili
1
3
13
26
31
47
60
62
69

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1650, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Foreword
Through most of the 1990s energy supplies were plentiful and prices
were low. The Economist speculated about the political consequences
of a world in which oil declined to $5 per barrel. U.S. foreign policy
generally accorded little attention to energy, except in special circum-
stances such as the location of strategic pipelines in Central Asia.
In recent years, energy prices have surged. President George W.
Bush, in this year's State of the Union address, warned of an addiction
to imported oil and its perils. Yet there is no consensus on what should
be done to shake the addiction. Virtually everything concerning energy
has changed—except U.S. policy.
The Council on Foreign Relations established an Independent Task
Force to examine the consequences of dependence on imported energy
for U.S. foreign policy. Since the United States both consumes and
imports more oil than any other country, the Task Force has concen-
trated its deliberations on matters of petroleum. In so doing, it reaches
a sobering but inescapable judgment: the lack of sustained attention to
energy issues is undercutting U.S. foreign policy and national security.
The Task Force goes on to argue that U.S. energy policy has
been plagued by myths, such as the feasibility of achieving "energy
independence" through increased drilling or anything else. For the
next few decades, the challenge facing the United States is to become
better equipped to manage its dependencies rather than pursue the
chimera of independence.
The issues at stake intimately affect U.S. foreign policy, as well as
the strength of the American economy and the state of the global
xi

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 881, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X11
Foreword
environment. But most of the leverage potentially available to the
United States is through domestic policy. Thus, the Independent Task
Force devotes considerable attention to how oil consumption (or at
least the growth in consumption) can be reduced and why and how
energy issues must become better integrated with other aspects of U.S.
foreign policy.
The Council is indebted to John Deutch and James R. Schlesinger,
two prominent Americans with long and distinguished records of public
service, for chairing this important group. The Council is also grateful
to the members of the Task Force for volunteering their time and
efforts over ten months to the project. I also wish to thank David G.
Victor, adjunct senior fellow at the Council, forso ably and professionally
directing the enterprise.
Richard N. Haass
President
Council on Foreign Relations
October 2006

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1571, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Acknowledgments
The Independent Task Force on Energy and U.S. Foreign Policy,
sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations, was privileged to have
two distinguished leaders, John Deutch and James R. Schlesinger, as
its chairs. From the original conception of the study through the final
editing, both have been closely engaged with the process, and the
end product has benefited tremendously from their experience and
pragmatism. I am very grateful for the opportunity to work with
them and with the diverse and thoughtful membership of the whole
Task Force.
The Task Force was fortunate to depend on Lee Feinstein, executive
director of the Council's Task Force program, and his deputy, Lindsay
Workman, who closely guided us through the entire process of meet-
ings, drafting, and marketing. Divya Reddy, the research associate for
the Task Force, skillfully organized meetings, kept numerous drafts and
endless edits in order, and kept the entire enterprise on track with grace
and uncommon skill. We thank her, especially.
Other Council colleagues have been generous with their time and
talent. Leigh Gusts and the Council's library staff helped us create a
website for the project and organized diverse sources of data and
background material. Mark Bucknam, a colonel with the U.S. Air
Force who visited the Council during 2005-2006, helped with every
aspect of our effort, notably with background research and the compila-
tion of extremely useful factual charts on energy trends. Irina Faskianos,
David Kellogg, Nancy Roman, Lisa Shields, and Anya Schmemann
xiii

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1971, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XIV
Acknowledgments
guided an impressive outreach effort, while Patricia Dorff and Molly
Graham oversaw all aspects of publication.
We greatly appreciate the efforts of Rachel Bronson who, along
with several other Task Force members, briefed us at one of our
meetings about patterns of investment and political stability in major
oil-producing regions. Our recommendations benefited from presenta-
tions of our midcourse findings to special Council audiences in New
York, San Francisco, and Washington, DC. We also thank Assheton
Carter, lan Gary, Corinna Glfillan, Sherr W. Goodman, David Hawk-
ins, Lee Lane, Nigel Purvis, Daniel K. Tarullo, and Timothy E. Wirth,
who advised us on ways to address links to environmental policy and
the varied attempts to improve governance in oil-rich countries. Philip
K. Verleger Jr. helped us understand how shifts in the way that oil
markets operate can affect the need for and operation of the strategic
petroleum reserve. Michelle N. Billig, Charles D. Ferguson, Douglas
Holtz-Eakin, Princeton N. Lyman, William A. Pizer, and Stephen
Sestanovich provided useful background materials and discussions on
a variety of topics addressed in the report.
The Task Force would like to extend a special thanks to Richard
N. Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, for calling
for a policy review on energy matters in these challenging times. In
convening the Task Force, Richard relied, in part, on the results of a very
useful scoping meeting in August 2005 attended by Rachel Bronson,
Kimball C. Chen, Richard Herold, Ira B. Joseph, Edward L. Morse,
Rodney W. Nichols, David Nissen, and Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran.
Finally, the Council on Foreign Relations expresses thanks to Wash-
ington and Lee University and the Lenfest Foundation, as well as the
many individual Council members who have generously supported
this specific Task Force and the work of the Task Force program
more generally.
David G. Victor
Project Director

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 18, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Report

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1683, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Overview and Introduction
The lack of sustained attention to energy issues is undercutting U.S.
foreign policy and U.S. national security. Major energy suppliers—
from Russia to Iran to Venezuela—have been increasingly able and
willing to use their energy resources to pursue their strategic and political
objectives. Major energy consumers—notably the United States, but
other countries as well—are finding that their growing dependence
on imported energy increases their strategic vulnerability and constrains
their ability to pursue a broad range of foreign policy and national
security objectives. Dependence also puts the United States into increas-
ing competition with other importing countries, notably with today's
rapidly growing emerging economies of China and India. At best, these
trends will challenge U.S. foreign policy; at worst, they will seriously
strain relations between the United States and these countries.
This report focuses on the foreign policy issues that arise from
dependence on energy traded in world markets and outlines a strategy
for response. And because U.S. reliance on the global market for oil,
much of which comes from politically unstable parts of the world, is
greater than for any other primary energy source, this report is mainly
about oil. To a lesser degree it also addresses natural gas.
Put simply, the reliable and affordable supply of energy—"energy
security"—is an increasingly prominent feature of the international
political landscape and bears on the effectiveness of U.S. foreign policy.
At the same time, however, the United States has largely continued
to treat "energy policy" as something that is separate and distinct—
3

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2480, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
substantively and organizationally—from "foreign policy." This must
change. The United States needs not merely to coordinate but to
integrate energy issues with its foreign policy.
The challenge over the next several decades is to manage the
consequences of unavoidable dependence on oil and gas that is traded
in world markets and to begin the transition to an economy that
relies less on petroleum. The longer the delay, the greater will be the
subsequent trauma. For the United States, with 4.6 percent of the
world's population using 25 percent of the world's oil, the transition
could be especially disruptive.
This report concentrates on the next twenty years, a period long
enough to put necessary policy measures into place but not so distant
as to encounter a wider range of future geopolitical or technological
uncertainties. During this next twenty years (and quite probably
beyond), it is infeasible to eliminate the nation's dependence on foreign
energy sources. The voices that espouse "energy independence" are
doing the nation a disservice by focusing on a goal that is unachievable
over the foreseeable future and that encourages the adoption of ineffi-
cient and counterproductive policies. Indeed, during the next two
decades, it is unlikely that the United States will be able to make a
sharp reduction in its dependence on imports, which currently stand
at 60 percent of consumption. The central task for the next two decades
must be to manage the consequences of dependence on oil, not to
pretend the United States can eliminate it.
A popular response to the steep rise in energy prices in recent years
is the false expectation that policies to lower imports will automatically
lead to a decline in prices. The public's continuing expectation of the
availability of cheap energy alternatives will almost surely be disap-
pointed. While oil prices may retreat from their current high levels,
one should not expect the price of oil to return, on a sustained basis,
to the low levels seen in the late 1990s. In fact, if more costly domestic
supply is used to substitute for imported oil, then prices will not moder-
ate. Yet the public's elected representatives have allowed this myth to
survive, as they advocate policies that futilely attempt to reduce import
dependence quickly while simultaneously lowering prices. Leaders of
both political parties, especially when seeking public office, seem unable

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2442, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Overview and Introduction
5
to resist announcing unrealistic goals that are transparent efforts to gain
popularity rather than inform the public of the challenges the United
States must overcome. Moreover, the political system of the United
States has so far proved unable to sustain the policies that would be
needed to manage dependence on imported fuels. As history since
1973 shows, the call for policy action recedes as prices abate.
These problems rooted in the dependence on oll are neither new
nor unique to the United States. Other major world economies that
rely on imported oil—from Western Europe to Japan, and now China
and India—face similar concerns. All are having difficulties in meeting
the challenges of managing demand for oil. But these countries do not
share the foreign policy responsibilities of the United States. And the
United States, insufficiently aware of its vulnerability, has not been as
attentive as the other large industrialized countries in implementing
policies to slow the rising demand for oil. Yet even if the United States
were self-sufficient in oil (a condition the Task Force considers wholly
infeasible in the foreseeable future), U.S. foreign policy would remain
constrained as long as U.S. allies and partners remained dependent on
imports because of their mutual interdependence. Thus, while reducing
U.S. oil imports is desirable, the underlying problem is the high and
growing demand for oil worldwide.
The growing worldwide demand for oil in the coming decades
will magnify the problems that are already evident in the functioning
of the world oil market. During that period, the availability of low-
cost oil resources is expected to decline; production and transportation
costs are likely to rise. As more hydrocarbon resources in more remote
areas are tapped, the world economy will become even more dependent
on elaborate and vulnerable infrastructures to bring oil and gas to the
markets where they are used.
For the last three decades, the United States has correctly followed
a policy strategy that, in large measure, has stressed the importance of
markets. Energy markets, however, do not operate in an economically
perfect and transparent manner. For example, the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), quite notably, seeks to act
as a cartel. Most oil and gas resources are controlled by state-run
companies, some of which enter into supply contracts with consumer

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
countries that are accompanied by political arrangements that distort
the proper functioning of the market. These agreements, such as those
spearheaded by the Chinese government in oil-rich countries across
Africa and elsewhere, reflect many intentions, including the desire to
"lock up" particular supplies for the Chinese market. Some of the state
companies that control these resources are inefficient, which imposes
further costs on the world market. And some governments use the
revenues from hydrocarbon sales for political purposes that harm U.S.
interests. Because of these realities, an active public policy is needed to
correct these market failures that harm U.S. economic and national
security. The market will not automatically deliver the best outcome.
The Task Force recommends a policy strategy based on five types
of actions.
First, while the United States has limited leverage to achieve its
energy security objectives through foreign policy actions, it has consider-
able ability to manage its energy future through the adoption of domestic
policies that complement both a short- and long-term international
strategy.
The Task Force is unanimous in recommending the adoption of
incentives to slow and eventually reverse the growth in consumption
of petroleum products, especially transportation fuels such as motor
gasoline. However, the Task Force did not agree about the particular
options that would best achieve this objective. The Task Force consid-
ered three measures:
• A tax on gasoline (with the tax revenue recycled into the economy
with a fraction possibly earmarked for specific purposes such as
financing of energy technology research and development R&DI);
• Stricter and broader mandated Corporate Average Fuel Economy
standards, known as CAFE standards; and
• The use of tradable gasoline permits that would cap the total level
of gasoline consumed in the economy.
Used singly or in combination, these measures would not only
encourage higher-efficiency vehicles (although these will take time to
find their way into the fleet), but also encourage the introduction of
alternative fuels, as well as promote changes in behavior such as the

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2308, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Overview and Introduction
7
greater use of public transportation. While there are other domestic
policies that could be adopted to limit demand for fuels, no strategy will
be effective without higher prices for transportation fuels or regulatory
incentives to use more efficient vehicles.
The Task Force does not believe there is a corresponding need to
adopt additional measures to limit demand for natural gas. While there
are reasons to be concerned about the adequacy of the near-term supply
of natural gas to the North American market, at present natural gas
markets work relatively well. To date, there is little dependence on
natural gas from outside of North America, thus avoiding the political
repercussions accompanying oil imports.
There are large amounts of "stranded" gas available around the
world that can be transported to markets using technologies that are
increasingly economic. Most attention is focused on the technologies
of liquefied natural gas (LNG), through which gas is cooled and com-
pressed to a liquid, shipped on tankers, and then warmed and re-gasified
to its original form. Realizing the potential for LNG will require
additional facilities to receive and re-gasify imported LNG in the
United States.
At the same time that the United States promotes measures to
reduce oil demand, it should also be prepared to open some new areas
for exploration and production of oil and gas, for example, in Alaska,
along the East and West coasts, and in the Gulf of Mexico. In addition
to modestly increasing supply, encouraging domestic production is a
valuable, if not essential, element for increasing the credibility of U.S.
efforts to persuade other nations to expand their exploration and produc-
tion activities.
Ultimately, technology will be vital to reducing the dependence
on oil and gas, and to making a transition away from petroleum fuels.
These benefits of improved technology will come in the future only
if investments are made today in research, development, and demonstra-
tion (RD&D).
The Task Force notes that higher energy prices are unleashing
remarkable forces for innovation in this country. Entrepreneurs are
seeking new ideas for products and services, such as batteries, fuel cells,
and biofuels. Private equity capital is seeking opportunities to invest in

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2443, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
new energy technologies. Large corporations are investing in RD&D
in all aspects of energy production and use. These activities will undoubt-
edly result in a steady improvement in the ability of the U.S. economy
to meet energy needs.
The U.S. government has an important role in supporting this
innovation in the private sector, especially for technologies that require
significant development efforts to demonstrate commercial potential.
The Task Force recommends that the federal government offer greatly
expanded incentives and investments aimed at both short- and long-
term results to address a wide range of technologies that includes higher-
efficiency vehicles, substitutes for oil in transportation (such as biomass
and electricity), techniques to enhance production from existing oil
wells, and technologies that increase the energy efficiency of industrial
processes that use oil and gas. Government spending is appropriate in
this context because the market alone does not make as much effort
as is warranted by national security and environmental considerations.
Second, we recommend that the United States take several initiatives
to encourage the efficient, transparent, and fair operation of world oil
and gas markets. The United States must not act alone in this endeavor,
as all consumer nations have a common interest in well-functioning
international markets for oil and gas.
The United States should continue to urge governments in all
countries to reduce subsidies and deregulate the prices of oil and gas
where they have been held below world market levels. While progress
has been made over the last three decades, many countries—notably
large developing countries, such as China, and large energy producers,
such as Saudi Arabia and Venezuela—still regulate and subsidize their
consumption of fuel. Russia, among many other gas-rich countries,
still subsidizes its internal consumption of natural gas. These arrange-
ments result in a world market that is not properly responsive to
underlying supply and demand.
The United States should also take the lead in revising cooperative
agreements originally reached in the International Energy Agency (IEA)
in the early 1970s. These agreements require their members to maintain
adequate national oil stockpiles and to follow procedures for coping
with shortages in case of a disruption in supply. The most important

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2513, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Overview and Introduction
9
revision would find a mechanism to include the large, rapidly growing
economies, notably China and India, so that they can build adequate
strategic reserves and coordinate the use of those reserves with other
major oil importers. The best approach would involve expanding the
IEA. However, an alternative institution, such as a greatly strengthened
International Energy Forum (IEF), could also serve this purpose.'
The United States should remove the protectionist tariff on imported
ethanol, as that makes it much harder for U.S. refineries to take advantage
of efficient ethanol producers outside our borders, such as in Brazil.
The executive branch and Congress should also reexamine the
management of the United States' strategic stockpiles and consider
whether the procedures for using these stockpiles should be updated
so that they are more consistent with today's realities, such as the pre-
sence of large private stockpiles and strong oil and gas futures markets.
Third, producing and consuming countries have a common interest
in reducing infrastructure vulnerability, whether to terrorist attacks or
natural disasters. In the last year alone, there has been one attempted
major attack on the Saudi oil processing facility at Abgaig, and hurricanes
Katrina and Rita caused substantial damage to oil and gas processing
and transport infrastructure in the United States. The United States
must work more closely with major oil suppliers, notably Saudi Arabia,
to detect and deter attacks on their infrastructure. Greater efforts are
needed to harden the energy infrastructure against both attacks and
natural disasters. Over the coming decades the importance of these
infrastructures is likely to grow as low-cost oil resources close at hand
are depleted and hydrocarbon resources in more remote areas are tapped.
Fourth, there are too many examples of countries that exploit their
oil and natural gas resources while failing to manage the revenues in a
way that improves the social and economic prospects of their people.
While there are limits to what can be accomplished, the Task Force
believes the United States must play a stronger role in promoting better
management of hydrocarbon revenues. Too often, these revenues
accrue to a small minority that is unaccountable to any representative
political authority, which not only undermines governance, but also
1 The IEF was established in 2003 as a ministerial-level dialogue between major energy
producers and consumers.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2472, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
risks the political stability that is essential to reliable production of oil
and gas. Such actions are in the U.S. interest, both because stably
governed countries are better able to attract the investment needed to
maintain and increase hydrocarbon production, and because it supports
the long-standing American goal of encouraging progress toward
democracy and good governance.
Most proposals for better management of hydrocarbon revenues
rely on encouraging investors and governments to disclose payments
and improve accounting, on the theory that greater transparency will
make it easier to detect corruption, encourage better spending of reve-
nues, and generally lead to better governance. Most notable of these
is an initiative by the British government, working through international
institutions, to implement the Extractive Industries Transparency Initia-
tive (EITI). Making such schemes work is very difficult because, while
voluntary, they can be seen as intrusions on a nation's sovereign preroga-
tive to manage its own revenues. Yet there are encouraging signs—
such as efforts in Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, and Nigeria to apply the
EIT's accounting standards—that these systems have a significant and
positive effect. The United States should play a more active role in
promoting the use of these mechanisms through its own actions and
by working to convince others, such as the governments in China and
India, of the importance of these measures.
Fifth, the U.S. government is not well organized to address the
threats to national security created by energy dependence. There is a
need to mobilize the resources of the government in a manner that
better ensures continuity of attention and integration of the political,
economic, technical, and security perspectives needed for energy policy-
making. Closer attention to organization is needed mainly in the execu-
tive branch, but complementary actions by Congress, through legislation
and hearings, will also be needed.
The success of any prescription to integrate energy issues into the
foreign policy process is made difficult by the enormous range of other
issues that demand the attention of high-level policymakers. The Task
Force recommends that a small energy security directorate be established
within the National Security Staff to coordinate interagency policymak-
ing on energy security issues. It also recommends that the secretary of

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Overview and Introduction
11
energy be engaged in any foreign policy deliberations that involve
energy issues. In addition, the Task Force suggests that the terms of
reference of all planning studies at the National Security Council (NSC),
Department of Defense, Department of State, and the intelligence
community include energy security considerations. The Task Force
cautions that it would be neither practical nor wise to insist that energy
security be the central foreign policy priority of the United States.
Scope of the Task Force's Inquiry
The Task Force has restricted its inquiry to the challenges of managing
U.S. and global dependence on imported oil and gas. This focus nece-
ssarily means that it has not addressed other important energy secu-
rity subjects.
One example is nuclear proliferation. The Task Force believes for
many reasons that the world will need more nuclear power in the
future. However, a significant increase in the number of nuclear power
plants and their associated fuel cycle could also pose risks to the prolifera-
tion of nuclear weapons. Iran is a vivid example today. It is important
to work toward an international system that prevents the spread of
potentially dangerous fuel cycle facilities while, at the same time, assuring
a reliable supply of nuclear fuel for countries that build commercial
power reactors.
We also have not addressed the important and complex foreign
policy issues surrounding global warming, an issue that will be prominent
on the foreign policy agenda in coming years, and which the Council
has addressed in an earlier publication.? A sober judgment on the best
policy for the United States to pursue requires examining a number
of factors, including the state of scientific knowledge about global
warming, the costs and benefits of different carbon emission control
mechanisms, and the timing of adoption of possible policies by other
countries, including the rapidly growing developing economies. The
Task Force did not address these issues in depth nor did it make
specific recommendations, but it has considered global warming in its
2 David G. Victor, Climate Change: Debating America's Policy Options (New York: Council
on Foreign Relations Press, 2004).

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 244, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
12 National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency

deliberations. In particular, policies intended to reduce demand for fossil
fuels—such as those advocated here—can also slow the accumulation of
gases that contribute to global warming.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1287, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy
System and the Role of
Imported Oil and Gas
Energy comes to the U.S. economy from various primary sources. Oil
and gas, the two primary energy sources that are imported in substantial
quantities, supply about 63 percent (figure 1). The third of the largest
sources of primary energy, coal, is available from abundant domestic
sources. The remaining sources are nuclear power, biomass (wood
waste and biofuels), hydroelectric power, and geothermal, solar, and
wind power.
Most (68 percent) of the oil used in the United States is for transporta-
tion, and oil fuels 96 percent of transportation needs. This domination
of oil in the transportation sector is the result of its relatively low cost
over most of history, and its convenience as a high-energy-density
liquid that is easy to store and transport. It is the dependence of the
transportation system on liquid fuel that makes oil so important in the
U.S. economy.
Natural gas, in contrast to oil, is more evenly split among end uses.
In the 1990s, the high efficiency and low capital cost of natural gas-
fired electricity-generating plants, coupled with the low price of natural
3 'The remaining supply comes from natural gas, alcohol fuels produced mainly from corn,
and small amounts of electricity.
13

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2610, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
gas, made this clean fuel the preferred choice for new electricity genera-
tion plants. But as natural gas prices have increased roughly threefold,
pulverized coal-fired steam-generating power plants have returned to
favor despite concerns about their carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. In
contrast to oil, domestic energy sources, such as coal, can substitute for
natural gas use.
Myth #1: The United States can be energy independent.
No, because liquid fuels are essential to the nation's transportation system.
Barring draconian measures, the United States will depend on imported oil
for a significant fraction ofits transportation fuel needs for at least several decades.
Oil Supply and Demand
Over the last fifty years, U.S. consumption of oil has grown continually,
except for a time during the late 1970s and early 1980s.* Whereas
consumption has generally risen, ever since the early 1970s, U.S. oil
production in the lower forty-eight states has been in decline (figure
2). As a result, net imports of oil—which is imported mainly as crude
but also refined products such as gasoline—increased steadily through
1977, declined from then until 1982, and have been growing ever
since." U.S. policymakers became alarmed in the 1970s as U.S. imports
rose to 50 percent and sought successfully to reduce demand and thus
imports to about one-third of its consumption. Today, despite these
efforts, import dependence is roughly 60 percent and expected to rise
during the coming decades.'
4 During this brief period, a combination of CAFE standards and increased oil prices
temporarily reduced demand through higher fuel efficiency and also by switching from oil to
other fuels, such as in the generation of electric power.
5 The country of origin of oil imported into the United States-currently Canada, Mexico,
Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and Nigeria are the largest suppliers—depends on many factors,
including the cost of transportation and the quality of the oil. However, the exact origin of
the imported oil is not particularly significant to its market impact since the global oil market
rapidly adjusts to match buyers and sellers. What matters is the total global balance of demand
and supply and the trends in total production and consumption.
6 The U.S. Department of Energy's EIA Annual Energy Outlook 2006 reference case
projections estimate that, for the United States, imports will grow from 58.4 percent of the
20.74 million barrels per day oil consumption in 2004 to 62.3 percent of the 27.7 million
barrels per day oil consumption in 2030.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1495, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role of Imported Oil and Gas
Figure 1: U.S. Primary Energy Consumption by Source, 2005
45
40
40-
35 -
30 -
15
23
23
15 -
10-
8
3
Petroleum
Coal
Natural Gas
Nuclear
Biomass
Electric Power
3
1
Hydrotectric Solar, mal,
Power
Source: Energy Information Administration (EIA), Annual Energy Review 2005.
After rapid price increases in 1973 and later in 1979-81, nominal
U.S. prices of crude oil dropped significantly in the early 1980s. Adjusted
for inflation, real oil prices dropped even more rapidly. As a result, the
United States and other oil consumers enjoyed a period from 1986
through 2004 of relatively stable and low prices. Since then the price
of benchmark crude oils has grown.
The price of crude oil in the United States reflects the price in the
world oil market, which depends on conditions of global supply and
demand. The sharp increase in oil prices over the past two years has
been the result of supply and demand forces: the worldwide demand
for oil has grown, notably in the United States and in China, while
oil production capacity has not risen as rapidly (figure 4). This situation
is exacerbated by stiffer environmental standards, such as rules that
require refineries to make products with lower sulfur content. New
refinery capacity has lagged, and some existing refineries cannot handle
the heavier oil with higher sulfur that is offered in the market, which
requires more processing to be upgraded into useful refined products.

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1618, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Figure 2: U.S. Consumption, Production, and Imports of Oil,
1949-2005
25
20
Consumption
Barrels
Production
Net Imports
1994
1999
2004
Source: EIA, Annual Energy Review 2005.
At times, oil prices also reflect the actions of the oil cartel OPEC.
During times that the OPEC nations have held large amounts of extra
capacity available for production, OPEC has been able to approximately
stabilize the oil price, keeping it from dropping to the very low level
that would reflect true market competition. This has been accomplished
by an imperfectly observed agreement among the OPEC members to
limit their production of crude oil and possibly through limitations on
investments in oil production capacity. At times like now when there
is very little extra capacity, the OPEC cartel has little or no ability to
keep prices from rising. The potential market power of OPEC will
not decline in future years, partly because the market share of oil
production by OPEC is not expected to decline.?
> The situation is vividly illustrated by the EIA International Energy Outlook (IEO-2006)
reference case projection that total world oil consumption will increase from 80.1 million
barrels of oil per day (MMBD) in 2003 to 118.0 MMBD in 2030 with OPEC's conventional
oil share of supply estimated to grow slightly from 38.5 percent today to about 40 percent;
unconventional oil production is estimated to account for less than 10 percent of the 2030
total. Many members of the Task Force are skeptical that either of these high production
estimates for 2030 will be achieved.

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1510, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role of Imported Oil and Gas 17
Figure 3: Nominal and Real Refiner Acquisition Costs (RAC)*
of Crude Oil
70
60-
50 -
Barel
Real Price
(2000 Dollars)
20-
10
Nominal Price
1о° гої? о" 058 ,018 дов 1 98% 196 198° 1050 05% 09% 100º ДО" 0' пРо пРО"
*RAC is the average cost of crude oil acquired by refineries in the United States.
Source: EIA, Annual Energy Review 2005.
Myth #2: Cutting oil imports will lower fuel prices.
Probably not. If policies aimed at cutting imports also reduce demand for fuel,
then prices in the world market may decline. However, policies that mandate
reduction of imports while demand stays high will force some consumers to
turn to higher-priced substitutes to meet their needs.
When there is very little extra production capacity, as may be likely
over the foreseeable future, small shifts in the worldwide supply and
demand for oil can have significant impacts on the world market. That
is because the demand for oil varies little with price, at least over short
periods of time. Thus, for example, in today's tight market a 1 percent
increase in world oil consumption (0.85 million barrels per day), or a
similar decline in supply, can be expected to increase world oil prices
by between 5 percent and 10 percent ($3.50 to $7 per barrel, at
current prices). S
8 This estimate assumes a short-run elasticity of demand between -0.1 and -0.2 and no
immediate changes in supply in response to new prices. "Elasticity" is the fraction change in

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1427, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Figure 4: Annual Growth in World Oil Demand
2.5
• Rest of World
• United States
•China
2.0
Million
M
arrels
per
Day
1.0
1.5
0.5 -
0.0
1981-90
1991-99
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
-0.5 -
Source: EIA, Short-Term Energy Outlook, February 2006 (1981-90 and 1991-99 are annual
averages).
Over a period of several years, the production capacity in the world
oil market can change in response to economic conditions, including
oil price. Higher prices create an incentive for more production, reduced
demand, and innovation for substitutes.
Over the last few decades the trend has been for major resource
holders to rely to a greater extent on national oil companies (NOCs)
to manage their oil and gas production. In recent years, with high
prices, some countries such as Russia and Venezuela have increased
the authority of these state companies. NOCs control some three-
quarters of the world's oil reserves. Indeed, the largest independent oil
company, Exxon Mobil, ranks only fourteenth on the list of proven
reserve owners, behind a long list of NOCs.
demand in response to a change in price. The small negative value indicates that, in the short
term, when prices rise there is only a small decline in consumption of oil products. The
elasticity values used here, which are typical, are estimated by Task Force members based on
extensive published literature.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2325, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role of Imported Oil and Gas
19
Chih scare he renais the son abi, Be, Stel, and
No, the resources and production controlled by large international oil compa-
nies are small compared with the NOCs. The pace of increasing extraction
of hydrocarbons probably rests largely with NOCs, many of which are not
governed solely by economic considerations. The international major compa-
nies control only about one-tenth of the world's proven hydrocarbon resources.
The presence of NOCs is important because many NOCs do not
respond to market forces as would a private, competitive firm. In some
circumstances this can benefit consumers, including U.S. consumers.
For example, for many years, Saudi Aramco has maintained excess
capacity that has helped to stabilize the world market. In other cases,
however, the NOCs have constrained supply for longer than needed
because these companies have either chosen to limit their production
levels in order to support prices or have had difficulty attracting the
capital and technology needed to maintain and expand output. Some
NOCs, often because of domestic political influences, are inefficient,
such as Mexico's Pemex and, now, Venezuela's PDVSA following
President Hugo Chávez's coming into power and stripping the com-
pany of much of its expertise. Other NOCs, such as Saudi Aramco
and Brazil's Petrobras, are more efficient. Investment decisions on
actions to increase production by an NOC can be less responsive to
market price signals than an investor-owned international oil company
(IOC). The basic pattern of resource ownership and production control
between IOCs and NOCs is unlikely to change appreciably—or at
least not under the influence of U.S. policy—as many oil-rich countries
have decided to vest control over their natural resources in state enter-
prises. However, there is some potential to improve efficiency by
assisting those that welcome reforms in management and operations.
The high price of oil imposes real costs on the U.S. economy,
lowering the living standard of American households. A $25 per barrel
price rise reduces real income by about 1 percent of gross domestic
product (GDP). In addition, the payments for oil lead to large dollar
balances built up by oil producers, "petrodollars," giving them potential

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 978, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Table 1: World Proved Oil Reserves by Country as of January 1,
2006 (billion barrels)
Country
Saudi Arabia
Canada
Iran
Trag
Kuwait
United Arab Emirates
Venezuela
Russia
Libya
Nigeria
United States
China
Qatar
Mexico
Algeria
Brazil
Kazakhstan
Norway
Azerbaijan
India
Rest of World
World Total
Oil Reserves
264.3
178.8
132.5
115.0
101.5
97.8
79.7
60.0
39.1
35.9
21.4
18.3
15.2
12.9
11.4
11.2
9.0
7.7
7.0
5.8
68.1
1,292.5
Source: "Worldwide Look at Reserves and Production," Oil & Gas Journal 103: 47 (December
19, 2005), pp. 24-25.
leverage over U.S. capital markets.? Our concern is not primarily with
the economic consequences of this adjustment process but rather with
the reduced freedom of action and influence for the United States in
9 This estimate reflects simply the change in cost from oil imports as a fraction of economic
output. The current annual GDP is about $13.2 trillion (data from second quarter 2006).

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1364, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role of Imported Oil and Gas 21
Table 2: Top World Oil Producers, 2004*
Country
Total Oil Production**
(million barrels per day)
Saudi Arabia
10.37
Russia
9.27
United States
8.69
Iran
4.09
Mexico
3.83
6)
7)
China
3.62
Norway
3.18
Canada
3.14
Venezuela
2.86
10)
United Arab Emirates
2.76
11)
Kuwait
2.51
12)
Nigeria
2.51
13)
United Kingdom
2.08
14)
_ Iraq
2.03
*Table includes all countries' total oil production exceeding 2 million barrels per day in 2004.
**Total oil production includes crude oil, natural gas liquids, condensate, refinery gain, and
other liquids.
Source: See www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/cabs/topworldtables1_2.html.
the conduct of its foreign affairs. In addition to constraining U.S. action,
the revenues and dependencies in the world oil market empower oil-
rich countries-such as Iran and Venezuela-to carry out foreign
policies that are hostile to that of the United States.
Even at today's high prices, global demand is still expected to grow.
Prospectively, developed economies are anticipated to increase their
consumption of oil at perhaps 1 percent per year, while developing
economies such as China, India, Brazil, Indonesia, and Mexico are
A $25 per barrel rise in oil prices would increase the annual cost of oil imports (12.7 million
barrels per day) by $116 billion, or about 0.9 percent of GDP.

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2246, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
expected to increase their consumption in the range of 3 to 4 per-
cent annually.
Though there will be ups and downs over time, the real price of
oil will probably continue to increase. The reason is that for the past
one hundred years or so, the United States and other industrialized
countries have consumed large amounts of oil, depleting the most
readily available "conventional" oil resources. As these low-cost con-
ventional oils are depleted, exploration and production will turn to
progressively more expensive sources, such as oil in extremely deep
water and tar sands.
So while the world will not soon "run out of oil," these new
supplies are almost surely going to be more difficult and expensive to
produce than in the past. Production from existing fields is declining,
on average, about 5 percent per year (roughly 4.3 million barrels per
day), and thus even sustaining current levels of consumption requires
an enormous effort. Technology will offer better exploration tools and
more efficient techniques for recovery of oil-in-place, but at additional
cost. Because the oil price is determined by the cost of the marginal
barrel, it is thus more costly oil that will determine the increasing price
trajectory in the future.
Myth #4: There's plenty of low-cost oil ready to be tapped.
Unlikely. For the past 150 years the world has used low-cost oil, such as in
Saudi Arabia and East Texas. Over the long run, progressively higher-cost
sources of oil will need to be tapped. That, on average, will translate into
higher oil prices. The world cannot "drill its way out of this problem."
The depletion of conventional sources, especially those close to the
major markets in the United States, Western Europe, and Asia, means
that the production and transport of oil will become even more depen-
dent on an infrastructure that is already vulnerable. In particular, oil
supply is expected to continue to concentrate in the Persian Gulf,
which holds the world's largest geologically attractive reserves (table
1), and is a region that has been unstable and includes countries that
have periodically used their oil exports for political purposes unfriendly
to the United States.

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2429, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role of Imported Oil and Gas 23
A large fraction of the world's traded oil already passes through a
handful of strategic choke points, such as the Strait of Hormuz. The
infrastructure for delivering oil has several potential weak links, including
major oil processing facilities that are vital yet vulnerable to attack
and difficult to repair. In February 2006, terrorists linked to al-Qaeda
attempted, but failed, to destroy the Abgaig processing facility in Saudi
Arabia, where 6.8 million barrels per day of oil (some two-thirds of
total Saudi production) are processed before export.'° There have been
numerous efforts to strengthen these facilities, both through physical
hardening and through improved surveillance and coordination by
security services. As the world market for oil relies on increasingly
distant sources of supply, often in insecure places, the need to protect
the production and transportation infrastructure will grow.
Changes in domestic policies can have significant effects on con-
sumption and production. Such potential effects of policy are particularly
pronounced in the United States, which accounts for about one-quarter
of the world's oil consumption and one-tenth of oil production. If the
United States were to reduce its oil consumption by 10 percent (2.5
percent of world demand), the effect in current tight oil markets could
be a temporary decline in global prices (about 12 percent to 25 percent)
and a lowering of the anticipated rate of future increases."
In general, policies intended to affect consumption or supply are
slow to take effect. Supply projects require long periods of planning,
permitting, and construction. Policies intended to affect demand must
recognize the large scale of the equipment and facilities that comprise
the transportation infrastructure and the long time needed for innova-
tion. For example, in the United States the median age of automobiles
is nine years; the full cycle of developing the concept for a new
automobile, design, production, and use in the final marketplace extends
even longer.
10 The ability of Saudi security services to thwart the Abgaig attack illustrates that successful
protection is possible; a result of the considerable attention the Saudis place on internal security
and infrastructure protection.
11 As in footnote 8, and assuming no immediate changes in supply due to lower prices.

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2426, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Natural Gas Supply and Demand
The organization of the markets and the role for imports of natural gas
are different from that of oil. Until the late 1990s, the North American
market for natural gas was essentially independent from other major
gas markets. Production of domestic natural gas has not increased
sufficiently to meet rising demand and, over the last two decades, the
gap has been met mainly by rising imports from Canada. Mexico has
not been successful in increasing its production of gas, and Mexico has
become a net importer of gas from the United States.
Today, about 2 percent of the total gas supply in North America
comes from outside the continent in the form of liquefied natural gas.
Most projections envision that LNG will account for a larger share of
North American gas supply in the future as demand for gas continues
to rise and natural gas production in the United States, Canada, and
Mexico is not expected to keep pace (figure 5).
There is well-founded concern about the availability of adequate
supplies of natural gas to the North American market over the next
several years. Additional gas from less accessible areas of Canada, as well
as the long-planned gas pipeline from Alaska to the lower forty-eight
states, the Alaskan Natural Gas Transportation System, could augment
supply. Most analysts anticipate that LNG will fill the remaining gap.
Initially, LNG imports will be a small portion of total North American
gas supply but could ultimately prove troublesome in the future if the
fraction of LNG in total gas supply rises, creating a dependency on
imported gas.
The international natural gas trade will cause a fundamental shift
over the coming two decades in the forces that affect gas prices and
supplies in the United States. The trade in gas will connect the United
States and other major gas-consuming regions of the world through
an international gas market. In Europe, the question of security of gas
supply already looms large. Russia accounts for about one-quarter of
European supplies, while Algeria provides 11 percent, and there are
questions about the reliability of these two suppliers. The reliability of
the Russian supply has become particularly worrisome after the recent
pricing disputes between the Russian giant Gazprom and Belarus and
Ukraine, which resulted in brief interruptions of Russian supplies. At

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1500, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: The U.S. Energy System and the Role of Imported Oil and Gas 25
Figure 5: North American Natural Gas Consumption and
Production, 1980-2025
45
40
35
Imports (LNG)
Consumption
Trillion Cubic Feet per Year
30
25
Production:
15
10
0 +
1980
1985
1990
1995
Source: EIA, Annual Energy Outlook 2005.
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
the same time, Gazprom has also threatened additional curtailments if
European buyers seek to diversify away from Russian gas. As Europe
becomes even more dependent on Russian gas supply, it is likely that
European governments will become even more reluctant to challenge
Russia's behavior on a wide range of issues, such as nonproliferation
and anticorruption. Managing these relationships is first and foremost
a task for European policymakers, but there are consequences for the
United States as natural gas markets become interconnected
Over time, there will be growing pressure on the United States to
develop the capacity to manage disruptions to gas supplies. The best
protection against those insecurities is to sustain the North American
natural gas production base. But it is also necessary to integrate the
North American natural gas market into an orderly international market
for natural gas through a robust network of LNG re-gasification termi-
nals, pipeline transportation, and storage. The market, on its own, is
moving in this direction but constructive policy measures, for example,
to facilitate siting of LNG facilities and pipelines, are needed.

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1485, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: How Dependence on
Imported Energy Affects
U.S. Foreign Policy
The Task Force has identified five major reasons why dependence on
energy traded in world markets is a matter of concern for U.S. foreign
policy. We have also examined a sixth, the relationship of military force
structure to oil dependence.
First, the control over enormous oil revenues gives exporting coun-
tries the flexibility to adopt policies that oppose U.S. interests and values.
Iran proceeds with a program that appears to be headed toward acquiring
a nuclear weapons capability. Russia is able to ignore Western attitudes
as it has moved to authoritarian policies in part because huge revenues
from oil and gas exports are available to finance that style of government.
Venezuela has the resources from its oil exports to invite realignment
in Latin American political relationships and to fund changes such as
Argentina's exit from its International Monetary Fund (IMF) standby
agreement and Bolivia's recent decision to nationalize its oil and gas
resources. Because of their oil wealth, these and other producer countries
are free to ignore U.S. policies and to pursue interests inimical to our
national security.
Second, oil dependence causes political realignments that constrain
the ability of the United States to form partnerships to achieve common
objectives. Perhaps the most pervasive effect arises as countries depen-
dent on imports subtly modify their policies to be more congenial to
26

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2529, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: How Dependence on Imported Energy Affects U.S. Foreign Policy 27
suppliers. For example, China is aligning its relationships in the Middle
East (e.g., Iran and Saudi Arabia) and Africa (e.g., Nigeria and Sudan)
because of its desire to secure oil supplies. France and Germany, and
with them much of the European Union, are more reluctant to confront
difficult issues with Russia and Iran because of their dependence on
imported oil and gas as well as the desire to pursue business opportunities
in those countries.
These new realignments have further diminished U.S. leverage,
particularly in the Middle East and Central Asia. For example, Chinese
interest in securing oil and gas supplies challenges U.S. influence in
central Asia, notably in Kazakhstan. And Russia's influence is likely to
grow as it exports oil and (within perhaps a decade) large amounts of
natural gas to Japan and China.
All consuming countries, including the United States, are more
constrained in dealing with producing states when oil markets are tight.
To cite one current example, concern about losing Iran's 2.5 million
barrels per day of world oil exports will cause importing states to be
reluctant to take action against Iran's nuclear program.
Third, high prices and seemingly scarce supplies create fears—
especially evident in Beijing and New Delhi, as well as in European
capitals and in Washington—that the current system of open markets
is unable to ensure secure supply. The present competition has resulted
in oil and gas deals that include political arrangements in addition to
commercial terms. Highly publicized Chinese oil investments in Africa
have included funding for infrastructure projects such as an airport, a
railroad, and a telecommunications system, in addition to the agreement
that the oil be shipped to China. Many more of these investments also
include equity stakes for state-controlled Chinese companies. Another
example is Chinese firms taking a position in Saudi Arabia, along with
several Western firms, in developing Saudi Arabia's gas infrastructure.
At present, these arrangements have little effect on world oil and
gas markets because the volumes affected are small. However, such
arrangements are spreading. These arrangements are worrisome because
they lead to special political relationships that pose difficulties for the
United States. And they allow importers to believe that they obtain
security through links to particular suppliers rather than from the proper
functioning of a global market.

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2530, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
We note that the United States, in the past, has also taken decisions
to restrict markets partly due to similar concerns about energy security.
For example, when the trans-Alaska pipeline opened, it included a
prohibition against exporting the oil. The hostility toward proposals by
the Chinese National Overseas Oil Company (CNOOC) to purchase
Union Oil of California is seen by some as denying investment opportu-
nity in the U.S. market in a similar manner to what the United States
decries about other nations' conduct. The Task Force believes that
foreign entities should be able to purchase U.S. assets provided that
the acquisitions meet the criteria established by the Committee on
Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS). '2
Opening a dialogue with rapidly growing consumers, notably China
and India, can help those consumers gain confidence that will lead to
a greater willingness to allow markets to operate. (We return to this
policy recommendation later.) The United States and other consuming
countries have a tremendous interest in maintaining the present open
market oil commodity trading rules.
Fourth, revenues from oil and gas exports can undermine local
governance. The United States has an interest in promoting good
governance both for its own sake and because it encourages investment
that can increase the level and security of supply. States that are politically
unstable and poorly governed often struggle with the task of responsibly
managing the large revenues that come from their oil and gas exports.
The elements of good governance include democratic accountability,
low corruption, and fiscal transparency. Production in fragile democra-
cies, such as in Nigeria, can be undermined when politicians or local
warlords focus on ways to seize oil and gas rents rather than on the
longer-term task of governance. Totalitarian governments that have
control over those revenue flows can entrench their rule.
When markets are tight, large oil consumers have tended to become
especially focused on securing supply and ignore the effects of their
investments on corruption and mismanagement. In Sudan, for example,
despite civil war and widespread human rights abuses, the Chinese
government and its oil enterprises are funding extensive oil supply and
12 Alan P. Larson and David M. Marchick, Foreign Investment and National Security: Getting
the Balance Right, a Council Special Report (New York: Council on Foreign Relations Press, 2006).

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2615, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings: How Dependence on Imported Energy Affects U.S. Foreign Policy 29
infrastructure projects. China has used its threat of a veto in the UN
Security Council to thwart collective efforts by other countries to
manage the Darfur crisis in Sudan. Similarly, China, India, and several
Western European countries continue to invest in Iran despite the need
to contain its nuclear aspirations.
Fifth, a significant interruption in oil supply will have adverse political
and economic consequences in the United States and in other importing
countries. When such a disruption occurs, it upends all ongoing policy
activity in a frantic effort to return to normal conditions. Inevitably,
those efforts include matters of foreign policy, such as coordination
with other countries to find measures that will mitigate the consequences
of the supply disruption. Some of these responses may be preplanned,
such as the coordinated release of strategic reserves, but other responses
will be hurried, ineffectual, or even counterproductive.
Sixth, some observers see a direct relationship between the depen-
dence of the United States on oil, especially from the Persian Gulf,
and the size of the U.S. defense budget. Such a relationship invites the
inference that if it were not dependent on this oil, the United States
and its allies would have no interest in the region, and hence it would
be possible to achieve significant reductions in the U.S. military posture.
In the extreme, this argument says that if the nation reduced its depen-
dence, then the defense budget could be reduced as well.
U.S. strategic interests in reliable oil supplies from the Persian Gulf
are not proportional with the percent of oil consumption that is imported
by the United States from the region. Until very low levels of depen-
dence are reached, the United States and all other consumers of oil
will depend on the Persian Gulf. Such low levels will certainly not be
reached during the twenty-year time frame of this study.
Even if the Persian Gulf did not have the bulk of the world's readily
available oil reserves, there would be reasons to maintain a substantial
military capability in the region. The activities of Iran today and Iraq,
especially prior to 1991, underline the seriousness of threats from weap-
ons of mass destruction. Combating terrorism also requires a presence
in the Gulf. In addition to military activities, a U.S. presence in the
region can help to improve political stability.
At least for the next two decades, the Persian Gulf will be vital
to U.S. interests in reliable oil supply, nonproliferation, combating

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1809, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
terrorism, and encouraging political stability, democracy, and public
welfare. Accordingly, the United States should expect and support a
strong military posture that permits suitably rapid deployment to the
region, if required
It is worthwhile to explain what should and should not be expected
from this military force, and how it serves U.S. interests. Most impor-
tantly, the conventional force of the United States deters aggression in
the region. Any nation (or subnational group) that contemplates violence
on any scale must take into account the possibility of U.S. preemption,
intervention, or retaliation. Deterrence is powerful, but it does not
always work (especially if the possibility of a military response is not
raised). For example, deterrence did not prevent the Iran-Irag war of
the early 1980s. Because no clear and credible signal was sent of a
possible response in 1990, Saddam Hussein was not deterred from
invading Kuwait. Nevertheless, the U.S. military posture with its capac-
ity to intervene, if managed wisely, can play a role in stabilizing this
highly fragile region and make many countries in the region more
secure from hostile action by their neighbors.
Several standard operations of U.S. regionally deployed forces have
made important contributions to improving energy security, and the
continuation of such efforts will be necessary in the future. U.S. naval
protection of the sea-lanes that transport oil is of paramount importance.
Joint training and exercises with local military units and military-to-
military exchanges and support programs also make an important contri-
bution—such as in West Africa, where U.S. naval and Coast Guard
units have assisted local authorities in suppressing piracy of crude oil.

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1076, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations:
U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
Objectives for Domestic Policy
The need to reduce imports of oil in the United States and to better
balance the world oil market leads naturally to the following five
policy objectives:
• Increase efficiency of oil and gas use;
• Switch from oil-derived products to alternatives;
• Encourage supply of oil from sources outside the Persian Gulf;
• Make the oil and gas infrastructure more efficient and secure; and
• Increase investment in new energy technologies.
It is important to recognize that in most cases, change will be slow.
The enormous magnitude of equipment and facilities that comprise
the energy supply and demand system implies that even once technolog-
ies begin to be adopted, full replacement of the existing facilities will
take several decades.
Increase Ejliciency of Oil and Gas Use
The United States needs to adopt technologies and processes that require
less energy use for the energy services it receives. Consumers and
businesses want energy services, such as transportation, lighting, and
31

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2441, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
air-conditioning. There are combinations of energy, materials, labor,
and equipment that can be used to produce most of these energy
services more efficiently. For example, a hybrid-electric vehicle provides
transportation services that are similar to conventional cars but with
different equipment that allows for much more efficient use of gasoline.
When consumers and businesses have sufficient information, they
can be expected to choose the technologies and processes that provide
the desired energy services at the lowest cost from their perspective.
However, the lowest cost option from the perspective of energy users
may not be the lowest cost option from the perspective of the United
States when broader considerations such as energy security, environ-
mental externalities, and long-term welfare are included. Thus, the
United States should adopt policies that encourage consumers and
businesses to use less oil and other forms of energy while still obtaining
the energy services they need.
Switch from Oil-derived Products to Alternatives
While recognizing that there will be no significant early relief, the
United States needs to begin now to adopt technologies and processes
that allow for the use of fuels other than those based on petroleum, in
particular those alternative fuels that reduce the negative consequences
that come from the country's reliance on imported petroleum. For
example, oil is still used for space heating of buildings in some regions;
however, those buildings could be heated by natural gas directly or,
for larger buildings, by efficient cogeneration of electricity and space
heating. Cars and other light vehicles could be fueled with increasingly
larger fractions of biomass-derived liquids (such as ethanol), and vehicles
can be fueled by compressed natural gas. Light duty vehicles could be
powered increasingly over time by electricity rather than gasoline or
diesel fuel. The current generation of hybrid-electric vehicles may be
supplanted by "plug-in hybrids," which allow some fraction of the
mileage to be powered by electricity that is charged from the grid,
perhaps leading to an eventual transition to fully electric vehicles.
13
13 These hybrids are powered entirely by gasoline or diesel. Electricity is generated by
an onboard internal combustion gasoline (or diesel) engine and is also captured through
regenerative braking.

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2443, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
33
Electric cars and plug-in hybrids require attention to the sources of'
electricity. Conventional coal-fired electricity (which accounts for the
majority of the U.S. power supply) emits COz. Advanced coal techno-
logies that make it possible to capture and sequester most of the CO2
underground are still in their infancy. Some forms of renewable energy,
for example, wind, which emits no CO2, may play an increasing role
in the electric grid. At this time, however, most renewable energy
projects are not commercially viable without subsidies or regulatory
mandates. If the new incremental electric power-generating capacity
required for vehicles is fired with natural gas, then electrification could
merely shift dependence on imported oil to dependence on imported
gas. If the electricity generation is by nuclear power, then a transition
to electric and plug-in cars displaces oil. Thus, nuclear power, among
other electric power supply options, offers an important long-term
pathway to displacing oil as a transportation fuel.
The United States should increase the supply of energy sources that
can be used in place of oil in end uses or in electric generation. If
natural gas prices are attractive, operators of dual-fired electric generation
plants will use natural gas in place of oil. An increase in natural gas
supply need not come from conventional sources and might include
supply from LNG or unconventional sources, such as coal bed methane
and tight sands.
Myth #5: Renewable energy and nuclear power can quickly reduce
dependence on oil and gas.
Cellulosic biomass, a renewable fuel with a potential for significant scale, is a
leading contender to directly displace transportation fuels. However, the full
potential of this technology will take time to develop, and there are no
commercially viable cellulosic biomass production units in operation today.
Moreover, this biomass source of liquid fuels will need to compete with liquid
fuels derived from coal and natural gas, which are also attracting investment.
Electricity—whether derived from renewable energy (e.g., photovoltaics,
hydropower, geothermal, and wind), nuclear, or other sources such as coal—
at present substitutes only for a tiny fraction of oil used in the United States
and other advanced countries. Improvements in plug-in hybrid and all-electric
cars could change that situation in the future.

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2356, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
34
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Biomass offers an important potential source for liquid fuels. At
present, significant federal and state subsidies are accelerating the use
of ethanol derived from corn and (to a much lesser degree) sugar. New
technologies that use cellulosic feedstock to produce biofuels hold the
promise of becoming commercially viable while requiring less oil and
natural gas per gallon to produce ethanol than today's corn-based
technologies, thus replacing significant quantities of oil.
Encourage Supply of Oil from Sources Outside the Persian Gulf
Increases in oil supply can have the same effect on the world oil price
as a decline in oil demand. Therefore, the world should be encouraging
oil production everywhere. Increased oil supply from sources outside
the Persian Gulf, where much oil export is already concentrated, is
especially valuable to the world market because it can reduce depen-
dence on this politically fragile region.
Increased supply of oil from U.S. sources, just as increased supply
from any source, places a downward pressure on oil prices. But increased
supply from U.S. sources has the additional foreign policy benefit of
directly reducing imports of oil into the United States.
The supply increases need not be from conventional oil sources.
Drawing from the substantial U.S. reserves of unconventional oil and
gas—such as tar sands and oil shale-could have the same impacts
on world oil price and on U.S. oil imports.* Similarly, Canadian
development of its unconventional sources, particularly tar sands, could
help limit world oil price increases.
Make the Oil and Gas Infrastructure More Efficient and Secure
The infrastructure for the reliable supply of oil and gas can be made
more efficient and secure through attention in three areas.
First, oil stockpiles remain essential to protect markets against severe
disruptions in supply. The United States and many other oil-importing
countries created strategic petroleum reserves in the 1970s to help
14 Although increasing these unconventional sources would have the same foreign policy
benefits to the United States, such an increase would cause environmental concerns. New
developments in shale oil technology make this source more economic than in the past while
also ameliorating some of the past environmental concerns.

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2475, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
35
manage risks associated with oil supply disruptions. The U.S. reserve
now includes almost 700 million barrels of crude oil; the Energy Policy
Act of 2005 directs that this be expanded to 1 billion barrels. Oil can
be drawn from the reserve in response to a temporary oil market supply
disruption and thereby keep world oil prices from rising precipitously.
Although originally envisioned to protect against oil supply disruptions
from oil-exporting nations, the reserve has been drawn upon to limit
crude oil price increases after hurricanes Katrina and Rita reduced U.S.
offshore production. While these stocks play an important role, since
the 1970s there have been many changes in the context for these
reserves. In particular, there is a robust futures market today for oil
commodities, and the management of petroleum inventories controlled
by private firms has become more sophisticated, which creates a need
to reassess the purpose and operation of these reserves.
Second, the U.S. oil and natural gas infrastructure could be made
less vulnerable to disruption either from natural disasters or terrorist
attacks. Refineries, oil and gas pipelines, and production facilities face
such risks. And as was seen after Katrina and Rita, the vulnerability
can be indirect: refineries and pipelines were shut down, in part because
electricity was not available to power these facilities.
Third, the strategy has been, and should continue to be, improved
economic management after oil price jumps. In the 1973-74 crisis, the
federal government imposed price and allocation controls on refined
petroleum products. Similarly, price controls limited retail price increases
when oil prices jumped after the Iranian hostage crisis. These price
controls contributed to gasoline shortages that were evident, for exam-
ple, in long lines at retail gasoline stations. During the more recent
spike in prices, the government did not attempt to control supply, and
prices were allowed to increase and the market for fuel was allowed
to clear, with no lines at gasoline stations. Although high prices are
painful for consumers of gasoline and other refined products, shortages
created by government intervention can cause even more difficulties.
Increase Investment in New Energy Technologies
Achieving the above four objectives will require the development and
deployment of new technologies at commercial scale. The high price

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2681, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
36
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
of oil is a strong incentive to the private sector to make the investments
needed to develop and deploy new technologies. This innovative
activity will range from entrepreneurial start-up companies to venture
capital funds to large energy and chemical companies. The targets for
innovation will include both demand and supply technologies and all
fuels from renewables to oil. Just in the past two years, hundreds of
start-up companies have been founded in areas from biofuels to batteries.
In addition, large oil and chemical companies have launched develop-
ment projects on biomass, shale, and coal-to-liquids. Research activity
has increased dramatically in the nation's universities and laboratories.
These private investments are likely to yield some fruit on their
own. However, the pace of the private sector progress depends on a
complementary program of federal energy technology research, devel-
opment, and demonstration projects. The reason is that investment in
new energy technologies is made by private sector firms in response
to their assessment of future market conditions, which include the
expected price of oil, environmental regulations, and government incen-
tives such as tax credits or attractive financing. But, for a variety of
reasons, private firms do not take into account the full range of national
benefits that come from investment in energy technology R&D.!
Private investment will fall short of what is needed, and there is a role
for government support of R&D toward the other broad goals for
domestic energy policy (increasing energy efficiency, facilitating switch-
ing away from oil, increasing the supply of oil from both foreign and
domestic sources, and allowing for a more secure and capable energy
infrastructure).
The Department of Energy (DOE) has responsibility for most of
the federal RD&D effort but other agencies also sponsor and perform
relevant work. The appropriate mix of RD&D by government agen-
cies, universities, research labs, and private corporations can be debated,
as can the proper mix of research, development, and demonstration
15 Among the many reasons why private firms do not invest in R&D at a level commensurate
with the large benefits that R&D offers to society: intellectual property rights are incomplete,
particularly for long-term R&D; energy technology advances often have important spillovers
to other technologies that might not benefit the firms doing the R&D; and, absent credible
policy commitments and economic incentives, firms cannot expect to capture the national
security and environmental benefits of their new technology investments.

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2472, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
37
projects. However, the Task Force is critical of the continuing U.S.
federal RD&D effort; it is fragmented, unfocused, and tries to be all
things to all people. More investment in new energy technologies on
the supply and demand side of energy markets is needed as part of a
long-term energy policy strategy if the United States is to adequately
manage the transition away from a petroleum-based economy.
Task Force Recommendations to Achieve Domestic
Policy Objectives
Task Force members believe that there are many domestic policy
instruments that could be used to achieve the five objectives.
Increase Energy Ejficiency
The Task Force is unanimous in concluding that stronger incentives
are needed to encourage investment in energy efficiency and fuel
switching by the hundreds of millions of consumers and commercial
enterprises in the United States. Individual users must face prices for
energy services that are brought in line with the full costs incurred by
the United States from importing oil.
Because two-thirds of the oil used in the U.S. economy is for
transportation, and most of that (60 percent) is used in personal vehicles
such as automobiles, minivans, and sport-utility vehicles (SUVs), special
attention is needed for policy instruments that could slow the growth
in demand for gasoline.
One measure would reduce the growth in demand for gasoline
over time: a substantial federal excise tax on gasoline.l Such a tax would
16 As an example, consider a gasoline tax of $1 per gallon added to a gasoline price that
would otherwise be $3 per gallon. We assume that the entire $1 would become part of the
gasoline price so that the gasoline price would become $4 per gallon. Over the first several
years, such a tax could be expected to reduce the use of gasoline by between 3 percent and
6 percent from its otherwise expected growth path. Most of this response would result from
people driving less, although some would result from multiple-car families using the more
fuel-efficient of the vehicles available. Over a course of ten or more years, the largest impact
could be the fuel economy of the vehicles purchased. If one assumed a demand elasticity of
0.6, such a gasoline tax could reduce long-run use of gasoline by about 16 percent from its
otherwise expected growth path. A $1 per gallon gasoline tax would still leave gasoline prices
lower than those typical in the European nations.

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2630, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
38
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
encourage less driving as well as increased efforts by automakers to
develop and market more fuel-efficient vehicles. The impacts on oil
imports would be small at first but would grow over time as the total
fleet of vehicles became more efficient. However, over the years, this
measure has faced insurmountable opposition.
A second measure would tighten and reform the Corporate Average
Fuel Economy rules. These rules, enacted in 1975 in the wake of the
first oil crisis, set minimum average fuel economies (miles per gallon)
on the domestically produced and imported fleets of new vehicles sold
by each manufacturer each year." An advantage of reforming and
tightening CAFE standards is that such changes would lead to greater
fuel economy than expected from likely increases in gasoline prices.
A disadvantage is that CAFE focuses on the fuel economy of vehicles
and provides no incentives for reduced driving. If increased CAFE
standards would make driving less costly by forcing more efficient cars
on the road, people would offset some of the benefits by driving more.
The third option would be to place a cap on gasoline consumption
and adopt a system of tradable vouchers. This approach would have a
similar incentive effect as a tax, but would redistribute income among
consumers. Consumers in rural or suburban areas, who drive more
than average, could purchase vouchers from consumers in urban areas
who drive less than average. With a gasoline tax, the amount of the
tax would be known but the actual consumption of gasoline would
be somewhat uncertain, depending on weather, consumer tastes, season
of year, and consumer response to higher prices. With vouchers, the
consumption would be fixed but the price of the vouchers could
fluctuate sharply in response to the same factors. Changes in consumer
beliefs about future gasoline demand changes could lead to radical and
17 The averaging was more precisely of gallons per mile for each make and model, weighted
by the number of vehicles sold of the various makes and models. That average is different
from averaging miles per gallon, using the same weights.
18 As an example, a 40 percent increase in the CAFE standards would reduce gasoline use
by 29 percent once the fleet of vehicles completely turned over, if there were no impacts on
driving. However, if this gasoline reduction also reduced the fuel cost per mile of driving by
20 percent, total driving could be expected to increase by between 3.5 percent and 7 percent,
leading to a net reduction in gasoline use of between 24 percent and 26 percent.

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2610, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
39
rapid shifts in the market prices of the vouchers.!' The Task Force does
not agree on which measures, used singly or in combination, would
be best.
Numerous other policies could have an effect on fuel consumption
as well. Many experts note that a shift from cars to mass transit could
have a major effect in reducing oil consumption, in addition to other
benefits. Where such actions substitute electricity for oil, such as in
subways and other electrified trains, these policies may enhance energy
security as well. However, expanding electricity-generating capacity and
electricity transmission in the United States is not without its challenges.
Other mechanisms have also been proposed and/or implemented
for increasing energy efficiency outside of the transportation sectors
and for increasing the amount of fuel switching away from oil.?
Switch from Oil-derived Products to Alternatives
In order to substitute alternatives for oil, those substitutes must be
available at a cost that consumers see as competitive with oil. Many
different policy instruments can be used, and some have been adopted
to increase the availability of oil alternatives while reducing their cost
to consumers.
The protectionist $0.54 per gallon tariff on imported ethanol
should be removed. Such an action would make it easier for domestic
fuel suppliers to introduce more biomass-derived liquid fuels into the
U.S. market from countries such as Brazil, where ethanol production
is much more cost-effective than in the United States. While an impor-
tant step, elimination of the tariff is likely to have only a relatively small
positive impact on supply initially because the countries with major
19 For example, if expected near-term demand for gasoline increased 5 percent, the price
of vouchers would increase by between 25 percent and 50 percent of the gasoline price plus
voucher price, say between $1 and $2 per gallon voucher price increase.
20 Examples include: weatherization programs for residential buildings; utility-based energy
efficiency investments; Energy Star designations for appliances; building standards and heating,
ventilating, and air conditioning (HVAC) standards for buildings; "flex your power" alerts
encouraging reduction in electricity use on peak power days; and rebate programs for reducing
electricity usage below levels measured for the previous year. Suggestions include: mandates
requiring flexible-fuel vehicles; fuel tax exemptions for alternative fuels; and renewable portfolio
standards for blending of liquids with gasoline.

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2328, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
40
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
export potential based on current ethanol technology have, at present,
only limited production capacity. Newer ethanol technologies offer
greater promise and will be considered below.
The Task Force believes that the United States should make
greater use of nuclear power. With high natural gas prices and
concern about CO, emissions, there is renewed interest in nuclear
power. In the near term, new nuclear plants will be ordered and built
only if the U.S. government is successful in making clear progress on
nuclear waste management, creating a reasonable regulatory framework
for licensing nuclear plants with acceptable safety risk, and meeting
proliferation concerns. In turn, the additional electricity supply will
eventually make it easier to achieve greater substitution of electricity
for oil, such as through use of plug-in hybrid cars and other cost-
effective electricity-based transportation technologies.
Encourage Supply of Oil from All Sources
While oil output from the United States is declining and gas production
is flat, some potentially rich fields have remained off limits. These
include the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) in Alaska, off-
shore southern California, the east coast of Florida, the Gulf of Mexico,
and publicly controlled areas in the Rocky Mountains. Opening of
some of these areas could reduce the rate of decline of U.S. production.
However, drilling in all these areas—especially ANWR and off the
coasts of California and Florida—has been very controversial. Environ-
mental groups have strongly objected to drilling in ANWR; the states of
California and Florida have strongly objected to drilling off their coasts.
The United States also holds substantial reserves of unconventional
oil and gas, such as tar sands, oil shale, and deep gas. These deposits
have historically been costly to extract, but higher hydrocarbon prices
along with improved technologies make them more feasible today.
Most of the U.S. tar sands resource, which totals about 20 billion barrels,
is found in eastern Utah, located mainly on public lands. However, the
Task Force notes that there are formidable environmental obstacles,
including the large amounts of energy (and thus CO, emissions) required
to extract and process these heavy oils.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2398, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
41
Taken together, the potential increase in domestic conventional oil
production would make only a modest contribution to total U.S.
supply. However, one of the foreign policy energy security goals of
the United States is to encourage other countries to make investments
in maintaining or increasing their production. Visible steps to increase
oil production in the United States could play an important role in
convincing other countries to expand their production.
Make the U.S. Energy Infrastructure More Efficient and Secure
A well-functioning and efficient energy infrastructure should keep the
cost of distribution of energy from producers to consumers as low as
possible while also assuring that the energy system is able to adjust
reliably to perturbations. The United States should take several measures
to strengthen its energy infrastructure to achieve these two goals.
First, the U.S. energy infrastructure must be made less vul-
nerable to disruption from natural disasters and terrorist attacks.
Despite many warnings and much talk, efforts to bring the government
and industry together to make the oil, gas, and electricity infrastructure
less vulnerable have delivered mixed results. On the one hand, federal
and some state regulators, working with industry, have taken steps to
reduce vulnerabilities. These include a recent program, led by industry
and endorsed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC),
to encourage utilities to build and share stockpiles of spare transformers.
On the other hand, the robustness of the oil, gas, and electricity infra-
structures remain unknown in important ways; hurricanes Katrina and
Rita served as a reminder that much additional effort remains. Reducing
the vulnerability and improving the robustness of other energy infra-
structure facilities, for example, power plants and the electric grid, are
important. The U.S. government must develop a policy, beyond the
present ad hoc arrangements, to clarify who
should pay for these
improvements.
Second, the U.S. refinery industry is beset by many regula-
tions that are reducing the incentive for needed investment to
upgrade the capacity to process larger amounts of heavier crude
oils. Consider these examples: the local requirement to refine fuels
with much lower sulfur content to reduce harmful particulate emissions,

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2469, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
42
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
the undisciplined proliferation of highly specialized and distinct fuel
formulas— "boutique fuels" —that impede the efficient operation of
the fuel infrastructure, possible limitation on aromatics, and the shifting
motivation about adding oxygenates such as MTBE and ethanol to
reformulated gasoline.?' The cost and benefit of these regulations should
be reviewed given their cumulative effect on the refinery industry.
Third, the United States should review its policy and pro-
gram for the strategic petroleum reserve (SPR). The SPR, estab-
lished in the late 1970s, is an important tool for moderating the effects
of politically motivated interruptions and signaling the market about
supply availability. However, the oil market has changed considerably
in recent years—in particular, there has been a rise of futures trading
that allows market-based hedging of risks—and it is advisable to consider
the implications of such changes in the oil market for the structure and
operation of the SPR. What is the appropriate SPR security objective
in light of today's global marketplace realities, which are dramatically
different from the 1970s? Does the expected rise in market share of
OPEC in future decades influence the answer? Should the purpose of
the SPR and other national reserves be strictly to ameliorate the effect
of massive disruptions or should they also be employed to ameliorate
price volatility due to real or anticipated modest disruptions associated
with political or weather events or accidents that temporarily disrupt
supply?
Revising this statement of objectives would provide the guidance
needed for a sensible reexamination of SPR authorities and related
questions. Should the size of the SPR be increased, perhaps expanding
the storage of processed petroleum products (as opposed to crude oil,
which is the commodity stored currently in the SPR)? Does the
emergence of petroleum and natural gas futures markets influence the
need for the SPR? How should the rules for allocation from the SPR
be changed?" For example, how useful is an oil swap between the
SPR and an oll supplier as a market signal in a momentarily tight
21 MTBE (methyltertiarybutylethane) was originally proposed as an additive to motor gasoline
in the 1970s to replace lead as an octane enhancer.
22 The DOE, in response to the 2005 Energy Policy Act, currently is proposing change to
the SPR allocation procedures.

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2174, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
43
market and as a way of adding oil to the SPR? Will effectiveness be
compromised or enhanced with more frequent use of swaps or similar
arrangements? DOE has the authority to enter into "swaps" for SPR
oil—to accept a greater amount of oil in the future as a charge for
release of oil to a private entity today. Although oil companies are
skeptical about DOE's involvement in the market, swaps have the merits
of exercising the SPR machinery and adding oil without congressional
appropriations, and the effect is to dampen price volatility without
affecting time-averaged prices.
The European Union (EU) has no comparable swap authority
because of the way the EU runs its system of reserves. This underlines
the need for international reexamination of how reserves are best
structured and used in light of today's global marketplace realities.
Fourth, it is especially important that the United States takes
steps to facilitate the introduction of LNG and other forms of
natural gas from abroad into North America. The Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission has recently established procedures for the
rapid consideration and approval of LNG re-gasification facilities and
new natural gas pipelines that improve the connectivity of the United
States, Mexico, and Canada. However, local opposition to these projects
has created delays and in some cases killed the projects. Opposition is
especially strong in areas of the United States that are also remote from
gas supplies and could benefit from a larger role for LNG, such as in
the Northeast and in the far West.
Increase Investment in New Energy Technologies
Investments in new energy technologies are made by private sector
firms in response to their assessment of future economic conditions and
changing market and government incentives. In addition, the federal
government, mostly through DOE, directly supports a wide range of
new energy technology activities.
Although the R&D undertaken by both the public and private
sector is intrinsically risky, examination of DOE energy R&D projects
has shown that even though most projects yielded few (or no) public

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2467, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
44
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
benefits, the ones that were successful provided national benefits signifi-
cantly exceeding the total cost of the energy R&D program." The
same pattern is typical of private sector research or investment by venture
capital firms. This pattern implies the need for a portfolio of technology
programs, aiming at different technological goals, with different time
horizons.
The role of the government in funding energy research and some
types of development is generally accepted. The Task Force supports the
importance of governmental research, development, and demonstration
supporting a wide range of technology investments on the supply and
demand sides of energy markets.
In addition to RD&D that is funded and performed by government,
the public sector also has a role in providing incentives for private
sector new energy technology development. Congress has periodically
adopted tax credits for broad-based R&D or for energy-specific R&D.
Such credits encourage the private sector to multiply the effect of
governmental efforts. The Task Force supports such governmental
incentives for private sector research and development.
Once R&D has been conducted, demonstration projects may be
necessary. However, the costs of demonstration projects are many
times higher than the R&D costs. There are instances of successful
demonstration projects and many instances of highly expensive failures.
In some cases, demonstration projects are essential for engineering first-
of-a-kind plants and for showing whether such plants can be built and
operated in a manner that meets technical performance specifications,
costs, and environmental regulations. Such information can prepare the
ground for fuller deployment of new technologies by commercial firms.
Some of the technologies that could play a large role in reducing
dependence on imported energy are marked by technical risks, high
costs, and regulatory uncertainties—these risks can be resolved by well-
designed demonstration projects, so that private firms can become more
confident that an investment in the technology will be commercially
viable. The marketplace on its own will not make the necessary invest-
ment. However, the Task Force does not give a blanket endorsement
23 National Research Council, Energy Research at DOE: Was It Worth It? Energy Efficiency
and Fossil Energy Research 1978 to 2000 (Washington, DC: National Academy Press, 2001).

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 2120, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: U.S. Domestic Energy Policy
45
to demonstration projects. The merits of a particular demonstration
project, of course, require an assessment of probable benefits, costs,
and risks of such demonstrations. The federal government and private
companies should cooperatively fund demonstration projects.
A number of particular endeavors appear to have significant potential
for government-sponsored technology development:
• Improvement of the mileage of today's automobiles through better
vehicle and engine design, including demonstrating compatibility
with alternative fuels, such as ethanol.
• Further development of hybrid and electric vehicles, including battery
technologies.
• Production of ethanol and other biofuels from cellulosic biomass,
e.g., switchgrass.
• Synthetic fuels from coal with carbon capture and sequestration.
• Advanced technologies for hydrocarbon exploration and for
enhanced production that recover a greater fraction of the oil-
in-place.
• Research on advanced fission technologies and on fusion energy.
The Task Force believes these and other technologies offer important
options for reducing U.S. dependence on imported oil. Care is needed,
however, in evaluating their costs and benefits, and ultimate potential.
New technologies and fuels will need to be evaluated on an economic
basis relative to the existing oil system.
The Task Force recommends that the U.S. government substantially
increase RD&D spending on alternatives to oil-based fuels and vehicle
technologies; it also encourages industry to expand its innovation effort.
Finally, we note that there will be opportunities for both the private
sector and the U.S. government for new technology development
collaboration with international partners—for example, on coal lique-
faction accompanied by CO, capture and sequestration with govern-
ment and private research institutes in China.
Success in this venture will require congressional support for private
sector investment as well as endorsement of a sensible DOE-managed
plan for developing the needed portfolio of new technologies. Congress

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 433, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
46
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
should support a larger, more comprehensive, and sustained energy
RD&D program and avoid prescribing projects and programs that
primarily serve special interests. In the past, the DOE RD&D program
has been too fragmented and hence was less effective because of excessive
congressional attention to projects and technologies that serve local,
rather than national, objectives.

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1485, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations:
The Conduct of U.S.
Foreign Policy
Over many years and administrations, the U.S. government has failed
to pay sufficient attention to energy in its conduct of foreign policy or
to adopt a consistent approach to energy issues. The result is that energy
matters typically appear on the foreign policy agenda as a surprise,
usually in times of crisis, or as the unexpected consequence of other
foreign policy actions. The foreign policy apparatus resolves energy
issues with ad hoc decisions. As a crisis abates, the issues
cease to
attract attention.
The situation will improve only when energy issues become an
integral part of the policymaking process and when these issues receive
sustained attention during all stages of policy development and imple-
mentation. At the same time, it would be neither practical nor wise
to suggest that energy security should be the central foreign policy
priority of the United States. U.S. foreign policy, like the foreign
policies of most countries, does and must consist of multiple competing
priorities. Improving the integration of energy policy and foreign policy,
and elevating the importance of energy security in formulating and
implementing specific foreign policy objectives, does not offer an escape
from the need to make trade-offs among competing objectives on a
case-by-case basis. On the contrary, it makes that foreign policy enter-
prise more complicated and more difficult. While the United States
47

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2050, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
48
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
must give sustained attention to energy issues, the nation must not
always give priority to matters of energy at the expense of other foreign
policy objectives.
In this section, the Task Force suggests a set of five goals, with
supporting actions for each, that will improve the nation's ability to
manage its dependence on hydrocarbon fuels while pursuing other
foreign policy goals at the same time.
Expand Sources of Oil and Gas Production and
Protect Transit Routes of these Fuels to Markets
Even with an aggressive effort to control demand for oil and gas, world
consumption of these fuels is likely to continue rising in the years ahead.
Thus, it is essential to ensure an expanding base for producing and
delivering new supplies to world markets.
An important task for U.S. energy security is to seek stability in the
Persian Gulf so that this region can sustain and expand reliable produc-
tion. It will not be easy to balance the desirability of this action with
other important foreign policy objectives, for example, with respect to
Saudi Arabia, Iran, and Iraq.
• Saudi Arabia-The global market critically depends on expanded
production, but at the same time the United States should support
steady progress on social reform and a move away from religious
fundamentalism that destabilizes governments in the region.
• Iran—U.S, effortsto avoid nuclear proliferation and contain terrorism
compete with action to normalize economic relations, which would
lead to greater oil output.
• Iraq—Expanded oil production requires improvement in the political
and security situation.
Given the challenges in the region that possesses the world's most
abundant and least costly hydrocarbon resources, the United States
must also continue encouraging production outside of the Persian Gulf.
Such growth in production has long been a U.S. policy objective.
There are many opportunities to diversify production sources that,
taken together, can play a significant role (although they are not as

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2399, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct of U.S. Foreign Policy
49
important, in total volume, as the potential and likely role of the
Persian Gulf). For example, the U.S. government, working with other
governments and firms, has been encouraging production in the Caspian
Sea and in Central Asia.
As with production, greater diversity is also welcome in the transpor-
tation routes that carry the oil and gas to market. The U.S. government
promoted the Baku-Tblisi-Ceyhan pipeline project as part of a policy
to create multiple outlets for Central Asian oil, so that not all exports
flowed through Russia. Such diversity in transportation routes for
oil and gas exports supports effective markets, regardless of the final
destination—whether to China, Japan, or other countries.
Higher energy prices have already encouraged private firms to make
additional investments in oil production outside the Persian Gulf, such
as in Canada's oil sands. In addition to this welcome trend, efforts to
encourage production in some areas—notably Russia—will require
active policy efforts. Russia is the world's second-largest oil exporter
as well as the largest producer and exporter of natural gas, on which
Western Europe depends heavily. Russia plays an important role in
many other international issues from stability in Central Asia to coopera-
tion with Iran, including on its nuclear program.
In the past three years, Russia has taken steps to place its oil and gas
production and transportation system under greater central government
control. The implication of this trend is that Russian oil and gas exports
will increasingly serve political purposes, probably at the expense of
the expansion of Russia's hydrocarbon sector. Russia is a major oil and
gas exporter, and the United States has an interest in that country
maintaining and expanding production. Thus, despite important differ-
ences in foreign policy objectives that divide the United States and
Russia, the United States should continue to seek appropriate opportu-
nities for opening the Russian oil sector to foreign investment and
facilitating the use of advanced Western technology that will increase
Russia's efficiency and level of production.
Encourage Efficiency of Energy Use in All Markets
The United States and other importing countries benefit from additional
supplies or reduced demand wherever they occur. Other countries,

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2106, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
50
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
just as the United States, can make great improvements in efficiency
of energy use.
The United States should work with other countries to discourage
the practice of subsidizing energy consumption—a practice that has
generally declined worldwide over the last two decades but is still
widespread. In some countries, including both producing and consum-
ing countries—for example, Indonesia, India, Iran, China, Venezuela,
Mexico, and Russia-energy products remain subsidized. Allowing
energy prices to rise to world market levels would encourage users to
become more efficient in their use of energy and would also encourage
additional investment in both energy supply and innovation for greater
end-use efficiency. Of course, as market prices rise, government should
and will give consideration to targeted assistance programs for the poor
and the elderly.
Promote the Proper Functioning and Efficiency of
Integrated Energy Markets
Domestic oil and gas markets are part of a global system. It is in the
interest of the United States and other consuming and producing nations
to facilitate the smooth operation of these markets and eschew, as much
as possible, the use of hydrocarbon trade as a political instrument. If
markets are open, economic forces will naturally encourage greater effi-
clency.
U.S. foreign policy should encourage the move to more efficient
markets through measures already mentioned, such as encouraging
countries to remove subsidies for energy. But there are other actions that
the United States can take to improve the operation of energy markets.
First, U.S. foreign policy can encourage a regulatory process that
allows the timely construction of cross-border infrastructures that are
required for these markets, such as gas pipelines and electric power
lines between Canada, Mexico, and the United States. The North
American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) offers a framework for
such investments that, while helpful, is limited. For example, Mexico's
domestic opposition to foreign investment in the energy infrastructure

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2478, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct of U.S. Foreign Policy
51
is an obstacle to reform, which the United States has had little ability
to influence.
Second, accurate historical data and objective projections are needed
to inform both private investors and government decision-makers. In
the 1970s, data collection and dissemination was one of the important
missions assigned to the newly established International Energy Agency.
The United States established the Energy Information Administration
with the similar purpose of providing transparent and objective data
and projections. With the strain on production caused by the rapid
increase in demand, the need for accurate worldwide data has once
again gained importance. The United States can make a significant
contribution by advocating better data collection and analysis of trends
for all countries. Such data, if objective, could be influential in bringing
reality to decision-makers in both producing and consuming countries.
Third, national oil companies are playing an increasing role in world
energy production. The rise in oil prices has strengthened this trend
in many countries, in part because higher revenues make NOCs and
their parent governments less dependent on foreign investment. The
United States must recognize that NOCs are a dominant force in the
world oil and gas markets and find ways to work with these enterprises.
Indeed, it is impractical for the U.S. government to reverse the trend
toward national control. The history of Mexico is relevant in this regard:
despite the urging of reform over many years by both Mexican and
U.S. officials and energy experts, the constitutional prohibition on
foreign ownership of Mexican hydrocarbon reserves appears deeply
rooted in Mexico's culture and values. PEMEX and other NOCs
should be encouraged to participate in world energy markets in ways
that are transparent and conducive to the transfer of technology and
capital to expand global production of hydrocarbons.
The United States should encourage NOCs to become more effi-
cient. The tools that are available to the government for this purpose are
to encourage private sector investment, joint ventures, and technology
transfer. Ultimately, improved performance by NOCs is best accom-
plished if those firms are exposed to competition in their home markets.
Nonetheless, the U.S. government and the business community must
accept the fact that NOCs are here to stay and that it is in the U.S.

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2281, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
52
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
interest to work with NOCs in a manner that serves a joint interest
in improving exploration and production efficiency.
Revitalize International Institutions and Collective
International Efforts
U.S. foreign policy should work to build and revitalize international
efforts around three tasks:
First, the United States should work with other countries to prepare
the world market for oil to better withstand price shocks. In the
aftermath of the first oil shock in 1973, the United States and other oil-
importing countries created the IEA as a government-to-government
mechanism for sharing the pain of oil shocks. World oil markets have
changed radically since the IEA was originally created, but the original
purpose remains valid: to adopt a common policy concerning govern-
ment-controlled oil stocks and procedures for sharing shortages should
a supply disruption occur. However, changes are needed in both the
participants and procedures to accommodate new realities in the world
energy markets. Despite the emergence of a robust futures market for
oil, a government-controlled petroleum reserve retains both strategic
significance (to deter some short-term interruptions) and tactical signifi-
cance (to signal government policy resolve and direction in a time of
political uncertainty created by a disturbance).
To complement a reexamination of the U.S. strategic reserve
(addressed in the previous section of this report), a fresh look is needed
at the international level. In particular, the United States should encour-
age the IEA to work with new major energy consumers such as China
and India. It may be impractical to expand the IEA formally, as its
constitution requires its members to also be part of the Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). While the
IEA would be the best forum for this effort, a greatly strengthened
International Energy Forum could serve this purpose.24
24 The International Energy Forum was established in 2003 to promote a ministerial dialogue
between major energy producers and consumers. To be usable for the purposes of this Task
Force's recommendations, the IEF would need to put substantially greater emphasis on the
interests of major energy consumers.

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 3176, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct of U.S. Foreign Policy
53
Second, the Task Force notes the large and growing dependence
on vulnerable energy infrastructures and a few dangerous straits, such
as Hormuz in the Persian Gulf and Malacca in Asia. Critical oil and
gas pipelines, such as those in Central Asia, are also vulnerable. Domesti-
cally, the United States is struggling to address such infrastructure pro-
tection.25
U.S. foreign policy can do much to encourage companies and
countries to devote greater attention and resources to energy infrastruc-
ture protection. Many efforts require coordination between suppliers
and users of energy and imply joint action by a coalition of countries
that historically have not cooperated. The United States should take
the lead in building an infrastructure protection program that would
be based on practical steps by relevant countries and address critical
infrastructures and transit routes. Initial efforts should focus on joint
planning, technical assistance, and military exercises, especially involving
naval units operating near ports or along critical sea-lanes.
Third, U.S. foreign policy should do more to promote better man-
agement of oil revenues because good management serves the long-
term U.S. interest in encouraging increased oil production.
The Task Force has considered the question of whether revenues
from the sale of oil, gas, and other minerals undercut good governance—
a process often given the emotive term the "resource curse." While
the conditions that link resources to poor governance are complex,
25 In the United States, many agencies have responsibility for different aspects of energy
infrastructure protection —the problem is an absence of effective coordination. The Department
of Energy has some responsibility, as the Sector-Specific Agency, to lead the U.S. effort in
identifying energy infrastructure vulnerability assessments and protection requirements. The
Department of Defense is involved with critical infrastructure protection, but does not defend
specific sites in the United States unless called upon. The Minerals Management Service (MMS)
sets, and has recently strengthened, standards for offshore platforms. The Coast Guard also has
responsibility for protecting ports, where oil and gas infrastructure is often located. FER C has
federal regulatory oversight for interstate pipelines and transmission lines, but state regulators
are responsible for local distribution facilities and intrastate lines. Finally, private industries that
operate oil and gas facilities have a large stake in keeping them secure, and they are part of
the community involved in assessing risks and working with local, state, and federal government
agencies to protect them. Given this diffusion of responsibility and authority for protecting
the various components of energy infrastructure in the United States, progress has been uneven.
Efforts in the United States have been aided by growing attention to infrastructure security
following the September 11 terrorist attacks and after hurricanes Katrina and Rita exposed
vulnerabilities onshore and offshore in the Gulf of Mexico region.

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2579, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
54
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
there are many situations where oil revenues have not improved gover-
nance or economic and social conditions. Examples include Nigeria,
Chad, and Turkmenistan.
The Task Force recommends that the United States, in conjunction
with its allies or international agencies, play a stronger role in pressing
for the use of mechanisms that could improve the proper management
of hydrocarbon revenues. The Task Force is mindful that it will be
difficult to affect the internal decisions of sovereign states, and thus it
recommends that these efforts to promote good governance be focused
in a few countries where the outcomes would be important-for
example, in Nigeria where oil production has the potential to rise
significantly but political instability is impeding production and some
investment. At this writing, such governance troubles have shut in
approximately 500,000 to 700,000 barrels per day of Nigeria's pro-
duction.
The Task Force notes that it is impractical for the United States to
exert much leverage acting alone. The United States imposes strict
standards on U.S. firms under the 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA). But others, such as European firms and especially Chinese
firms, are not similarly constrained. Efforts by the United States to
expand FCA-like rules through the OECD and through the boards
of Export Credit Agencies (ECAs) have not been successful. Nor have
multilateral efforts proven easy to pursue: the World Bank has struggled
to make Chad maintain its commitment to poverty reduction using
revenues obtained from oil development and pipeline construction that
were funded with a World Bank loan.
The Task Force believes a different approach is needed—one that
relies on more extensive (and voluntary) cooperation with host govern-
ments. The best example of this approach is the Extractive Industries
Transparency Initiative, which is sponsored by the British government,
various international financial institutions, and NGOs. EITT's goal is
to ensure accountability in the flow of funds to host governments.
Accountability, in turn, should make it easier to ensure that funds are
spent productively and not siphoned into corruption. EITI's goals are
appropriately modest and its instruments are well calibrated to what can
be achieved. EITI is off to a promising start in Nigeria and Azerbaijan.?
26 An earlier initiative, "Publish What You Pay," which focused on Angola, had little effect
on government behavior—firms that adhered to the strictures and published their payments

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1822, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct of U.S. Foreign Policy
55
Figure 6: Trends in Rising Chinese Oil Imports, Prices, and
Number of Political Oil Deals
3500 -
$60-
Sinopec/
day)
Aramco
3000 -
Sinopec/
Gabon
Sinopec/
Ecuador
irre
ba
2500 -
Sinopec/
• CNOOC/
$50 -
Petrobras
Australia
CNOOCI
ands
Chinese oil imports (thou
CNPCI
2000-
• imports
Petrobras
PdVSA
CNPC/
CNPC/
Gazprom
KMG
840 - 8
1500 -
CNPC/
CNPC/
Iran
Yugansk
1000 -
CNPC/
CNPC/
price I
Iran
Syria
$30-
CNPC/
CNPC/
500 -
Sonatrach
Statoil
CNPC/
PdVSA
CNOOC/
Indonesia
CNPCI
CNPC/
Yukos
CNPC/
Khazakstan
Petrobras
0 -Г
7$20-
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
Source: Sinopec Corp.., CNOOC Limited, and China National Petroleum Corporation. Price
data from BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2006. Import data from ELA China Country
Analysis Brief, August 2006.
The Task Force chose to examine the behavior of Chinese oil
companies and the Chinese government as illustrative of market gover-
nance problems because of the anticipated growth of Chinese oil imports
and because China's activity in world oil markets is in the public eye.
Figure 6 presents the accelerating pace of recent oil deals that Chinese
state-controlled enterprises have made with major resource holders.
Most, but not all, of these deals involve state-to-state arrangements in
which China has offered a range of concessions, such as building airports
(and, in some cases, indirectly supplying arms), in addition to commercial
terms. The rising number of these deals has coincided with higher
prices for oil in the world market and China's swelling petroleum
imports. There is no simple causal relationship between these factors.
were penalized by the Angolan government. This experience is a reminder that EITI is also
unlikely to prove to be effective without indigenous political will.

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2269, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
56
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
However, their simultaneous occurrence has raised concerns about
whether these arrangements will become even more numerous in the
future, with more widespread negative consequences for governance
in oil-rich countries and possibly even broader consequences for the
world oil market.
Two responses to China's activity to acquire oil resources are equally
unsatisfactory. The first is wholly to ignore this Chinese activity on the
grounds that the United States has more important foreign policy issues
at stake with the Chinese than oil dependence, and that Chinese
overspending to "lock up" oil reserves should have no adverse economic
effect on world markets. The second response is to assume that the
Chinese activity in world energy markets is so potentially disruptive to
the underlying political relationships between major resource holder
countries and industrialized countries such as the United States that this
activity should be seen as another signal of an unavoidable strategic
competition between China and the United States.
The Task Force advises against adopting either extreme response.
As attention to energy issues rises, the potential for diplomatic conflict
with China also rises. Such conflicts could overshadow other important
aspects of the U.S.-China relationship. At the same time, these political
energy arrangements are leading other countries—notably Korea and
India—to adopt similar practices.
The Task Force urges the governments of the United States and
China (possibly with other major emerging energy consumers, such as
India) to explore areas of common interest. We believe that direct
engagement on energy issues of common interest could convince the
Chinese of their long-term interest in jointly working to greater world
production offered in open energy markets. Through direct engage-
ment, the United States and China will gain a better understanding of
the other's approach to matters of energy security; that greater awareness,
in turn, will help to reduce tensions.
Integrate Energy Issues into the U.S. Foreign Policy
Apparatus
The Task Force is unanimous in the view that energy issues have not
received sufficient attention in the formulation and implementation of

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2427, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct of U.S. Foreign Policy
57
U.S. foreign policy. Moreover, the Task Force has stressed that the
domestic and foreign policy and security aspects of energy issues cannot
be fully disentangled. Thus, there is a need to elevate energy issues in
the foreign policy decision-making process across the board and an
accompanying need for better integration of the foreign and domestic
policy aspects of energy issues. Sustained political attention is required
formany reasons—the patterns of energy use and trade, the development
of energy technology projects, and the deployment of capital take
many years.
Greater awareness of energy issues will make some improvement,
but that is not enough. Organizational change is needed. But, it is
not clear which specific organizational remedies will accomplish the
objective of achieving greater attention and integration of energy issues
in the policy process. Ultimately, success depends on the priority that
the president and the cabinet place on energy in future administrations.
The Task Force offers a number of measures that if adopted would
contribute to a process more likely to give energy issues their
required attention.
First, a directorate for energy should be established at the National
Security Council-akin to the regional and functional directorates that
presently exist on issues such as counterproliferation, defense policy,
and international economics. This directorate would lead an interagency
working group process that prepares papers to influence the discussion
and thinking of the NSC principals, thus leading to better informed
and wider options in matters that involve energy and national security.
More ambitiously, this new energy directorate could provide support
to the NSC, the National Economic Council (NEC), and White House
Chief of Staff to help with better integration of domestic and security
aspects of energy issues.
Second, the secretary of energy should both be kept fully informed
and have a seat at the table in all foreign policy matters that have an
important energy aspect. While all matters of foreign policy do not
centrally involve energy, it is striking how many now do. Energy issues
tend to get shuffled aside because they are not immediate—long-term
implications have difficulty competing for policymakers' attention. But
energy issues are involved in U.S. relations with Russia, Saudi Arabia,

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2463, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
58
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Nigeria, Venezuela, Canada, Mexico, and other major oil and gas
producers. In addition, they include China and also India, which are
not only rising consumers of energy but may also become large users
of U.S.-origin nuclear power technology—a topic on which the secre-
tary of energy also plays a crucial role. The G8 summit in 2006 focused
on energy security; numerous UN gatherings consider the ways that
energy contributes to economic growth and affects environmental
quality.
Third, high priority should be given to ensure that the terms of
reference of all strategic planning studies, in the NSC, State and Defense
departments, and intelligence community, require attention to energy
security issues and to energy-foreign policy linkages.
The measures that the Task Force recommends, if implemented,
would help advance the integration of energy issues into foreign policy
deliberations. However, these recommendations alone will not ade-
quately integrate security considerations into the domestic policy pro-
cess. More is needed to achieve a fully integrated approach to critical
trade-offs in energy policy and foreign policy.
The root of the organizational problem lies in the range of considera-
tions that go into a comprehensive energy policy—economic perfor-
mance; foreign policy; security; environmental impact at local, regional,
national, and global scales; balance of foreign trade and investment;
industrial competitiveness; fiscal and tax policy; RD&D policy and
expenditures; land-use and natural resource management; and others.
The secretary of energy does not have the authority to weave together
these many threads. They touch upon core interests and responsibilities
across the administration. Energy issues also have local and regional
impacts that, in turn, attract the interest of members of Congress and
congressional committees, as well as state and local government. Within
the administration, authority can derive only from the president, who
should direct the secretary of energy to lead systematic discussions, with
high-level participation from other agencies, in order to produce options
for the president's decision. This would also serve to give the administra-
tion a clear voice in dealing with Congress on energy matters.
There is no entity within the executive office of the president that
is ideal for managing this process. One possibility is to charge the NSC

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1464, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Findings and Recommendations: The Conduct of U.S. Foreign Policy
59
directorate recommended above to perform this function, as long as it
is clearly understood that security is but one of the core concerns being
blended together with economic, environmental, and other concerns.
Another possibility is to establish an interagency group that is not crisis
driven, with the Department of Energy and the Department of State
playing lead roles in setting the agenda. A third possibility is to establish
yet another crosscutting group within the executive office of the presi-
dent, as was done with the establishment of the Department of Home-
land Security, but this approach risks weakening the authority of the
responsible agency.
But the conclusion remains: insufficient attention is given to energy,
and energy and foreign policy considerations are inadequately integrated
in the policymaking process.
While we have focused on actions for organization of the executive
branch, the Task Force stresses that improvement in the nation's ability
to address matters related to energy security also requires concerted
efforts in Congress. Congressional committees with oversight responsi-
bility should reinforce, through hearings and committee actions, a fuller
public understanding of the nature and depth of U.S. energy problems
and also seek greater integration of energy issues in foreign policy as
well as foreign policy considerations in domestic energy policy.

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1583, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Additional View
We subscribe to the report's analysis and recommendations, but the
report understates the gravity of the threat that energy dependence
poses to U.S. national security.
Energy is a central challenge to U.S. foreign policy, not simply one
of many challenges. Global dependence on oil is rapidly eroding U.S.
power and influence because oil is a strategic commodity largely con-
trolled by regressive governments and a cartel that raises prices and
multiplies the rents that flow to oil producers. These rents have enriched
and emboldened Iran, enabled President Vladamir Putin to undermine
Russia's democracy, entrenched regressive autocrats in Africa, forestalled
action against genocide in Sudan, and facilitated Venezuela's campaign
against free trade in the Americas. Most gravely, oil consumers are in
effect financing both sides of the war on terrorism.
Transformation in the use of energy, especially in transportation
where oil is unrivaled, in our government's approach to energy research,
development, and deployment, and in the way we conduct our foreign
policy, is essential. Achieving this transformation requires efforts on at
least three fronts.
First, we must integrate energy and foreign policy. For example,
we must engage China and India at a presidential level on the impact
of their investment practices on regional stability and our common
interest in a free market for energy; we must engage Europe on its
growing dependence on Russian energy exports and Russia's mono-
listic practices. We must also consider asymmetrical means, like support
60

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1496, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Additional View
61
for power and water infrastructure, to compete for political influence
in Latin America and Africa.
Second, the United States must expand and deepen the collective
energy security system forged by the United States and institutionalized
in the International Energy Agency in 1974—not least by bringing
China and India into the system. The report endorses this effort but
is not sufficiently precise on the best methods; it suggests that the
International Energy Forum could be tapped, but that institution is ill-
suited as it allows oil producers a veto on its activities.
Third, the United States should use its economic power as a compo-
nent of its energy strategy. For example, we should consider ways to
give preferential access to the U.S. market to producing countries that
support a free market in energy. This instrument is blunt and difficult
to wield, but among the steps we can take are to make access to energy
transportation systems a condition of any new free trade agreement
with the United States; limit the ability to access and invest in liquefied
natural gas re-gasification facilities on U.S. soil to exporting countries
whose markets are also open to U.S. investments; and pursuit of rules
to govern fair access and competition within the energy sector as a
priority in the next World Trade Organization negotiating round.
All told, an incremental approach to the challenge—as advocated
in this report—will not be adequate.
David Goldwyn
Michael Granoff

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1366, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Members
Graham T. Allison is Douglas Dillon Professor of Government and
Director of the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at
the John F. Kennedy School of Government. From 1977 to 1989, Dr.
Allison served as Dean of the Kennedy School. Dr. Allison has also
served as Special Adviser to the Secretary of Defense under President
Ronald Reagan and as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Policy and
Plans under President Bill Clinton.
Norman R. Augustine retired in 1997 as Chairman and CEO of
Lockheed Martin Corporation. Prior to the formation of Lockheed
Martin, he had served as Chairman and CEO of the Martin Marietta
Corporation since 1987. Formerly, Mr. Augustine served in various
posts at the Pentagon, including Undersecretary of the U.S. Army.
Robert A. Belfer is the CEO of Belfer Management LLC, a private
investment firm. Mr. Belfer has enjoyed a long career with Belco
Petroleum Corporation, where he was named Chairman in 1985. In
1992, Mr. Belfer founded Belco Oil & Gas Corporation, an independent
petroleum producer.
Stephen W. Bosworth is the Dean of the Fletcher School of Law
and Diplomacy at Tufts University. Dean Bosworth has had an extensive
Note: Task Force members participate in their individual and not their institutional capacities.
*The individual has endorsed the report and submitted an additional view.
62

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 300, "chars": 1990, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Members
63
career in the U.S. Foreign Service, including service as Ambassador to
the Republic of Korea, Tunisia, and the Philippines. He also served
in a number of senior positions in the Department of State, including
Director of Policy Planning.
Helima L. Croft is a Senior Strategist with the Business Intelligence
Group at Lehman Brothers. Formerly, she was an Intelligence Fellow
at the Council on Foreign Relations. Dr. Croft spent four years at the
Central Intelligence Agency, where she was a Senior Economic Analyst
in the office of Asian Pacific, Latin American, and African Analysis.
John Deutch, Chair of the Task Force, is an Institute Professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Dr. Deutch has been a
member of the MIT faculty since 1970, and has served as Chairman
of the Department of Chemistry, Dean of Science, and Provost. Dr.
Deutch has also served in many senior government posts, including
Undersecretary of Energy, Deputy Secretary of Defense, and Director
of Central Intelligence.
Charles J. DiBona is the current Chairman of the Sentient Council
and retired Chairman of the Board of Logistics Management Institute.
Mr. DiBona served nineteen years as President and four years as Execu-
tive Vice President with the American Petroleum Institute. Mr. DiBona
has also served as a Special Consultant to President Richard Nixon.
Jessica P. Einhorn is Dean of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced
International Studies at Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Einhorn served
a twenty-year career in various positions at the World Bank, including
as Managing Director from 1996 to 1998 and as Visiting Fellow at the
International Monetary Fund in the wake of the Asian financial crisis.
Martin S. Feldstein is the George F. Baker Professor of Economics
at Harvard University and President and CEO of the National Bureau
of Economic Research. From 1982 to 1984, Dr. Feldstein was Chairman
of the Council of Economic Advisers and Ronald Reagan's Chief

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1940, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
64
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Economic Adviser. He served as President of the American Economic
Association in 2004.
David L. Goldwyn* is President of Goldwyn International Strategies.
He served as U.S. Assistant Secretary of Energy for International Affairs
from 2000 to 2001, and as National Security Deputy to former U.S.
Ambassador to the UN Bill Richardson.
Michael D. Granoff* is President and CEO of Pomona Capital, an
international private equity investment company. Prior to his business
career, Mr. Granoff served on the staff of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives Appropriations Subcommittee on Foreign Operations and on the
1992 Presidential Transition Team at the Department of the Treasury.
J. Bennett Johnston is CEO of Johnston and Associates. Senator
Johnston has had a long career in public service, including eight years
in the Louisiana legislature and twenty-four years in the U.S. Senate.
During his time in the Senate, he served as Chairman of the Senate
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
Arnold Kanter is a Principal and Founding Member of the Scowcroft
Group. Dr. Kanter served as Undersecretary of State from 1991 to
1993 and as Special Assistant to the President from 1989 to 1991, in
addition to holding a variety of positions in the State Department.
Karin M. Lissakers serves as Chief Adviser to George Soros on global-
ization issues at the Soros Fund Management and is Director of the
Revenue Watch Institute. Previously, Ms. Lissakers held the post of
U.S. Executive Director on the Executive Board of the International
Monetary Fund from 1993 to 2001.
Walter E. Massey is President of Morehouse College. Dr. Massey has
served as Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs at the
University of California, Vice President for Research at the University of
Chicago, Director of the Argonne National Laboratory, and Director
of the National Science Foundation.

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Members
65
Ernest J. Moniz is the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physics and
Engineering Systems and Codirector of the Laboratory for Energy and
the Environment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where
he has served on the faculty since 1973. Dr. Moniz served as Undersecre-
tary of the Department of Energy from October 1997 to January 2001.
William K. Reilly is Founding Partner of Aqua International Partners.
Mr. Reilly is also Cochairman of the National Commission on Energy
Policy. He has previously served as the first Payne Visiting Professor
at Stanford University, Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protec-
tion Agency, President of the World Wildlife Fund, and President of
the Conservation Foundation.
James R. Schlesinger, Chair of the Task Force, is Chairman of the
MITRE Corporation and a Senior Adviser at Lehman Brothers. He
is also a consultant to the U.S. Department of Defense, a member of the
Defense Policy Board, member of the Arms Control Nonproliferation
Advisory Board of the Department of State, and a member of the
Homeland Security Advisory Council. Dr. Schlesinger formerly served
as Secretary of Defense and was the nation's first Secretary of Energy.
Peter Schwartz is Cofounder and Chairman of Global Business Net-
work and a Partner of the Monitor Group. His current research and
scenario work encompasses energy resources and the environment,
technology, telecommunications, media and entertainment, aerospace,
and national security. From 1982 to 1986, Mr. Schwartz headed scenario
planning for the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Companies.
Philip R. Sharp is President of Resources for the Future. His career
in public service over the last thirty-five years includes ten terms as a
member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Indiana and a
lengthy tenure on the faculty of the John F. Kennedy School of
Government and the Institute of Politics at Harvard University, where
he served as Director.
James B. Steinberg is Dean of the Lyndon B. Johnson School of
Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin. Previously, he was

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2148, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
66
National Security Consequences of U.S. Oil Dependency
Vice President and Director of Foreign Policy Studies at the Brookings
Institution. Mr. Steinberg also served as Deputy National Security
Adviser to President Bill Clinton, as well as Chief of Staff of the
U.S. State Department and Director of the State Department's Policy
Planning Staff.
Linda G. Stuntz is a Founding Partner of the law firm of Stuntz, Davis
& Staffier, P.C. Her law practice includes energy and environmental
regulation, as well as matters relating to government support of technol-
ogy development and transfer. Previously, Ms. Stuntz served as Deputy
Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy under President George
H. W. Bush, and played a principal role in the development and enact-
ment of the Energy Policy Act of 1992.
James L. Sweeney is Director of the Precourt Institute for Energy
Efficiency, Professor of Management Science and Engineering at Stan-
ford University, Senior Fellow of the Stanford Institute for Economic
Policy Research, and Senior Fellow of the Hoover Institution on War,
Revolution, and Peace. He is a Senior Fellow of the U.S. Association
for Energy Economics, a Fellow of the California Council on Science
and Technology, and a member of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's
Council of Economic Advisers.
Frank Verrastro is a Senior Fellow and Director of the Energy Program
at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. He has also served
government staff positions in the White House (Energy Policy and
Planning Staff) and the Departments of Interior (Oil and Gas Office)
and Energy (Domestic Policy and International Affairs Office), including
as Director of the Office of Producing Nations and Deputy Assistant
Secretary for International Energy Resources.
David G. Victor, Project Director of the Task Force, is Director of
the Program on Energy and Sustainable Development at Stanford
University and Adjunct Senior Fellow for Science and Technology at
the Council on Foreign Relations. His research focuses on the political
economy of energy markets, especially markets for oil, gas, and electri-
city in developing countries.

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 385, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Task Force Members
67
J. Robinson West is the Chairman of the Board and Founder of PFC
Energy. Previously, Mr. West served in the Reagan administration as
Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Policy, Budget, and Administra-
tion. He also served in the Ford administration as the Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense for International Economic Affairs and on the
White House Staff.

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 212, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Task Force Observers

Rachel Bronson
Council on Foreign Relations

Mark A. Bucknam
Council on Foreign Relations

Douglas Holtz-Eakin
Council on Foreign Relations

Charles D. Ferguson
Council on Foreign Relations

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 3348, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Recent Independent Task Force Reports
Sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations
Russia's Wrong Direction: What the United States Can and Should Do (2006); John Edwards and Jack
Kemp, Chairs; Stephen Sestanovich, Project Director
More Than Humanitarianism: A Strategic U.S. Approach Toward Africa (2006); Anthony Lake and
Christine Todd Whitman, Chairs; Princeton N. Lyman and J. Stephen Morrison, Project
In the Wake of War: Improving U.S. Post-Conflict Capabilities (2005); Samuel R. Berger and Brent
Scowcroft, Chairs; William L. Nash, Project Director; Mona K. Sutphen, Deputy Director
In Support of Arab Democracy: Why and How (2005); Madeleine K. Albright and Vin Weber, Chairs;
Steven A. Cook, Project Director
Building a North American Community (2005); John P. Manley, Pedro Aspe, and William F. Weld,
Chairs; Thomas P. d'Aquino, Andrés Rozental, and Robert A. Pastor, Vice Chairs; Chappel
A. Lawson, Project Director; Cosponsored with the Canadian Council of Chief Executives
and the Consejo Mexicano de Asuntos Internationales
Iran: Time for a New Approach (2004); Zbigniew Brzezinski and Robert M. Gates, Chairs; Suzanne
Maloney, Project Director
Renewing the Atlantic Partnership (2004); Henry A. Kissinger and Lawrence H. Summers, Chairs;
Charles A. Kupchan, Project Director
Nonlethal Weapons and Capabilities (2004); Graham T. Allison and Paul X. Kelley, Chairs; Richard
L. Garwin, Project Director
New Priorities in South Asia: U.S. Policy Toward India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan (2003); Frank G.
Wisner II, Nicholas Platt, and Marshall M. Bouton, Chairs; Dennis Kux and Mahnaz Ispahani,
Project Directors; Cosponsored with the Asia Society
Finding America's Voice: A Strategy for Reinvigorating U.S. Public Diplomacy (2003); Peter G. Peterson,
Chair; Jennifer Sieg, Project Director
Emergency Responders: Drastically Underfunded, Dangerously Unprepared (2003); Warren B. Rudman,
Chair; Richard A. Clarke, Senior Adviser; Jamie F. Metzl, Project Director
Chinese Military Power (2003); Harold Brown, Chair; Joseph W. Prueher, Vice Chair; Adam Segal,
Project Director
Irag: The Day After (2003); Thomas R. Pickering and James R. Schlesinger, Chairs; Eric P. Schwartz,
Project Director
Threats to Democracy (2002); Madeleine K. Albright and Bronislaw Geremek, Chairs; Morton H.
Halperin, Project Director; Elizabeth Frawley Bagley, Associate Director
America—Still Unprepared, Still in Danger (2002); Gary Hart and Warren B. Rudman, Chairs; Stephen
Flynn, Project Director
Terrorist Financing (2002); Maurice R. Greenberg, Chair; William F. Wechsler and Lee S. Wolosky,
Project Directors
Enhancing U.S. Leadership at the United Nations (2002); David Dreier and Lee H. Hamilton, Chairs;
Lee Feinstein and Adrian Karatnycky, Project Directors
Testing North Korea: The Next Stage in U.S. and ROK Policy (2001); Morton I. Abramowitz and
James T. Laney, Chairs; Robert A. Manning, Project Director
The United States and Southeast Asia: A Policy for the New Administration (2001); J. Robert Kerrey,
Chair; Robert A. Manning, Project Director
Strategic Energy Policy: Challenges for the 21" Century (2001); Edward L. Morse, Chair; Amy Myers
Jaffe, Project Director
All publications listed are available on the Council on Foreign Relations website, CFR.org.
To order printed copies, contact the Brookings Institution Press: 800-537-5487.

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1862, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Council on Foreign Relations sponsors a Task Force when an issue of critical importance
to U.S. foreign policy emerges, and when it is judged that a diverse and bipartisan group of
experts will be able to reach a meaningful consensus on the effectiveness of current policy
and what if any changes to existing policy are warranted. Once formed, a Task Force is
independent. It normally conducts its deliberations in private over the course of several
months and issues a report containing both findings and policy recommendations. The Council,
a national, nonpartisan membership organization, takes no institutional position on policy issues
TASK FORCE MEMBERS
Graham T. Allison
Belfer Center for Science and
International Affairs
Norman R. Augustine
Lockheed Martin Corporation
Robert A. Belfer
Belfer Management LLC
Stephen W. Bosworth
The Fletcher School
Helima L. Croft
Lehman Brothers
John Deutch
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology
Charles J. DiBona
Sentient Council
Jessica P. Einhorn
Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced
International Studies
Martin S. Feldstein
National Bureau of Economic
Research
David L. Goldwyn
Goldwyn International Strategies
Michael D. Granoff
Pomona Capital
J. Bennett Johnston
Johnston & Associates
Arnold Kanter
The Scowcroft Group
Karin M. Lissakers
Soros Fund Management LLC
Walter E. Massey
Morehouse College
Ernest J. Moniz
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology
William K. Reilly
Aqua International Partners
James R. Schlesinger
Lehman Brothers
Peter Schwartz
Global Business Network
Philip R. Sharp
Resources for the Future
James B. Steinberg
LBJ School of Public Affairs
Linda G. Stuntz
Stuntz, Davis & Staffier, P.C.
James L. Sweeney
Stanford University
Frank Verrastro
Center for Strategic & International
Studies
David G. Victor
Stanford University
J. Robinson West
PFC Energy
ISBN 0-87609-365-9
CFR
9 780876 093658
