{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:22:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 99, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1643582, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18635-disclosure-project-executive-summary.pdf", "source_sha256": "d311767d7649d152b1d6b3d34ef667ff0b1768b4467a358ee88614a4972bd106"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 754, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Executive Summary
of the
Disclosure Project Briefing Document
This document contains an overview of the issues surrounding
UFO/ ETI topics including background information and
implications, summaries of military and government witness
testimony of experiences with UFO/ETI, and recommendations for
action.
Prepared by:
The Disclosure Project
Steven M. Greer, M.D., Director
P.O. Box 265
Crozet, VA 22932
Phone: 540-456-8302
Fax: 540-456-8303
e-mail: Disclosure2001@,cs.com
website: www.DisclosureProject.org
copyright April 2001 - The Disclosure Project
No part of this document may be reproduced in any form or by
any electronic or mechanical means including information and retrieval
systems without prior written permission of The Disclosure Project.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 655, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table of Contents
Important Editorial Notice
1
Disclosure: Implications for the Environment, World Peace,
World Poverty, and the Human Future
2
Understanding UFO Secrecy
7
Testimony that Explains the Secrecy
13
Witness Testimony
Overview
Radar/Pilot Cases
SAC/Nuke
Government Insiders/NASA/Deep Insiders
Technology/ Science
23
35
48
73
87
Summary of Recommended Actions by Public, Private and Governmental Stake Holders
Recommended Press and Public Actions
90
Recommended Congressional Actions
91
Recommended Military Actions
Recommended Scientific Community Actions
93
93
Recommended Actions for the President of the United States
95
Acknowledgements
96

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 895, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"There exists a shadowy Government with its own Air Force, its own
Navy, it's own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own
ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free
from the law itself."
- Senator Daniel K. Inouye
"In the councils of Government, we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the Military
Industrial Complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced
power exists, and will persist.
We must never let the weight of this
combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should
take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can
compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military
machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that
security and liberty may prosper together."
- President Eisenhower - January 1961

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 743, "chars": 4858, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Important Editorial Notice
Beginning in 1993, I started an effort that was designed to identify firsthand military and government
witnesses to UFO events and projects, as well as other evidence to be used in a public disclosure. From
1993, we spent considerable time and resources briefing the Clinton Administration, including CIA Director
James Woolsey, senior military officials at the Pentagon, and select members of Congress, among others. In
April of 1997, more than a dozen such government and military witnesses were assembled in Washington
DC for briefings with Congressmen, Pentagon officials and others. There, we specifically requested open
Congressional Hearings on the subject. None were forthcoming.
In 1998, we set out to "privatize" the disclosure process by raising the funds to videotape, edit, and
organize over 100 military and government witnesses to UFO events and projects. We had estimated that
between $2 million and $4 million would be needed to do this on a worldwide basis. By August of 2000
only about 5% of this amount had been raised but we decided to proceed since further delay was deemed
imprudent given the serious issues involved here.
So beginning in August we began creating the Witness
Archive Project and we set about the task of traveling all over the world to interview these witnesses in
broadcast quality digital video format. Due to the severe limitation of funds, this effort was predominantly
prepared by myself and a few other volunteers roughly from August 2000 through December 2000.
Beginning in late December 2000, I began editing over 120 hours of raw digital video testimony at home
using a dual-G4 Macintosh with 90 Gigabytes of storage and a digital video deck. I should note that I am a
medical doctor and not an editor. Nevertheless, from late December 2000 until late February 2001 the 120
hours were reduced first to 33 hours of select testimony and then 18 hours of super-select testimony. The 33
hours of select testimony were dubbed to audiotape and transcribed resulting in approximately 1200 pages of
testimony transcript. In March and early April, 2001 I edited these transcripts into a readable form, which
appear herein.
I must emphasize that this has been done under the most severe time and funding constraints, working 7
days a week and mostly 18 hours a day. And I thought the Emergency Department was tough!
I share this only so the reader will understand that these transcripts and other materials are very likely to
contain errors. These include likely errors in proper names arising from the phonetic spelling of such names
directly from transcribed audio tapes of testimony. I apologize in advance for these.
The transcripts (that appear in the Briefing Document) have only been altered to correct for a) length and
b) grammar and readability. I have assiduously avoided changing the meaning of testimony at all times.
Statements in brackets [ ] are for clarification. Statements in italics and brackets [ ]reflect commentary on
my part and are followed by my initials, SG.
These materials are, as you can now discern, only the tip of the iceberg of what we have recorded on
digital videotape. That is, from over 120 hours of testimony by over 100 witnesses we transcribed only 33
hours and then further edited materials down to a fraction of that amount. Moreover, the full archive
represents the testimony of only 100 witnesses of the more than 400 identified to date. The edited testimony
will be appearing in book form. A portion of it appears in The Disclosure Project Briefing Document and
only small excerpts and summary bios of testimony appear in this Executive summary. We hope in the
future to secure funding for a 5-6 part broadcast quality video documentary series to be made from the
videotaped testimony we have as the impact of hearing and seeing these witnesses speak is very moving.
As you read this testimony remember that it is indeed only the beginning. The rest is up to you: Call and
demand that Congress and the President and the leaders of other countries hold hearings into this subject
without delay. These witnesses welcome a subpoena so that they may officially testify under oath to what
they have experienced and said here. Indeed, the most revealing testimony waits to be seen since the deepest
sources are refusing to come forward until protected through official Congressional hearings.
This then brings me to my last point: The witnesses who have given testimony to date are extraordinarily
brave men and women — heroes in my eyes — who have taken great personal risks in coming forward.
Some have been threatened and intimidated. All are risking the ever-present ridicule that attends this subject.
Not a single one of them has been paid for his or her testimony: It has been given freely and without
- 1 -

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3227, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
reservation for the good of humanity. I wish to personally thank them here and extend to them my personal,
highest respect and gratitude.
Please, I implore you not to let this effort and their sacrifice be in vain. Help us place this matter in front
of the public, the media, and our elected representatives so that the full truth may be disclosed, so that those
Earth-saving technologies now classified may be released, and so humanity may enter a new chapter in its
evolution as one of many people in the cosmos.
This summary is focusing on the testimony of important first-hand witnesses. We have thousands
of government documents, hundreds of photographs, trace landing cases and more, but it is impossible
to include them in a summary of this length. These materials will be made available for any serious
scientific or Congressional inquiry.
Steven M. Greer, M.D.
5 April 2001
Disclosure: Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
A Brief Summary
Copyright Steven M. Greer, M.D. - March 2001
For most people, the question of whether or not we are alone in the universe is a mere philosophical
musing — something of academic interest but of no practical importance. Even evidence that we are
currently being visited by non-human advanced life forms seems to many to be an irrelevancy in a world of
global warming, crushing poverty and the threat of war. In the face of real challenges to the long-term
human future, the question of UFOs, extraterrestrials and secret government projects is a mere sideshow,
right? Wrong
— catastrophically wrong.
The evidence and testimony presented in the following pages establishes the following:
• That we are indeed being visited by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations and have been for some
time;
• That this is the most classified, compartmented program within the US and many other countries;
• That those projects have, as warned in 1961 by President Eisenhower, escaped legal oversight and
control in the US, the UK and elsewhere;
• That advanced spacecraft of extraterrestrial origin, called extraterrestrial vehicles (ETVs) by some
intelligence agencies, have been downed, retrieved and studied since at least the 1940s and possibly
as early as the 1930s;
• That significant technological breakthroughs in energy generation and propulsion have resulted from
the study of these objects (and from related human innovations dating as far back as the time of
Nicola Tesla) and that these technologies utilize a new physics not requiring the burning of fossil
fuels or ionizing radiating to generate vast amounts of energy;
• That classified, above top-secret projects possess fully operational anti-gravity propulsion devices
and new energy generation systems that, if declassified and put to peaceful uses, would empower a
new human civilization without want, poverty or environmental damage.
Those who doubt these assertions should carefully read the testimony of dozens of military and
government witnesses whose testimony clearly establishes these facts. Given the vast and profound
implications of these statements, whether one accepts or seriously doubts these assertions, all must demand
- 2-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4284, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
that Congressional hearings be convened to get to the truth of this matter. For nothing less that the human
future hangs in the balance.
Implications for the Environment:
We have identified insiders and scientists who can prove, in open Congressional hearings, that we do in
fact possess classified energy generation and anti-gravity propulsion systems capable of completely and
permanently replacing all forms of currently used energy generation and transportation systems. These
devices access the ambient electromagnetic and so-called zero point energy state to produce vast amounts of
energy without any pollution. Such systems essentially generate energy by tapping into the ever-present
quantum vacuum energy state — the baseline energy from which all energy and matter is fluxing. All matter
and energy is supported by this baseline energy state and it can be tapped through unique electromagnetic
circuits and configurations to generate huge amounts of energy from space/time all around us. These are
NOT perpetual motion machines nor do they violate the laws of thermodynamics — they merely tap an
ambient energy field all around us to generate energy.
This means that such systems do not require fuel to burn or atoms to split or fuse. They do no require
central power plants, transmission lines and the related multi-trillion dollar infrastructure required to electrify
and power remote areas of India, China, Africa and Latin America. These systems are site-specific: they can
be set up at any place and generate needed energy. Essentially, this constitutes the definitive solution to the
vast majority of environmental problems facing our world.
The environmental benefits of such a discovery can hardly be overstated, but a brief list include:
• The elimination of oil, coal and gas as sources of energy generation, thus the elimination of air and
water pollution related to the transport and use of these fuels. Oil spills, global warming, illnesses
from air pollution, acid rain etc can and must be ended within 10-20 years;
• Resource depletion and geo-political tensions arising from competition for fossil fuel resources will
• Technologies already exist to scrub manufacturing effluent to zero or near zero emissions for both air
and water-but they use a great deal of energy and thus are considered too costly to fully utilize.
Moreover, since they are energy intensive, and our energy systems today create most of the air
pollution in the world, a point of diminishing return for the environment is reached quickly. That
equation is dramatically changed when industries are able to tap vast amounts of free energy (there is
no fuel to pay for — only the device, which is no more costly than other generators) and those
systems create no pollution.
• Energy-intensive recycling efforts will be able to reach full application since the energy needed to
process solid waste will, again, be free and abundant.
• Agriculture, which is currently very energy dependent and polluting, can be transformed to use
clean, non-polluting sources of energy.
> Desertification can be reversed and world agriculture empowered by utilizing desalinization plants,
which are now very energy intensive and expensive, but will become cost-efficient once able to use
these new, non-polluting energy systems.
• Air travel, trucking and inter-city transportation systems will be replaced with new energy and
propulsion technologies (anti-gravity systems allow for silent above surface movement). No
pollution will be generated and costs will decrease substantially since the energy expenses will be
negligible. Additionally, mass transportation in urban areas can utilize these systems to provide
silent, efficient intra-city movement.
• Noise pollution from jets, trucks and other modes of transportation will be eliminated by the use of
these silent devices.
• Public utilities will not be needed since each home, office and factory will have a device to generate
whatever energy is needed. This means ugly transmission lines that are subject to storm damage and
power interruption will be a thing of the past. Underground gas pipelines, which not infrequently
rupture or leak and damage Earth and water resources, will not be needed at all.
- 3 -

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 717, "chars": 4555, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
• Nuclear power plants will be decommissioned and the technologies needed to clean such sites will be
available. Classified technologies do exist to neutralize nuclear waste.
Utopia? No, because human society will always be imperfect — but perhaps not as dysfunctional as it is
today. These technologies are real — I have seen them. Anti-gravity is a reality and so is free energy
generation. This is not a fantasy or a hoax. Do not believe those who say that this is not possible: they are the
intellectual descendants of those who said the Wright brothers would never fly.
Current human civilization has reached the point of being able to commit planeticide: the killing of an
entire world. We can and we must do better. These technologies exist and every single person who is
concerned about the environment and the human future should call for urgent hearings to allow these
technologies to be disclosed, declassified and safely applied.
Implications for Society and World Poverty:
From the above, it is obvious that these technologies that are currently classified would enable human
civilization to achieve sustainability. Of course, in the near term, we are talking about the greatest social,
economic and technological revolution in human history — bar none. I will not minimize the world-
encompassing changes that would inevitably attend such disclosures. Having dealt with this issue for much
of my adult life, I am acutely aware of how immense these changes will be.
Aside from the singular realization that homo sapiens are not the only — or most advanced — creatures
in the universe, this disclosure will cause humanity to be faced with the greatest risks and opportunities in
known history.
If we do nothing, our civilization will collapse environmentally, economically, geo-
politically and socially. In 10 - 20 years, fossil fuel and oil demand will outstrip supply significantly — and
then it is the Mad Max scenario where everyone is warring over the last barrel of oil. It is likely that this
geo-political and social collapse will precede any environmental catastrophe.
The disclosure of these new technologies will give us a new, sustainable civilization. World poverty will
be eliminated within our life times. With the advent of these new energy and propulsion systems, no place on
Earth will need to suffer from want. Even the deserts will bloom...
Once abundant and nearly free energy is available in impoverished areas for agriculture, transportation,
construction, manufacturing and electrification, there is no limit to what humanity can achieve. It is
ridiculous — obscene even — that mind-boggling poverty and famine exists in the world while we sit on
classified technologies that could completely reverse this situation.
So why not release these technologies?
Because the social, economic and geo-political order of the world would be greatly altered. Every deep
insider with whom I have met has emphasized that this would be the greatest change in known human
history. The matter is so highly classified not because it is so silly, but because its implications are so
profound and far reaching. By nature, those who control such projects do not like change. And here we are
talking about the biggest economic, technological, social and geo-political change in known human history.
Hence, the status quo is maintained, even as our civilization hurtles towards oblivion.
But by this argument, we would have never had the industrial revolution and the Ludites would have
reigned supreme to this day.
An international effort to minimize disruption to the economy and to ease the transition to this new social
and economic reality will be needed. We can do this and we must. Special interests in certain oil, energy and
economic sectors need to be reigned in and at the same time treated compassionately: Nobody likes to see
their power and empire crumble. Nations very dependent on the sale of oil and gas will need help
diversifying, stabilizing and transitioning to a new economic order.
The United States, Europe and Japan will need to adjust to a new geo-political reality as well: As
currently poor but populous countries dramatically develop technologically and economically, they will
demand — and will get — a meaningful seat at the international table. And this is as it should be. But the
can he is and hire world re aig i belies a i pive being anth
part of the newly empowered.
The US in particular will need to lead through strength - but avoid the current trend towards
- 4-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 782, "chars": 4879, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
domination. Leadership and domination are not the same, and the sooner we learn the difference the better
off the world will be. There can be international leadership without domination and hegemony, and the US
needs to realize these distinctions if it is to provide much-needed leadership on this issue.
These technologies, because they will decentralize power — literally and figuratively — will enable the
billions living in misery and poverty to enter a world of new abundance. And with economic and
technological development, education will rise and birth rates will fall. It is well known that as societies
become more educated, prosperous and technologically advanced — and women take an increasingly equal
role in society — the birth rate falls and population stabilizes. This is a good thing for world civilization and
the future of humanity.
With
each village cleanly electrified, agriculture empowered with clean and free energy and
transportation costs lowered, poverty will dramatically fall in the world. If we act now, by 2030 we will be
able to effectively eliminate all poverty in the world, as we know it today. We only need the courage to
accept these changes and the wisdom to steer humanity safely and peacefully into a new time.
Implications for World Peace and Security
A few years ago I was discussing this subject with the former Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, Senator Claiborne Pell. He explained to me that he had been in Congress since the 1950s but
had never been briefed on this subject. I told him that the nature of these black projects has resulted in most
of our leaders being left out of any decision making on this subject, and what a shame this is. I said, 'Senator
Pell, all that time you were Chairman of Foreign Relations, you were deprived of the opportunity to deal with
the ultimate foreign relations challenge..." and I pointed to the stars above our heads. He said, " You know
Dr. Greer, I am afraid that you are right..."
It is true that our great diplomats and wise elders, such as Senator Pell, President Jimmy Carter and other
international leaders have been specifically and deliberately prevented from having access to or control over
this subject.
This is a direct threat to world peace. In the vacuum of secrecy, operations supervised by
neither the people, the people's representatives, the UN nor any other legitimate entity have taken actions
that directly threaten world peace.
Testimony, corroborated by multiple military witnesses who do not know each other and who have had
no opportunity for collusion, will show that the US and other countries have engaged these ETVs in armed
attack, in some cases leading to the downing of these vehicles. As I said to Mrs. Boutros Ghali, wife of the
then Secretary General of the UN, if there is even a 10% chance that this is true, then this constitutes the
gravest threat to world peace in human history
Having personally interviewed numerous credible military and aerospace officials with direct knowledge
of such actions, I am certain that we have done this. Why? Because these unknown vehicles have been in our
airspace without our permission and because we wanted to acquire their technology. Nobody has asserted
that there is an actual threat to humanity from these objects: Obviously, any civilization capable of routine
interstellar travel could terminate our civilization in a nanosecond, if that was their intent. That we are still
breathing the free air of Earth is abundant testimony to the non-hostile nature of these ET civilizations.
We have also been informed that the so-called Star Wars (or National Missile Defense System) effort has
really been a cover for black project deployment of weapon systems to track, target and destroy ETVs as they
approach Earth or enter Earth's atmosphere. No less a figure than Wernher Von Braun warned on his death-
bed of both the reality and the madness of such a scheme, apparently to no avail (see the Testimony of Carol
Rosin, former spokesperson for Wernher Von Braun).
Well, unless we change directions we are likely to end up where we are going.
With the types of weapons currently in the covert arsenal - weapons more fearsome even than
thermonuclear devices — there is no possibility of a survivable conflict. Yet in the darkness of secrecy,
actions have been taken on behalf of every human that may endanger our future. Only a full, honest
disclosure will correct this situation. It is not possible for me to convey in words the urgency of this.
For 10 years I worked as an emergency doctor and saw how every possible object can be used as a
weapon. Every technology, unless guided by wisdom and a desire for that good and peaceful future - the
only future possible — will be used for conflict. Super-secret projects that answer to no legally constituted
- 5-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 4241, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
body- not the UN, not the US Congress, not the British Parliament — must not be allowed to continue to act
in this way on behalf of humanity.
One of the greatest dangers of extreme secrecy is that it creates a hermetically sealed, closed system
impervious to the free and open exchange of ideas. In such an environment, it is easy to see how grave
mistakes can be made. For instance, the testimony here will show that these ETVs became very prominent
after we developed the first nuclear weapons — and began to go into space. There were multiple events —
corroborated here by numerous credible military officials — of these objects hovering over and even
neutralizing ICBMs (Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles).
A closed, military view of this might be to take offense, engage in counter-measures and attempt to down
such objects. In fact, this would be the normal response. But what if these ET civilizations were saying,
"Please do not destroy your beautiful world — and know this: we will not let you go into space with such
madness and threaten others..." An event showing concern and even a larger cosmic wisdom could be
construed over and over again as an act of aggression. Such misunderstandings and myopia are the stuff
wars are made of.
Whatever our perceptions of these visitors, there is no chance that misunderstandings can be resolved
through violent engagement. To contemplate such madness is to contemplate the termination of human
civilization.
It is time for our wise elders and our levelheaded diplomats, like Sen. Pell, to be put in charge of these
weighty matters. To leave this in the hands of a clique of un-elected, self-appointed and unaccountable covert
operations is the greatest threat to US national security and world security in history. Eisenhower was right,
but nobody was listening.
In light of testimony showing that covert actions have been taken that involved violent engagement of
these visitors, it is imperative that the international community in general and the US Congress and President
in particular do the following:
• Convene hearings to assess the risks to national and international security posed by the current covert
management of the subject;
• Enforce an immediate ban on weapons in space and specifically ban the targeting of any
extraterrestrial objects since such actions are unwarranted and could endanger the whole of
humanity;
• Develop a special diplomatic unit to interface with these extraterrestrial civilizations, foster
communication and peaceful relations;
• Develop
a suitably empowered
and open international oversight group to manage human-
extraterrestrial relations and ensure peaceful and mutually beneficial interactions;
> Support international institutions that can ensure the peaceful use of those new technologies related
to advanced energy and propulsion systems (see below).
In addition to the above, a less obvious — but perhaps equally pressing — threat to world peace arises
from the fact that the covert control of this subject has resulted in the world being deprived of the new energy
and propulsion technologies discussed earlier.
World poverty and a widening gap between rich and poor are serious threats to world peace that would
be corrected by the disclosure and peaceful application of these technologies (see above). The real threat of
war over a shrinking supply of fossil fuels in the next 10-20 years further underscores the need for this
disclosure. What happens when the 4 billion people living in poverty want cars, electricity and other modern
conveniences — all of which depend on fossil fuels? To any thinking person, it is obvious that we must
transition quickly to the use of these now classified technologies — they are powerful solutions already
sitting on a shelf.
Of course, a number of insiders have pointed out that these technologies are not your grandfather's
Oldsmobile: They are technological advances, like any other, that could be put to violent uses by terrorists,
bellicose nations and madmen. But here we enter a catch 22: If these technologies are not forthcoming soon,
we will face a certain meltdown in human civilization and the environment; if they are disclosed, immensely
- 6 -

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 690, "chars": 4299, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
powerful new technologies will be out there for possible destructive uses.
In the near future, it is prudent to view humanity as likely to use any new technology violently. This
means that international agencies must be created to ensure — and enforce — the exclusive peaceful use of
such devices. The technologies exist today to link every such device to a GPS (Global Positioning System)
monitor that could disable or render useless any device tampered with or used for anything put peaceful
power generation and propulsion. These technologies should be regulated and monitored. And the
international community must mature to a level of competence to ensure their exclusive peaceful use.
Any other use should be met with overwhelming resistance by every other nation on Earth.
Such a pact is the necessary next step. Maybe someday, humanity will live in peace without the need for
such controls. But for now, the situation is like that of chained dogs — some strong leashes are warranted
and are essential.
But such concerns cannot be a rationale for further delaying the disclosure of these technologies. We
have the knowledge and means to ensure their safe and peaceful use — and these must be applied soon if we
are to avoid further degradation of the environment and an escalation of world poverty and conflict.
In the final analysis, then, we are faced with a social and spiritual crisis that transcends any technological
or scientific challenge. The technological solutions exit — but do we possess the will, wisdom and courage
to apply them for the common good? The more one contemplates this matter the more it is obvious that we
have one possible future: Peace. Peace on Earth and peace in space — a universal Peace, wisely enforced; for
every other path leads to ruin
This then is the greatest challenge of the current era. Can our spiritual and social resources rise to this
challenge? Nothing less than the destiny of the human race hangs in the balance.
Understanding UFO Secrecy
Introduction
Over the past few years I have had the responsibility of briefing senior government and scientific leaders
both in the US and abroad on the UFO/Extraterrestrial subject.
The evidence regarding this subject is clear and overwhelming: It has not been difficult to make a
compelling case for the reality of UFOs per se. What is a greater challenge is elucidating the architecture of
secrecy related to UFOs (see the exposition of this matter contained in the paper entitled "Unacknowledged"
by this author). But the greatest challenge is explaining the "why." Why all the secrecy? Why a "black" or
unacknowledged government within the government? Why hide the UFO/ET subject from public view?
ditch, men man oral. the not singe ane
The "what" or evidence is complex but manageable. The "how" or nature of the secret programs is more
difficult, much more complex and Byzantine. But the "why" — the reason behind the secrecy — is the most
challenging problem of all. There is not a single answer to this question, but rather numerous inter-related
reasons for such extraordinary secrecy. Our investigations and interviews with dozens of top-secret witnesses
who have been within such programs have enabled us to understand the reasons behind this secrecy. They
range from the fairly obvious and straightforward to the really bizarre. Here, I wish to share some key points
regarding this secrecy, why it has been imposed and why it is so difficult for the controlling interests within
covert programs to reverse policy and allow disclosure.
In The Beginning
In the early days of the ET/UFO phenomena, military, intelligence and industrial interests had concerns
regarding the nature of the phenomena, whether it originated from our human adversaries and once it was
determined to be extraterrestrial, how the public would react.
In the 1930s and 1940s this was no small matter: If these UFOs were of terrestrial origin, they would be
evidence of an Earthly adversary with technological devices far in advance of US aircraft. And once it was
determined to be extraterrestrial (some quarters knew this prior to the end of WWII) there were many more
questions than answers. To wit: why were the ETs here? What are their intentions? How do the devices travel
- 7-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 736, "chars": 4608, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
at such fantastic speeds and through the vastness of space? How might these technologies be applied to the
human situation — both in war and in peace? How would the public react to this knowledge? What effect
would the disclosure of these facts have on human belief systems? Political and social systems?
From the late 1940s through the early 1950s, a concerted effort was made to figure out the basic science
and technologies behind these spacecraft, primarily through the direct study and reverse-engineering of the
retrieved extraterrestrial objects from New Mexico and elsewhere. It was immediately recognized that these
objects were using laws of physics and applied technologies far in advance of internal combustion engines,
vacuum tubes and the like. In the climate of the Cold War and in a world where a relatively minor advantage
technologically could tilt the balance of power in the nuclear arms race, this was no small matter.
Indeed, the theme of human geo-political dysfunction appears as a recurring feature of the secrecy related
to UFOs — up to the present hour. More on this later.
From the Wilbert Smith top secret Canadian government document of 1950, we know that this subject
was held in greater secrecy than even the development of the hydrogen bomb. There was a tremendous effort
underway by the late 1940s to study extraterrestrial hardware, figure out how it operated and see what human
applications might be made from such discoveries. Even then, the project dealing with this subject was
extraordinarily covert.
It became much more so by the early 1950s when substantial progress was made on some of the basic
physics behind the ET craft energy and propulsion systems. The best we can estimate, it was then that the
entire project became increasingly "black" or unacknowledged
The compartmentalization of the project dealing with UFOs was exponentially increased by the early
1950s when it was realized what it was that these covert projects actually had: Devices displaying physics
and energy systems which — if disclosed — would forever alter life on Earth.
By the Eisenhower era, the UFO/ET projects were increasingly compartmented away from legal,
constitutional chain-of-command oversight and control. This means that — while we know from witness
testimony that Eisenhower knew of the ET craft — the president (and similar leaders in the UK and
elsewhere) were increasingly left out of the loop. Such senior elected and appointed leaders were confronted
with (as Eisenhower called it) a sophisticated military-industrial complex with labyrinthine compartmented
projects which were more and more out of their control and oversight. From direct witness testimony we
know that Eisenhower, Kennedy, Carter and Clinton were frustrated in their attempts to penetrate such
projects.
This is also true of senior congressional leaders and investigators, foreign leaders and UN leadership.
This is indeed an equal opportunity exclusion project — it does not matter how high your rank or office, if
you are not deemed necessary to the project, you are not going to know about it. Period.
Contrary to popular myth, since the 1960s concern over some type of public panic when faced with the
fact that we are not alone in the universe has not been a major reason for the secrecy. Those in the know —
notwithstanding the fantastic tales spun in UFO circles and on the X-Files — understand that fear of hostile
ETs has also not been a significant factor. While there has been continued confusion in some covert circles
over the ultimate purpose behind the ET phenomena, we know of no knowledgeable insiders who regard the
ETs as a hostile threat.
By the 1960s — and certainly by the 1990s — the world was very familiar with the concept of space
travel and the popular science — fiction industry had thoroughly indoctrinated the masses with the idea of
ETs from far away being a possibility. So why the continued secrecy?
The Cold War is over. People would hardly be shocked to find out that we are not alone in the universe
(the majority of people already believe this — in fact most people believe the UFOs are real). Besides, what
could be more shocking than to live through the latter half of the 20th century with thousands of hydrogen
bombs aimed at every major city in the world? If we can handle that, surely we can handle the idea that ETs
The facile explanations of fear, panic, shock and the like do not suffice to justify a level of secrecy so
deep that even the President and his CIA Director could be denied access to the information.
- 8-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 711, "chars": 4520, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
A Current Estimate
Continued secrecy on the UFO subject must be related, then, to on-going anxiety related to the essential
power dynamics of the world and how such a disclosure would impact these.
That is, the knowledge related to UFOs/ET phenomena must have such great potential for changing the
status quo that its continued suppression is deemed essential, at all costs.
Going back to the early 1950s, we have found that the basic technology and physics behind these ET
spacecraft were discovered through very intensive reverse-engineering projects. It was precisely at this point
that the decision was made to increase the secrecy to an unprecedented level — one which essentially took
the matter out of ordinary government chain of command control as we know it. Why?
Aside from the possible use of such knowledge by US/UK adversaries during the Cold War, it was
immediately recognized that these devices were not your dad's Oldsmobile. The basic physics behind the
energy generation and propulsion systems were such that they could easily replace all existing energy
generation and propulsion systems on the Earth. And with them, the entire geo-political and economic order.
In the 1950s, there was no great concern over global warming, eco-system collapse, ozone depletion, rain
forest loss, bio-diversity degradation, etc. In the wake of WW II, what was needed was stability, not a new
convulsion of the world economic, technological and geo-political order. Remember: those in control like to
stay in control. They are risk — averse, do not like significant change and do not give up control and power
easily.
The disclosure of the existence of ETs, with the inevitable disclosure related to these new technologies
soon to follow, would change the world forever - and they knew it. This was to be avoided at all costs.
Besides, that was the era of "what is good for GM is good for America," and the same would be true of big
oil, big coal and the like.
The inescapable fact is this: The disclosure of the ET presence would bring with it the certain release of
these technologies — and that release would sweep away the entire technological infrastructure of the planet.
The changes would be immense — and sudden.
Fifty years later this is more true now than then. Why? Because avoiding the problem in the 1950s —
while convenient at the time — means that the situation is more tenuous now. For example, world
dependence on oil and internal combustion technology is greater now than in 1955. And the world economy
is larger by orders of magnitude now, so any change would be exponentially greater — and potentially more
chaotic.
And so this is the conundrum: Each decade and generation has passed this problem on to the next, only
to find any path but continued secrecy more destabilizing than it would have been a decade earlier. In a
maddening circle of secrecy, delay of disclosure and increasing world complexity and dependence on out-
dated energy systems, each generation has found itself in a greater squeeze than the one before. As difficult
as disclosure would have been in the 1950s, disclosure now is even more difficult. And potentially Earth
shaking in its consequences.
The technological discoveries of the 1950s resulting from the reverse-engineering of extraterrestrial craft
could have enabled us to completely transform the world economic, social, technological and environmental
situation. That such advancements have been withheld from the public is related to the change-averse nature
of the controlling hierarchy at the time — and to this day.
And make no mistake; the changes would be immense.
Consider: A technology which enables energy generation from the so-called zero point field and which
enables every home, business, factory and vehicle to have its own source of power — without an external
fuel source. Ever. No need for oil, gas, coal, nuclear plants or the internal combustion engine. And no
pollution. Period.
Consider: A technology using electro-gravitic devices which allows for above surface transportation —
no more roadways to cover fertile farmland since transportation could take place totally above the surface.
besides, why risk the tectonic changes related to such a disclosure? Let a later generation take care of it.
But now, we are that later generation. And 2001 is not 1949. The Earth is straining under the burden of a
growing population — now 6 billion people — all of whom want cars, electricity, TV s and the like.
- 9-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 713, "chars": 4504, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Everyone knows that we do not have 50 more years of oil — and even if we did, the Earth's ecosystem could
not withstand 50 more years of such abuse. The risks of disclosure are now much less than the risks of
secrecy: If secrecy continues much longer, the Earth's ecosystem will collapse. Talk about a big change and
global instability...
Many people will consider the technological and economic impact of such a disclosure as the central
justification of continued secrecy. After all, we are talking about a multi-trillion dollar per year change in the
economy. The entire energy and transportation sectors of the economy would be revolutionized. And the
energy sector — the part where non-renewable fuels are purchased and burned and have to be replenished -
will utterly vanish. And while other industries will flourish, only a fool would dismiss the impact of such a
multi-trillion dollar segment of the economy disappearing.
Certainly the "vested interests" involved in the global industrial infrastructure related to oil, gas, coal and
internal combustion engines and public utilities is no small force in the world.
But to understand UFO secrecy you must consider what all that money represents at its core. Power.
Massive geo-political power.
One must consider what will happen when every village in India (or Africa or South America or China)
has devices that can generate large amounts of power without pollution and without spending huge sums of
energy on fuel. The entire world will be able to develop in an unprecedented fashion — without pollution
and without billions spent on power plants, transmission lines and combustible fuels. The have-nots will
have.
This would widely be considered a good thing: after all, much of world instability, warfare and the like is
related to mind-numbing poverty and economic depravity in a world of great wealth. Social injustice and
extreme economic disparity breeds much chaos and suffering in the world. These decentralized, non-
polluting technologies would change that permanently. Even the deserts will bloom...
But it must be remembered that geo-political power flows from technological and economic prowess.
India has over 1 billion people and the US about one-fourth of that, but who has the greater geo-political
power?
As these new energy systems proliferate, the so-called third world will rapidly reach parity with the
industrialized world of Europe, the US and Japan. This will cause a massive shift in geo-political power. And
the industrialized world will find that it must then actually share power with the now downtrodden third
world.
Those in the cat-bird seat currently (and in 1950) have no interest in doing any such thing. We can hardly
even support and share power in the United Nations.
The release of information on the UFO/ET subject will lead to the global proliferation of new energy
systems which will rapidly result in an equalization of power in the world. The US and Europe have around
600 million people. That is only 10% of the world's population. Once the other 90% rise in technological and
economic standing, it is clear to see that the geo-political power will shift — or equalize — to the rest of the
world. Power will have to be shared. Real global collective security will be inevitable. It is the end of the
world, as we know it.
When you combine the economic and technological impact with the geo-political impact, it becomes
obvious that the changes related to ending secrecy are truly tectonic - massive, world-encircling and
transformative. It is not to be regarded lightly.
But 50 years after the world could have had these new technologies — and 50 long years of ecological
degradation, social and economic chaos and disparity — we find that we are the last generation in the long
line of passing the cosmic hot potato known as the UFO secrecy problem.
And here we stand, holding this hot potato, but what shall we do about it?
To end the secrecy means vast and profound changes in virtually every aspect of human existence -
economic, social, technological, philosophical, geo-political and so forth. But to continue the secrecy and the
suppression of these new energy and propulsion technologies means something far more destabilizing: the
collapse of the Earth's ecosystem and the certain depletion of the fossil fuels on which we depend. And the
growing anger of the have-nots, who are needlessly being deprived of a full and dignified life. There are no
- 10 -

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 756, "chars": 4761, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
more generations to which we can pass this cosmic hot potato: we must deal with it and do what should have
been done in 1950.
The Webs We Weave
As if the foregoing was not enough to justify secrecy, recall that extraordinary things have been done to
maintain this secrecy. The infrastructure needed to maintain and expand the level of secrecy which can
deceive presidents and CIA Directors and senior congressional leaders and European Prime Ministers and the
like is substantial — and illegal. Let me be clear, the entity which controls the UFO matter and its related
technologies has more power than any single government in the world or any single identified world leader.
That such a situation could arise was forewarned by President Eisenhower when, in January 1961, he
cautioned us regarding the growing "military-industrial complex." This was his last speech to the world as
president — and he was warning us directly of a frightening situation about which he had personal
knowledge. For Eisenhower had seen the ET craft and deceased ET bodies. He knew of the covert programs
dealing with the situation. But he also knew that he had lost control of these projects and that they were lying
to him about the extent and full nature of their research and development activities.
Indeed, the current state-of-the-art in secrecy is a hybrid, quasi-government, quasi privatized operation
which is international — and functions outside of the purview of any single agency or any single
government. "The Government" — as you and I and Thomas Jefferson may think of it — is really quite
outside the loop. Rather, a select, tightly controlled and compartmentalized 'black' or unacknowledged
project controls these matters. Access is by inclusion alone and if you are not included, it does not matter if
you are CIA Director, President, Chairman of Senate Foreign Relations or UN Secretary General, you simply
will not know about or have access to these projects.
Indeed the situation is so dire that senior Joint Chiefs of Staff leaders in the Pentagon who I have briefed
have no more access to such projects than any other civilian — unless they are on the "inside" for some
reason. But this is rare.
To acquire and maintain such power all types of things have been done. We are reminded of that Robert
Frost poem in which he describes "the webs we weave..." But how does such an entity extract itself from
such a web of secrecy, deceit, lies and insubordination?
To be specific, this group has usurped power and rights not legally granted to it. It is extra-constitutional,
both in the US and in the UK and other countries around the world.
I will grant the possibility that, at least initially, this covert undertaking was designed to maintain secrecy
and avoid instability. But the risks of inadvertent leaks - or a national or world leader deciding legally that it
was time for disclosure — made it essential to weave a web of greater and greater secrecy and of illegal
operations. And now the web has closed in on the operation itself.
That is, the complexity of the compartmentalized projects, the degree of unconstitutional and
unauthorized activity, the "privatization" (or theft) by corporate partners (the "industrial" part of the military
- industrial complex) of advanced technologies, the continued lying to legally elected and appointed leaders
and to the public — all of these and more have contributed to a psychology of continued secrecy — because
disclosure would expose the greatest scandal in recorded history.
For example, how would the public react to the fact that the degradation of the entire Earth's ecosystem
and the irretrievable loss of thousands of species of plants and animals now extinct due to pollution, has been
utterly unnecessary — and could have been avoided if only an honest release of this information had
occurred in the 1950s?
How would society react to the knowledge that trillions of dollars have been spent on unauthorized,
unconstitutional projects over the years? And that these tax-payer dollars have been used by corporate
partners in this secrecy to develop spin - off technologies based on the study of ET objects which were later
patented and used in highly profitable technologies? Not only have the taxpayers been defrauded, they have
then been made to pay a premium for such breakthroughs which were the result of research paid for by them!
And this does not address the intellectual property theft of such technologies from the ETs. While the basic
energy generation and propulsion technologies have been withheld, these corporate partners have profited
wildly from other breakthroughs and benefits in electronics, miniaturization and related areas. Such covert
- 11 -

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 772, "chars": 4868, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
technology transfers constitutes a multi-trillion dollar theft of technologies which really should be public
domain since taxpayers have paid for it.
And how would the public react to the fact that the multi-billion dollar space program, using internal
combustion rockets and the like, has been a primitive and unnecessary experiment since much more
advanced technologies and propulsion systems were in existence before we ever went to the moon? NASA
and related agencies have, for the most part, been as much a victim of this secrecy as has the rest of the
government and the public. Only a small, very compartmentalized fraction of NASA people know of the real
ET technologies hidden away in these projects. Certainly my uncle, who helped design the lunar module
which took Neil Armstrong to the moon, was as much a victim an anyone insofar as he was denied access to
these technological breakthroughs. He had to rely on the old physics and the old internal combustion jet
thruster technologies just like everyone else. What a shame.
The inescapable reality is this: This secret project, no matter how well intentioned initially, got carried
away with its own secret power. It abused this power. It has hijacked our future for fifty years.
In fact, the quiet coup d'etat of the late 1940s and early 1950s, once exposed, could result in real
instability today.
But the situation is actually much worse than this. All that is written above is dwarfed by a larger
problem: The covert group running these UFO related black projects have also had exclusive sway over the
early days of an embryonic extraterrestrial-human relationship. And it was been tragically mismanaged —
nearly to the point of genuine global catastrophe.
For what happens when an unelected, unappointed, self-selecting, militarily oriented group alone has to
deal with inter-species relations between humans and ETs? Well, as in most areas, if you wear rose-colored
glasses the entire world looks red. And if you are wearing military glasses, every new and uncontrolled
development will be seen as a potential or real military threat.
The nature of such a group — which is inordinately controlled and incestuous — is that it is homogenous in
world — view and mind-set. Power and control are preeminent qualities. Such extreme secrecy creates a
very dangerous milieu in which checks and balances, give and take, are utterly lacking. And in such an
environment, very dangerous decisions can be made with inadequate feedback, discussion or insight from
needed perspectives which are, per force, excluded
In such an environment of extreme secrecy, militarism and paranoia, we have found that immensely
dangerous actions have been taken against the ETs. Indeed, we have multiple inside sources who have
described to us the use of increasingly advanced technologies to track, target and destroy extraterrestrial
assets. If there is even a 10% chance that this is true (I am convinced it is 100% accurate) we are dealing
with a global diplomatic and social crisis which is utterly out of our control but which puts the entire planet
at risk.
Remember, covert reverse-engineering projects have resulted in huge quantum leaps forward in
technologies that, once applied to military systems, could be a real threat to ETs, which may be here
peacefully. The attempts to rapidly militarize space are likely a result of a myopic, militaristic and paranoid
view of extraterrestrial projects and intentions. If left unchecked, it can only result in catastrophe.
Indeed this group, no matter how well-intentioned, is in urgent need of exposure so that global statesmen
with a new perspective can intercede in this situation. While we see no evidence that the ET civilizations are
at all hostile, it is also clear that it is unlikely that they will allow unfettered and growing interference with
their operations. Self-defense is likely a universal quality. And while tremendous restraint has been shown by
the ETs thus far, might there be a "cosmic trip wire" if human covert technologies begin to reach parity and
we are using such advanced technologies in a bellicose fashion? The prospect is sobering.
We need our Jimmy Carters and Dalai Lammas and other international statesmen involved with so vast a
problem. But if access is denied -and the subject remains undisclosed and off the global radar screen — we
are left with the unelected few to decide our fate and act on our behalf. This must change, and soon.
In the final analysis, while the changes attendant such a disclosure related to UFOs and ETs would be
massive and profoundly impact virtually every aspect of life on Earth, it is still the right thing to do. Secrecy
has taken on a life of its own — it is a growing cancer which needs to be cured before it destroys the life of
Earth and all who dwell on her.
- 12-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 588, "chars": 3570, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The reasons for secrecy are clear: global power, economic and technological control, geo-political status
quo, the fear of scandal surrounding the exposure of such projects and their behavior and so forth.
But the one thing more dangerous than disclosure is continued secrecy. The Earth is dying because we
are killing her. The top 250 people and families in the world have the net worth of 2.5 billion of our poorest
The promising relationship between humanity and people from other planets is being militarized
and strained by failed thinking and failed programs run completely in secret.
As daunting as disclosure may be, with all its potential for short-term instability and change, continued
secrecy means that we will destroy the Earth through our folly and greed. The future of humanity, which has
been delayed and hijacked for the past 50 years, cannot be hijacked for 50 more. For we do not have 50 more
years — the Earth's ecosystem will collapse before then.
There are no easy choices. But there is one right one. Will you help us make it?
Testimony that Explains the Secrecy
Merle Shane McDow: US Navy Atlantic Command
"These two gentlemen began to question me about this event. They were being pretty rough about it,
to be honest with you. I remember literally putting my hands up and saying, 'Wait a minute fellows. I
am on your side. Just a minute? Because they were not really nice. They were very intimidating and
made it quite clear to the point that nothing that was seen, heard, or witnessed, that transpired was to
leave this building. 'You are not to say a word about it to your co-workers. And off base, you just forget
everything that you may have seen or heard concerning this. It didn't happen...'"
Lt. Col. Charles Brown: US Air Force (Retired)
"It is sort of strange but we send people to prison, we send people to their death because of
eyewitness accounts of crimes. Our legal system is based on that to a large degree. Yet in my following
of unusual aerial phenomena for the past 50 years, there seems to be some reason to discredit very viable
and very reputable witnesses when they say something is unidentified...
"I do know that there are agencies of our Government that can manipulate data. And you can create
or recreate [whatever you want]. Craft, intelligently operated craft, have basically violated our laws of
physics on this planet. And they have done that for a long time. The fact that the Government at this
point — I know we have been investigating since 1947 — has not come up with an answer, to me
indicates that there is something seriously wrong. Are we this incompetent in science? I don't think so.
Are we this incompetent in intelligence? I know we are not this incompetent in intelligence. Now,
Project Blue Book, when it was closed by Dr. Condon's group, I have every reason to believe that this
was a total deliberate whitewash....
"UFOs have been investigated for an extended period of time and the general public is not being
made aware, fully aware — but are given only bits and pieces, programmed responses and things like
that."
"Dr. B":
"I know that some people I worked with did disappear on certain programs and were never heard
from again. They just disappeared. There has been evidence of that all through my work. You know,
that people go out on projects [and disappear]. But [to protect myself from this] I wouldn't go any further
on a project because I could see something strange coming. So, a lot of people have disappeared you
know, that are higher up."
- 13-

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 3525, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Lance Corporal Jonathan Weygandt: US Marine Corps
"You weren't supposed to be there' 'You are not supposed to see this.' 'You are going to be
dangerous if we let you go.' I thought that they were going to kill me, really...
"They had a Lieutenant Colonel from the Air Force and he did not identify himself. And he told me,
'If we just took you out in the jungle, they would never find you out there? I didn't want to test him to
see if he would really do that so I just said, 'Yeah.' And, he said, 'You have got to sign these papers.
You never saw this.' I "don't exist" and "this situation never happened." And if you tell anybody, you
will just come up missing...
"They are yelling at me and hollering and cursing. 'You didn't see anything. We will do you and
your whole goddamn family.'
"It was basically that for about eight or nine hours... 'We are going to take you off in a helicopter
and we are going to kick your ass out in the jungle and we are going to end you...
"These different agencies are on their own. They don't obey the law. They are rogue. Do I think
that this is a project that goes up through the government and everyone has a piece in it? No. I think
these guys operate on their own and no one knows what they do. It is so easy to do today. And there is
no oversight, no control. They just do whatever they want...
"Lethal, deadly force has been used. For those of you who don't know, I know marine snipers and I
have heard other guys talk about it and I've heard that these guys go on the streets and they stalk people
and they kill them. I know that the Army Airborne snipers do the same thing. They use Delta Force to
go grab these people and silence them by killing them."
Maj. George A. Filer, III: US Air Force (ret.)
"At times I used to carry nuclear weapons. In other words, I was mentally fit to carry nuclear
weapons, but I'm not mentally fit if I see a UFO. This criticism and this ridicule have done more to keep the
story coming out than almost anything else."
Nick Pope: British Ministry of Defense Official
"I believe that governments and the military, and indeed private researchers, politicians- whoever-
should place everything in the public domain on this issue. Governments can't, I think, have it both
ways. You cannot say on the one hand, as the party line often goes, that UFOs are of no defense
significance, and then on the other keep back some of the data.
"You simply can't do that. You have to have it one way or the other. And it, as governments
consistently say when the politicians probe on this issue or when the media inquire, that there's really
nothing to worry about, then okay, let's see all the data."
Larry Warren: US Air Force, Security Officer
"We were gone over with a Geiger counter and there was one return on one of the guys, and
something was taken out of his pocket. This guy was removed very quickly. And, I will swear on my
life, I never saw him again. He was removed. This happened to a lot of people. It led to a suicide that
the Air Force is responsible for. This is a real person with a real name...
"We were brought in and there were sheets on top of the law enforcement desk. There were about
10 of us. And there were one, two, three, four, five, six, seven stacks of documents, pre-typed. One was
a pre-typed statement, all generic, of what we saw — which was not what we saw. It said we were off-
duty and saw only unknown lights flipping amongst the trees. I clearly remember that. I said, what if we
- 14-

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 747, "chars": 4306, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
don't sign this, Major Zigler? And, he says, you have no choice. And, he says, I have no choice but to
ask you to do this...
"Two people came up behind each of us, and I do remember someone heading toward him, and I
heard the sound of what sounded like an aerosol. And, I went black. My nose ran profusely and my
chest got tight. I, obviously, was not getting into the car properly, so I was beaten, literally hit in the ribs
and pushed... Anyway, I have 20 minutes of recall and I'm gone for a day. And, it's established with
other people. People said I was on emergency leave or on leave or off the base. But I was just under the
base. And, there were other personnel down there.
"...I had marks, by the way, from an IV, or something, when I came out of there. I had the bruise
and I had a bandage. I will admit that. That's for real. I had it. I'm terrified to know or think of what
might have happened...
"The only reason I have my records is because I was advised to steal some of them, by an Air Force
Colonel, because he said they would vaporize you. He said, they are going to fireproof you. I was
looked at, almost like a Frank Serpico kind of guy. I was not a team player because I was talking to
everyone...
"Unfortunately, my friend, Alabama, went AWOL trying to get back home. At O'Hare Airport, he
was captured by the FBI and returned to duty immediately. All he wanted to do was go home. But he
was put back on flight duty. I was riding with the senior master Sergeant on vehicle patrol, just totally
depressed with everything, when Alabama called in — this is a real person — and said he was going to
kill himself if he couldn't go home. And, this guy turned the pick-up truck quick and was heading
toward the post. He said, you stay on the goddamn radio... I saw all the units across the flight line
responding and everything. Anyway, Alabama had a short M16, and he put it in his mouth, and took the
top of his head off. This was the first time I ever saw death, violent death, at 19. We were as different as
night and day, me and this kid. You know, he was the south, I was the north. He was very religious. I
respect that, but we had nothing in common. He was a nice guy. And, they did not do anything to help
Sgt. Clifford Stone: US Army
"During the discussion of UFOs, the question, ultimately, is going to come up, can any government
keep secrets, let alone the U.S. Government? And the answer to that is unequivocally yes. But one of
the greatest weapons the intelligence community has at their disposal is a predisposition by the American
people, the American politicians and the debunkers — people who wish to try to debunk UFO
information. They immediately come out and say, oh, we can't keep secrets, we can't keep secrets.
Well, the truth is, yes, we can.
"The National Recognizance Office remained secret for many, many years. The mere existence of
the NSA remained secret. The development of the atomic weapon remained secret until once you
exploded one you eventually had to tell some people what was going on.
"And we are conditioned by our own paradigms not to accept the possibility or probability of a
highly advanced intelligent civilization coming here to visit us. You have evidence in the form of highly
credible reports of objects being seen, of the entities inside these objects being seen. Yet, we look for a
prosaic explanation and we throw out the bits and pieces of the evidence that doesn't meet our paradigm.
So it is a self-keeping secret. You can conceal it in plain sight. It is political suicide to go and start
hitting up intelligence agencies to get this information released. So, most of your members of Congress,
and I know I've worked with a lot of them along that line, will balk and try not to do it. I can name you
three members of Congress that were point blank asked to have a congressional inquiry on what
happened here at Roswell...
"We have got to get the documentation as it exists in the Government files. We have got to get it
released before it ultimately is destroyed. A good example is the Blue Fly and Moon Dust files. I had
classified documents the Air Force acknowledged. When I got members of Congress to help me open up
more files, they were immediately destroyed and I can prove this.
- 15 -

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 715, "chars": 4186, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
"Somewhere along the line, they may see that material and realize there is some very highly sensitive
information that would have a damning effect upon the national security of United States should it
become compromised. It needs to be further protected, to insure that there is only a limited access to that
information to a small number of people. So small you can put them on a list of paper, on a piece of
paper, and list them by name. Thus, you have the special access programs. The controls that were
supposed to be put on the special access programs are not there. When Congress did their review of the
way we protect documents, and the way we go ahead and implement our secrecy programs, they found
that you had special access programs within special access programs — that is was essentially
impossible to keep control of them all by Congress. And, I'm telling you right now; it is essentially
impossible to keep control of them all.
"When it comes to UFOs, the same criteria applies. Therefore, only a small nucleus within the
intelligence community, numbering less than a hundred — no, I'd suggest less than 50 — control all that
information. It is not subject to congressional review or oversight at all. So, Congress needs to go ahead
and ask the hard questions and convene a hearing."
Master Sgt. Dan Morris: US Air Force, NRO (National Reconnaissance Office) Operative
"I became part of a group that would investigate, gather the information, and in the beginning it was
still under the Blue Book, Snowbird and different covert programs. I would go interview people who
claimed they had seen something and try to convince them they hadn't seen something or that they were
hallucinating. Well, if that didn't work, another team would come in and give all the threats. And
threaten them and their family and so on and so forth. And they would be in charge of discrediting them,
making them look foolish and so on and so forth. Now if that didn't work, then there was another team
that put an end to that problem, one way or another."
A.H.: Boeing Aerospace Employee
"A CNN reporter in Washington, D.C., the second time that Gorbachev came to America, was able
to interview Gorbachev and his wife. When they got out on the street they drove the security detail up
the wall. And a CNN reporter asked Gorbachev 'Do you think we should get rid of all our nuclear
weapons?' And his wife stepped in and she said, 'No, I don't think we should get rid of all our nuclear
weapons because of alien spacecraft.'
"Now CNN put this story on for the half hour, on CNN headline news; I heard this and I jumped up
and put a blank tape in to record the next half-hour. Well, that story disappeared and you know who
intercepted that. It was the CIA that got involved with that, because I know that they were monitoring
CNN and all international headlines at that time. They squashed that, but I heard it. And this tells me
that my information is correct about Ronald Reagan, from my NSA source. The secrecy is just total
overkill as far as I'm concerned. And the Congress needs to know about this information...
"He said that we're trying to get a lid on this to try to minimize the sightings and quell the news
media and the witnesses that are reporting these sightings to the news media. The Air Force wanted to
push this thing under the rug and continue to research it and just get a handle on it. He confirmed that the
Air Force wanted to steer the news media off on some crazy idea that these sightings were created by
college pranks and balloons and meteorological problems...
"What he told me regarding the security ramifications were that if their military personnel talked
about this they could be court marshaled or at least threatened to be court marshaled to get him to back
down. Other intimidations would be to hold their paychecks back, transfer them to other bases where a
lot of people would not want to go to, like Alaska...
"Basically, these projects were controlled by the Majestic 12 group, which is no longer called MJ12.
I'm trying to find out the new name of this group. My contact that worked at Area 51 knows the name of
- 16 -

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 3867, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
the group, but he's refusing to tell me the name. Basically it's an oversight group intermingled with the
National Security Council and the National Security Planning Group in Washington, D.C. There is a
group called the National Security Planning Group that oversees everything. And Majestic 12 is
intermingled with these people, the National Security Planning Group.
"They have full control. They alert the President of what's taking place and he either authorizes or
just says, hey, you guys go at it. They have full control. They have no Congressional oversight
whatsoever. They answer to nobody, except for the President of the United States. But they are trying to
push even that aside, away from the President, from what I understand.
"The Presidents no longer have that much control over these groups anymore. It's like a separate
entity."
Officer Alan Godfrey: British Police
"I was absolutely amazed at what happened after that. My life just turned upside down in an instant.
From being a happy go lucky chap, within a space of six months I was put through hell and turned into
one of the most horrible persons you could ever imagine coming across. Purely through harassment,
stress, victimization, you name it, I had it."
Sgt. Karl Wolfe: US Air Force
"I didn't want to look at it any longer than that, because I felt that my life was in jeopardy. Do you
understand what I'm saying? I would have loved to have looked at it longer, I would have loved to have
had copies. I would love to have said more about it, discussed it more, but I knew I couldn't. I knew the
young fellow who was sharing this was really, really overstepping his bounds at that point.
"I felt that he just needed somebody to talk to. He hadn't discussed it, couldn't discuss it, and he
wasn't doing it for any ulterior motive other than the fact that I think he had the weight of this thing on
him and it was distressing to him...
"I knew that I couldn't go anyplace for at least five years without telling the State Department where
I was, after I left the military. Any time I traveled I had to notify and get permission, even in the United
States. They had to know where I was all the time. As an example, if we went to Vietnam there was
always someone there with us, with a gun, ready to annihilate us basically if we should fall into the
hands of the enemy. They didn't want the enemy to get us; we would be killed instead.
"So we knew we were operating under these sort of conditions. Your life was in jeopardy all the
time, should you fall into the wrong hands. So we were aware of that. I was told when I left that I would
be investigated on a regular basis to make sure that I wasn't involved in any peculiar activities that didn't
suit the government's needs."
Ms. Donna Hare: NASA Employee
"There was a point in time when I had some people come out and tell me I shouldn't talk about this.
They didn't threaten to kill me but I got the message I shouldn't talk about it. But I'd already talked
about it so much it didn't really matter anymore. And like I said at the [1997] congressional briefings, I
really started feeling like this topic was like sex. You know, everybody knew about it but nobody talked
about in mixed company. I'm waiting to tell more whenever there's a congressional hearing where I
could be protected. I trust Dr. Greer. I feel he's done everything he said he would do as tar as
protection, secrecy of what I give him, for now. I want it to come out when it's necessary and proper and
can do some good. I don't want people going around that are trying to get rid of these people or hurting
them or challenging them or making them so frightened they move away-like this one particular man I
know of who has just disappeared off the face of the Earth. This one man, he has disappeared. I just
don't want that."
- 17-

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 697, "chars": 4020, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Mr. John Maynard: DIA Official
"Of corporations involved in this matter, Atlantic Research Corporation is one of the big ones. So
it's not very often heard about. It's an insider beltway bandit, if you want to call it that very low profile,
mostly has all of its work done within Intelligence. TRW, Johnson Controls, Honeywell: All of them at
some point or another became involved with the Intelligence field. Certain works, activities were
contracted out to them. Atlantic Research was one of them — way back. These are entities that were
created out of people in the Pentagon to become a "beltway bandit' — received projects, grants, and
monies to do certain projects that were so highly classified and compartmentalized that you know only
about four people would know what was going on. So it was that tightly controlled."
Dr. Robert Wood: McDonnell Douglas Aerospace Engineer
"As you may know, when you get cleared for one of these classified programs you wear your special
badge and you know you can talk to anybody who's in the room with a lot of candor and it feels like
that's ones psychological group--there's a lot of camaraderie that builds up. And you had access to
special libraries. So one of the things that we could do is go up to the library that the Air Force ran and
sort of paw through top-secret material. Since I was interested in UFOs, when I had some usual business
to take care of, I'd also look in their library to see what they had on UFOs. And for about a year I was
getting quite a few hits on the subject about various reports. Then all of a sudden, the whole subject
material vanished. The entire classification for the subject just vanished. The librarian in our group that
I was working with said he'd been in that vault for twenty years and knew exactly how things were
normally done. He said, this is remarkable. He said, I've never seen that before, you just don't have a
whole subject vanish out from under you. He said, I think there is something there that you hit on...
"In the meantime, there was one other thing that came about as a result of my association with Jim
McDonald. I liked the guy; he was really an energetic physicist and wouldn't let any grass grow under
his feet. When he got a case he would dig his teeth into it and present an overwhelmingly convincing
story to professional societies. He would talk to the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
and the American Physical Society, and I happened to be members of both. So whenever he was in town
I would pick him up, escort him, made sure he felt welcome.
"So once when I was traveling through Tucson, where he lived, I stopped- I had a two-hour layover
tried to shoot himself. A couple months after that he finally died.
"Knowing what I think I now suspect about the skills of our counterintelligence people, I think we
had the capacity to convince him to do it himself. I think that's what happened...
"Clearly in order to have effective control of this subject, you have to control it at all levels and the
most obvious level is the media. So you have to look at all the kinds of media there are, the movies, the
magazines, and of course in the early days that's all it is, newspapers and movies and magazines. Now
we have the Internet and video and all those other sorts of things. But as the technology has blossomed
in these other avenues, the people worrying about this control have also just moved into those avenues
right along with them. So every time a new avenue comes up they have a new counterpoint."
Glen Dennis: NM UFO Crash Witness
"One of the MPs took me aside and he just said, look mister, you don't go and start any. Nothing
happened down here. And he said, if you do you know there'd be real serious problems. The way my
character was at that time, I just said, I'm a civilian and you can go to hell. And that's when he said, you
may be the one going to hell. He said, somebody would be picking my bones out of the sand if I talked."
- 18-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 3745, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Sgt. Leonard Pretko: US Air Force
"In the military they do ridicule you and I was ridiculed a few times about these UFO events. I was
told that I would never make Master Sergeant if I brought this crap up again. My superior said, 'If you
keep this crap up you will never make Master Sergeant. You will get orders for Tech but you will never
make Master Sergeant. They will force you out of the military.""'
Dr. Roberto Pinotti: Italian UFO expert
"Probably there are, in every part of the world, invisible links with a definite invisible college that is
keeping this secret. They are dealing with this subject from the standpoint of research secretly in order
to have gains and technologies to be applied in a various ways. The UFO problem is not only a scientific
problem, it is also an intelligence problem.
"This is the second important face of the UFO reality. When we begin to understand this we may
understand a lot of things, because all this has to do with power. Power everywhere, in every country,
with every government, with every situation."
Dr. Paul Czysz: McDonnell Douglas Career Engineer
"The black budget world is like trying to describe Casper the friendly ghost. You might see a
cartoon of him but you don't know how big he is, you don't know where his funding comes from, you
don't know how many there are because of the compartmentalization and the oath that people have to
take. I know people today that worked on one of the things that I worked on, and if you asked them
about it — even if it is being discussed on the Internet — they would say no, I have no idea what you're
talking about. They're in their seventies now, but they still absolutely would never admit that they even
know what you're talking about. You have no idea, but it's probably larger than you think."
Astronaut Edgar Mitchell
"But it has been the subject of disinformation in order to deflect attention and to create confusion so
the truth doesn't come out. Disinformation is simply another method of stonewalling. And that's been
used consistently for the last 50 years or so: Weather balloons over Roswell as opposed to a crashed craft
of some sort. That is disinformation. We've seen that for 50 years. And it's the best way to hide
something...
"Whatever activity is going on, to the extent that it is a clandestine group, a quasi-Government
group, a quasi-private group, it is without any type, as far as I can tell, of high level Government
oversight. And that is a great concern."
John Callahan: FAA Head of Accidents and Investigations
"...When they got done, they actually swore all these other guys in there that this never took place.
We never had this meeting. And this was never recorded...
"This was one of the guys from the CIA. Okay? That they were never there and this never
happened. At the time I said, well I don't know why you are saying this. I mean, there was something
there and if it's not the stealth bomber, then you know, it's a UFO. And if it's a UFO, why wouldn't you
want the people to know? Oh, they got all excited over that. You don't even want to say those words.
He said this is the first time they ever had 30 minutes of radar data on a UFO. And they are all itching to
get their hands onto the data and to find out what it is and what really goes on. He says it they come out
and told the American public that they ran into a UFO out there, it would cause panic across the country.
So therefore, you can't talk about it. And they are going to take all this data...
"Well when they read the reports that came through the FAA decided it had to protect themselves —
you can't say you saw a target, even though this is what he said. So they made him change his report to
- 19 -

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 774, "chars": 4350, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
say 'position symbols,' which makes it sound like it wasn't really a target. Well if it's not a target then a
lot of the other position symbols that we are separating [on radar] aren't targets either. And when I read
that, I thought oh, there is something fishy here, that somebody is worried about something or other and
they are trying to cover up.
"When the CIA told us that this never happened and we never had this meeting, I believe it was
because they didn't want the public to know that this was going on. Normally we would put out some
type of a news release that such and such happened...
"Well, I've been involved in a lot of cover-ups with the FAA. When we gave the presentation to the
Reagan staff I was behind the group that was there. And when they were speaking to the people in the
room, they had all those people swear that this never happened. But they never had me swear it never
happened. And it always bothered me that we have these things going on and when you see something
or you hear something on the radio or TV, the news, that it's put down as it's not there. I have a hard
time saying nothing...
Michael Smith: US Air Force Radar Controller
"NORAD [North American Air Defense Command] knows about it. They had called NORAD. The
senior NCO pulled me to the side and said that NORAD knows about it — that's the only people we
notify. We don't talk about this. We don't tell anybody about this. The people that know know. We
just watch, see what happens, and that's it. That's our job. I insisted there has to be a report filed or
something filed, you know? And he said that there is a report that you can file — it's about an inch
thick, and the first two pages are about the sighting. The rest of it is basically a psychological profile of
you, your family, your bloodlines, everything
"When the Air Force goes through it, they can discredit you completely by either saying that [you
were] on drugs, or your mother was a communist, or anything to discredit you. You'd never get a
promotion, and [you'd] spend the next three and one-half years up at the North Pole, living in a tent,
checking the weather balloons. You know — no hope for promotion. So, the message was pretty loud
and clear: You just shut-up and don't say anything to anybody...
"Another experience I had happened on third shift. I was on the radar, and NORAD called me and
informed me that there was a UFO coming up the California coast and it would be in my area pretty
soon.
"I said what do you want me to do? And they said, 'Nothing, just watch it, don't write it down.' We
have a log book in which we are supposed to keep track of anything out of the ordinary. But they said,
'Don't log it or anything, just watch it. We are just letting you know — heads up.' NORAD was well
aware, obviously, that these UFOs were around, and the action of the people when I first saw the UFO on
radar was as if it happens quite often."
"The government, they cover up. They don't want anybody talking about it. But this is such
remarkable technology. These people come from who knows where.
I would think you'd want
everybody to know...
"On a personal note, after the first event happened in Oregon, I came home on leave and told my
Dad about it. He was red, white, and blue through and through — an old WWII hero and all that, and
very patriotic. I was explaining to him about these UFOs that we routinely see out there, and he said,
'No, the Government says that there are no UFOs.' I'm saying, Dad, I've seen these on radar with my
own eyes. And he says, come on, the Government would never lie to him. You know? But here's his
son; I would never lie to him.
"So, he just didn't know what to do. It wasn't until years later, until after Watergate, that he said,
'Hey, sit down and tell me about this. The Government is lying to me about a little thing like Watergate,
so obviously they are out lying about something big.'
"It's a Government cover-up that doesn't need to be here any more. There is no more Cold War. I
believe the same thing Dr. Greer does, that the technology they have could enable us to stop burning our
fossil fuels and stop the damage to the ozone, etc. These people have technologies — they must have
something. And the Government knows about it. They have these aliens, they have these spacecraft,
- 20 -

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 642, "chars": 3725, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
they have this technology, all this. There's a lot of back-engineered technology, that's pretty obvious.
Who are they to cover this up when other Governments are coming forward, admitting, and showing
their files — why isn't our Government?"
Franklin Carter: US Navy Radar Technician
"They didn't want anybody to know anything about what we were seeing. And I think that started
the cover-up. And then it got out of hand.
"But I know that the only people that they are keeping it secret from today are the Americans.
Everybody else knows about it and accepts it. And all of the other Governments in the world except
England and the U.S. primarily, are accepting it.
"It's very irritating to me personally, to see that go on."
Neil Daniels: United Airlines Pilot
"In the past pilots that had seen things and had talked about it were let go. Some were released from
their flying and treated as nutcases and things like that. So that was the last I said of it for many, many
years.
Lt. Frederick Fox: US Navy Pilot
"There is a publication called JANAP 146 E that had a section that says you will not reveal any
information regarding the UFO phenomenon under penalty of $10,000.00 fine and ten years in jail. So
they were quite adamant that whatever experiences you had you were not to go public with it without
their permission...
"The subject never came up with Air Traffic Control. In any event I would never have opened my
mouth. There was a Captain, Pete Killian, who was written about in some of the UFO books. He was a
Captain with American Airlines back in the '50's that evidently had a sighting and testified before the
Senate committees. And then there was another captain that actually took a photograph of a UFO off his
wings. And of course they were subject to ridicule. I didn't want to go that direction. So, I never
reported anything to FAA or the military. A lot of pilots just did not want to get involved in this because
of peer pressure and ridicule. So the secret has been kept...
"I have a very personal friend that was a B-24 pilot during W.W.II that got into [the] O.S.S. And
he was one of the first people into Japan after the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, Nagasaki.
He ended up on Project Bluebook, Section 13, which I believe was the top-secret portion of that
investigation. At the time he was a captain in the Air Force. He's in his late '70's now and he is still
being carried on active duty as a captain. I don't know if he's being paid but if he's on active duty he
should be a three star general with time and rank and he should be paid. And the whole reason that they
have kept him on active duty is to keep his national security oath active because of what he knows.
There are certain things that he will not talk to me about because of that security oath even though I had
a top secret clearance with the Navy and we are both very interested in the same thing.
"For whatever reason the Government, or those agencies of Government, deem necessary to protect
their agendas, which obviously now, aren't our agendas. I think it is time for us to act, to end this
charade. And to take whatever steps are necessary to insure that the human race evolves properly and
enjoys the fruits of that evolution."
Captain Robert Salas: US Air Force, SAC Launch Controller
"I wrote up a report about this incident; it was in my log and I turned it in. When we got to the base
we had to report to our squadron commander right away. And in that room with my squadron
commander was a fellow from AFOSI (we had an Air Force Office of Special Investigations on the
base). He was there in the office with the commander. He asked for my logs and he wanted a quick
- 21 -

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 684, "chars": 3964, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
briefing although it seemed to me he knew pretty much what had happened already. But we gave him a
quick briefing and then he asked us both to sign a non-disclosure agreement saying this was classified
information — we were not to release this to anybody, and that was it. We couldn't talk; he told us we
could not talk about this to anyone, including any of the other crews, our spouses, our family, even
amongst each other...
"Bob Kominski headed up the organization to look at all aspects of these [UFO related ICBM]
shutdowns. Kominski relates to me in writing that at some point he was told by his boss that the Air
Force said, 'Stop the investigation; do no more on this and in addition do not write a final report.'
Again, this is very unusual especially in light of the fact that CINC-SAC headquarters was stating that
this was of extreme importance to find out exactly what happened here. And yet, the head of the
investigative team was told during the investigation to stop the investigation and not write a final report."
Prof. Robert Jacobs: US Air Force
"After an article [came out about the incident], the shit hit the fan! I started being harassed at
work. I started getting odd telephone calls that would come during the day. At night, at my house I
would get telephone calls — all night long sometimes — 3:00 in the morning, 4:00 in the morning,
midnight, 10:00. People would call and start screaming at me. You are going down motherfucker! You
are going down motherfucker! And that's all they would say. And they'd keep screaming that until I
finally hung up the phone.
"One night somebody blew up my mail box by putting a big load of skyrockets in it. The mailbox
went up in flames. And that night at 1:00 in the morning the phone rang. I picked it up and somebody
said, skyrockets in your box at night, oh what a beautiful sight, motherfucker!
"And things like that have happened on and off since 1982...
"I believe this nutty fringe around UFOs is part of a concerted effort to keep serious study of it
down. Anytime anybody tries to study this subject seriously, we are subject to ridicule. I'm a full
professor at a relatively major university. And I'm certain that my colleagues at the university laugh at
me and hoot and holler behind my back when they hear that I have an interest in studying unidentified
flying objects — and that's just one of the things that we have to live with...
"What happened to the film is an interesting story in itself as Major Mansmann related to me and
other people. Some time after I had gone, the guys in civilian clothes — I thought it was the CIA but he
said no, it wasn't the CIA, it was somebody else- took the film and they spooled off the part that had the
UFO on it and they took a pair of scissors and cut it off. They put that on a separate reel. They put it in
their briefcase. They handed Major Mansmann back the rest of the film and said here, I don't need to
remind you Major of the severity of a security breach; we'll consider this incident closed. And they
walked off with the film. Major Mansmann never saw it again"
Harry Allen Jordan: US Navy
"A Lieutenant Commander whom I didn't know very well came over and he asked, you know,
'What's up Jordan? What have you got in your log?' And he says, 'You don't need to put that in there?
Now to me that was highly irregular, highly irregular to say that particularly on a ship's logs. I did have
the contact logged in there. And I started writing in UFO."
James Kopf: US Navy Crypto Communications
"A few days later the Commanding Officer and the Executive Officer came on the closed circuit
television system that we had on board. It was the only way that they could address the crew of 5,000.
He [the Commanding Officer] looked at the camera — and I will never forget this — and he said, 'I
would like to remind the crew that certain events that take place on board a major naval combative vessel
- 22 -

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1410, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
are considered classified and should not be discussed with anyone without a need to know? And that
was all he said."
Witness Testimony
Overview
Astronaut Edgar Mitchell: May 1998
In February 1971 Astronaut Edgar Mitchell flew on Apollo 14 and was the 6' man to walk on the
moon. In his testimony, he acknowledges the fact that there have been ET visitations here on Earth
as well as crashed craft and recovered materials and bodies. He also speaks of the concealment
that has been prevalent surrounding this subject for over 50 years and the lack of oversight and
visible Government control. He is concerned over our stewardship of this Earth and sees our
growing environmental crisis as real.
Monsignor Corrado Balducci: September 2000
Monsignor Balducci is a Vatican theologian and an insider close to the Pope. He has been featured
on national Italian television numerous times to express that extraterrestrial contact is a real
phenomenon and "not due to psychological impairment." In this testimony he explains that not
only the general populace but also highly credible, cultured, and educated people of high status are
recognizing more and more that this is a real phenomenon. He goes on to speak about the
extraterrestrial people as part of God's creation and that they are not angels nor are they devils.
However they are probably more spiritually evolved.
- 23 -

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 721, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Mi - 3 - 2809
CENTHAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
WATHMT 21, D. E
• OFPICI OF THE DIRECTOL
195i
000014
MEDEADTI DO, DiectOr, Pareheloaleal' Strataes daeri
B3J5tEi
FINLEg SAUCATs
I di toury tressmittine to tho hatiooil srorlt
ø & rg , x e It 1• cocludad țozt țo
problein conoeted mità culdentifiod fyLE ebjecta appemr to
Dae fopltcattors for parcholoztoi marfare as mall te lor
Intelligence Ind opetzt02z.
Ie backgrored tor tis er la proseated in Born.
detail ta DE 3,
3× I 5ufgust tret ne docico at en eætly board atrti*a
the possiale offersive oI defrasive utiILIEtion OI thesu
Deocenaze fer eeyeh0l0gcel *ast epoees.
Enclo5=e
Fattor Bo Buith
ITector
-:
:. ÷
RELEASED 5/9/ 94 =
- 04·
- 24 -

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2157, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-
3:5027
DF: 21952
MELORITUS FOR: Director of Central Intelligence
THRU
SUBJECT
Deputy Director for Intelligence
: Unidentitled Flying Daleste
1. Do 20 Amzust, the DCI,
efter & briefing by OSt on the above
subject, directed the greparation of an BOID for subalasion to the
Council steting the need for Investigation E0d TeCTing frenc
concerned to cooperete in such Investigations.
In etteppting to draft such a directive and the supporting
ataff studies, it becene epparent to DO/T, Acting AD/SI aDd AD/IO
, tbat the problem was Jargely a research end developnent groblen, end
It ves decided Er DO/I to atterit to initiate action through STE-
A conference was beld between DI/USAF, Chairman of FEDS, DO/I, Acting
AD/SI ené ADJIO at which time It ves decided that Dro FiteD, CAL
of FITS, vold lovestigate the boesibility of undertaking re#eerch #od
develoggest studles throuth At Force egencieo-
do epproximately 6 November, we were advided by CANITEN,
ALIB, that Iiquiries in the Air Staff did not disclose
"urdue concern"
over this catter, but that 1t nad been referred to the Air Iefense
Солядй 1or consligration-
Ho further word has been zeceived from.
F8D9-
Recent reports reaching Con TAdicated that furtber actlon wea
desirable and trother betering by the cognizent 4+2 end MIC persontel
was held on 25 Hovercer, At this time, the reports of incidents convirice
us that there in sosthins 501ng on that must have ionediate attention.
Ibe details of son of these Incidebts have been discussed by 4Đ/BI
*ith DDct- Sightings of unexplained objecto et great altitudes and
trevellity et hit speeds 1u the vicinity of najor U.B. defense 1x-
stellations cre of such nature that they are not attributable to
natural shercaez Or brown types of aerial vehicles.
5. -OSI 1s pradeeding to the establishment of a Consultins group
of suffistent copretence end stature to review this matter and convince
tle respongfble authorities in the conmity that iomediute research
did datelegrant on this subjost euce be undertaten, : This con bo done
expeditiously under the resta of CErE.
-
Declossified by -
dato 211411975.
- 26-
- 25 -

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 393, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-
-
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Attaçbed bereto 1a a draft genorandim to the NSC azd a simple
cotablishing thie atter es ¿ griority project
broughout the Intellizence and the dufense teserrch znd dev*lopnent
community=
ia Charlene
HA. HARSALL CHADHELT
Atalatent Director
§ciestlfic Iutallizence
Attachments:
Draft rezo to NSC with
dreft Directive
maintel asper to pere
..;-
- 26-

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1555, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
To
•------
re: duiv 25, 1952
SUBJECT: _
FIFINO SAUCERS
PORPOSE:
rollrd to
Torture at he netory net ton force nas
riging dires
Hang dares begared ranges tee ratted States sancera
=-
Representitives
made dong ent treat de orate
Major dengrol John A.
Air force, to receive 7 erfering from Conmander Bandal.
birector of air Intelligence, Breat
8owt 0f the Current Intellinenco Bronch: Istinotes Diviaion,
Air Intelligence, regarding
the present
stotus of dEr Intelligence
research fnto the nunerous reporta regarding Siping saucero
and flying dir...
Boyd aduleed thet dir Intelligence has
get up at fright Fattorson dir Force dares Ohim,
Technlenl Intelligence
Cantor which hos been establtshed for
the purpose 0f coordinating, correlosing and noting researob
tito oll reporto regarding fiving coucers did fIVing discor-
fe adulted that dir force redearch has indfcoted that #hs
saucers gona back soverl centuries and
the ninter
nighting#
rrported viries nith the amount
In norepapers, the number of sigbtingy reported Increasea
considerably
4nd that citien irocdiotel coll 7# reporting
sightings which occurred several months previously+
stated thot thebe reported
dre rideed Into three einsafficotione by sir
IntelIłgenez:
Ihone alghtings which are reported by citizena oRD
the grount.
sightings Dory
Fery little credence f3 ginay ‡r
these gicheinon
incginative or come
crussed through the
which actually
pilote.
Waitings reportet or
atghtinta re noneldered pore
credible
FINER: 5
#Titte
47-83594-256
- 27 -
-
-
-
-
-
-

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2155, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-
-
-
=
-
-
by the dir Force Inosmich as consercial or aflitory
pilota are experienced in the air ond ore not
erpected to get objects which are entirely Imaginative.
each of these Instanced, the Indfviduni nho reporta
the sighting Io thoroughin interuienad buo representotive
IntalIfoence do flot a corplete descripłIon J
he objeet slahted can be obtoined.
(3) Those sightings which are reported bu pfloto ond
for which there fa additional corroboration, such at,
recording bu radar or glohting from the_9Ț017o*
connonder Boyd adulsed thot this lotter clqnoffłodțłon
constitutes two or three per cent of the total nueber
of aightinge, but that they are the nost credible
reporta recelued and are difficult to explota.
of hee İ€
then ore observed by pilota I* the or go Fen
are picted up by rodar Inatruments.
these inatances there fa no doubt that thege indibiduals
reporting the sightinge detually did see something In
However, he
erplained thøt there objecto corld
**fIl be noturol phenomena and atlll could be recorded
on rodor fr there bos gone elccirtcal disturbonce f7 the
He stated that the Slying saucers are nost frequently
areas phere there is
heany gir traffic, guch an
nihington, D.Cay ani Ner Jork City•
He aduised, honeper,
none reports are
teçefved fron other parts of the cogntry-
the entire United Stotes ond thot eigh#ingo_t7vd 4Ig0
focentiy been reported ds far diotant on 190pu7ç9-
foreo and Irench Morocco.
fe odtissd that tie rightingo
rerorfed ‡n the loot classirfcation note never been datlaOÇFOrLI
He potnted out, honcuer• thot It I* stIlI posotbIE_
Zant these objecte may be a natural
phenomenon or soge type
of atnosphericol disturbance.
He advised that It io not
entirely impossible thot the
objecta aighted say possibly be.
chips from another plonet such as Marg.
advided that at
the present time there Is nothing to
substantfote this theory
the poasibility is not being overlooted.
He gtoted that™
Mr Intelligence to fairly certain that these objest* doamonder
lopd oduised that
the dir force fa ottenpting
in each inatance to send up jet interceptor planes fa arder to
.. -
- 79-
- 28 -

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 427, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

; r F t attenpts
i better view of these objects. However, recen
in hes Pegard nape indicated that when the piios tn the jet
approaches the object tt inpertabiy fadea from Urec.
APCOMTESDATION?
None, The foregotag ia for your tnformattan. |

ty
—————— | ie medial | “Lk

aoe " ical Sete - a ai eames .

— aah . — * Powe — . ee %.- 1

a.

F

———————————— tc yi all" "
— a SS sone —_

- 29 -

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1558, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
1+4247
SEP 24 1952
ISIDODIE FEE Direstor of Central Intelligenco
TENOTON
SUBJECE
* Daptity Dizostar (InteIlgeroe)
Flying Catt
000034
Intellizonce to detertie testher there are batimel security Lrpltcatlom
Ilya bites!
thia probler Li its relatioo to sech intieml seerity I plisationa,
and it Mother finestigetter and regesson sbold be testituted,
by was, and under what segis.
2.
•It as ford that the nir bit of Corrent escently
studying tes problan 17 the Dictorate ef Int*1Isgeoce
Isy cherged the AIr Technleil Insolligenot Center ATIC) vIth
alt, water
spastility for treats the reports cheating. At ArID
tere It a groto of these affEcess ard tro decretarles to rhich co,
eil reposts of affitings. Ible grotp
conducts datin
A vorli-HiJa
ben cEderad to zie Interceptions of midentifi+d firing obiests.
The state#oh 1e betes codestei on a cos tanis and 1s designad to
dorita a bitastectory enteratics er each indiridiel #ishtirs.
ATIO bEs cosofaded an arrangecent wIth Battelle Potarlal Institutt
for tha latter to establlel a rechise Indeclag systan for ecclaal
reporto of alç tines.
Sitze I947, ATIC has Facilvad apsrodratsly 1500 off,@|]
reposts of slenting plus an enores poles of lotters, some alon
bardog July 1902 alone, official reposts totaled
0g the 1500 caporte, Mir Force corles 20 percent as called red
Of there resetted fira Jamary through July 1952 It cardes 2ã parcant
peas did broicist incheza; ord conterred vith depa set carteltants,
who tate brend taolodgs of the technical are concerned.
- 3] -
- 30-

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1241, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
000095
These aspacto are to determino definitoly tha ratire of the various
and to discover boato
aluties raid erobl be foul ed the rarelay or fat begood the
be a frator,
They reocconded that a atudy top ba fosted to partois
thres fumotfonz!
"
a. anaIyto and aystoratios the feotars ublen costitute
the fundernatel problen,
the phenorant involzed; AId
regetich,
WHos Fresident of the Pistachusotts Institato
dcastitated at that Institute.
Similarly, Project Eircelt,
tha
15100e's el destra groject et 134, cdule be oranged with son
6. The flitag matsor sitration centalas tro elecents of dareer
ulet, in a situatico of interational tension, tava retiotel cecurity
iplestion,
IteRa a101
8=6010401 - It worldwide sishtinga ieported, It
tas faced that, lo to the tine of the Iuvestirtion, there 17d
beer 1e the Sorist peeso no report or cemmut, evan satirferl,
antics of the mibfect,
With a State-centrolled press, this
e0id result oily froa an offletal poltey decision.
quest, therefere, arises as to metber « not thase elebtiogs=
al. cold be trade marrie dresse
(2) could ba prodiates, and
3) could be led froaa paychologdoal laritI
olat of rien, nither offeroivaly or defonzitely
..
- 32 -
- 31-
: -
-
'=

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1778, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-0096
-.
-
-
-
-
-
-
The publlo corern vitk the ghensers, uhich fa seflacted both
In the Unitod States cress end In tho pressuto of Liqulzz Hpon the
Alt Fosce, Iedtenten tent a falr proportlet ot our populition
La gintally sondltloed to the acceptande dl the ineredible.
In this fect Lies the potential Ior the trachirg-otf of mado
Lysterla #a pante,
bv dvd vă ó cdà
TS.3,R, in credited ditb tha
present pibitlty of dalivarieg an sir attack ag tost the
t2it90 Statee, jet ot ary gifen acwnu nov, there ray be
•elrtent a doset gEfLeZ viddantifled sigatangn plus дат
motficial ones,
At any amant of attade, io are nor tr a
poa tien bere ve eneot,
on an instiat baste, distinguiso
fardgte frea nhentca, and as tenstea bounts vo VlI 1a the
IntregsigE Fist of false alorts end the evan greeter dorger
•I IsIsoly 1dantifzlng the Iex1 ae ponte.
• Joth of these f=ob1eay erę prire-1ly 0gerstlczal la natur
nt eneh contatas iadti, apatent Intaltigtzce fectora»
Eo Tros as cretloml polat el rteu, trrea actios art
zequitede
Izedlate steps shold be tazon to lumróre Identiflezties
of boh risel ezd olectrane rtartan so thet, io tha ereat at
tn atillk, bratont eza gesltve idestificntion ct erset planaz
•5 =inelles mn be =d.
uts ise on cal dod be or ase d en ders y frated, tates,
payehologlenl rana planers ard htat,
If ary, defeosos shculd
be pleinei in articizztiou of Soviot atheupta do utllice then,
shoa esats to st so ante dd ts ga patey
dT¢÷
9. :Otaar intelligence probleme milcà reguire dataniiratien
the present leval ct Soviet kialedgt tofarding
*7u Tlese Fetngr9zs,
...:*.
. .-.
Festible forlet intentions end casahtlitles to
MELLiS these peseoora do the detrtrens of izitei staten
securtt Intoret...i
saratiip e tntri.
::...
- 33 -
- 32 -

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 549, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
*!.
The reasone for ellence In tho fordet press
rogurifng firing saucers,
00097
aId analyals cen be discterbed vith Edi effectivenesa ocly erter
much noio da broun regarding the exhot mature of thats phenocer.
I. I obasidar thia problem to be of such importanto that 1t
should be brogat to the attoation of the NotlongI Security Covet?.
is cader that a cosuritynide coordinated effort tozida ita molution
nay be Initiated,
stachmen
ELMRSELIE CHAMBOL
doatstant Olreotor
Salentific Intelligesce
".
..:
- 34-
- 33-

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 588, "chars": 3653, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Radar and Pilot Cases
Introduction
(Transcribed and edited from an oral presentation by Dr. Greer)
This area of testimony deals specifically with pilot encounters, radar cases and related cases. It should
be pointed out that for decades, people who have been skeptical of the UFO subject have asserted that if
these objects were real, they would have been tracked on radar. We have no fewer than 20 witnesses from
the Air Force, the Marines, the Navy, the Army, and civilian authorities in the United States and abroad who
are qualified air traffic controllers and pilots who have seen and tracked these objects on radar. Please note
that these people state emphatically that these objects have not been weather balloons; they have not been air
inversions; they have not been "swamp gas." They have been structured craft often traveling at thousands of
miles per hour, then suddenly stopping, hovering or moving in a nonlinear fashion. These objects have been
tracked going from one spot to hundreds of miles away or further within one radar sweep. These are solid
objects. They are metallic and they give strong and unambiguous radar returns.
This is not a situation any more where we just have one or two witnesses, and one must consider this
very seriously as you evaluate the evidence: To have more than a dozen of these witnesses on tape testifying
that these objects have been tracked on radar, and at times as many as a dozen radars tracking at the same
time, means that we are dealing with an actual, real, physical and technological craft — not something that is
imaginary, not something that is a mass hallucination, and not something that can be written off as some kind
of anomaly. As Air Force Colonel Charles Brown pointed out, the Air Force Project Grudge, as far back as
1950, had radar confirmation of these objects by ground radar, ground visual, airborne radar, and airborne
visual - and,
"It does not get any better than that." Many of these witnesses have also observed these
objects returning on multiple nights to similar areas and have checked out their equipment rigorously to be
sure that there were no technical glitches in either the software or the hardware.
This of course is explosive. The testimony of these witnesses forever puts to rest the argument that
these objects don't exist because we have, in addition to their testimony, the radar tracings; we have
documentation of these events; and we have people who have been on the inside of such events ranging from
the 1940s all the way up into the 1990s.
FAA Division Chief John Callahan: October 2000
For 6 years Mr. Callahan was the Division Chief of the Accidents and Investigations Branch of the
FAA in Washington DC. In his testimony he tells about a 1986 Japanese Airlines 747 flight that
was followed by a UFO for 31 minutes over the Alaskan skies. The UFO also trailed a United
Airlines flight until the flight landed. There was visual confirmation as well as air-based and
ground-based radar confirmation.
This event was significant enough for the then FAA
Administrator, Admiral Engen, to hold a briefing the next day where the FBI, CIA, President
Reagan's Scientific Study Team, as well as others attended. Videotape radar evidence, air traffic
voice communications and paper reports were compiled and presented. At the conclusion of this
meeting, the attending CIA members instructed everyone present that 'he meeting never took
place" and that "this incident was never recorded." Not realizing that there was additional
evidence, they confiscated just the evidence presented, but Mr. Callahan was able to secure
- 34 -

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 4022, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
JC: Chief John Callahan
SG: Dr. Steven Greer
JC: ...Now in the 747 they have radar in the nose that picks up the weather outside there. So his radar is
picking up a target. He sees this target with his eyes. And the target, the way he described it, was a huge
ball with lights running around it. And I think he said it was like four times as big as a 747!
And the military man said something like, yeah, I see him 35 miles north of Anchorage...
The UFO was bouncing around the 747 here. And when he would say that, the military guy would cut in and
say, he's now at 2:00 or 3:00 and he would confirm the position. The military controller has, what they call,
height-finding radar, and they have long-range radar and short-range radar. So if they don't catch it on one
of their systems they catch it on the other. And if you listen to the military man, at one time he said, I have it
on the height radar, or my range radar, which indicated that they had a target on his system. Well they ran
through for the best part of 31 minutes...
Then the next day I got a call from someone with the Scientific Study Group [for President Reagan], or the
CIA, I'm not sure who it was, the first call. And they had some questions about the incident. And I had said,
I don't know what you are talking about, you probably want to call the Admiral [FAA Administrator Engen].
Well a few minutes later the Admiral calls down and says, I have set up a briefing tomorrow morning at 9:00
am in the round room. Bring all the stuff you have. Bring everybody up there and give them whatever they
want. We want to get out of it. Just let them do whatever they want. So I brought all the people from the
Tech Center. We had all kinds of boxes of data that we had them print out; it filled up the room. They
brought in three people from the FBI, three people from the CIA, and three people from Reagan's Scientific
Study team — I don't know who the rest of the people were but they were all excited...
When they got done, they actually swore all these other guys in there that this never took place. We never
had this meeting. And this was never recorded.
SG: Who said that? Who was saying that?
JC: This was one of the guys from the CIA. Okay? That they were never there and this never happened
At the time I said, well I don't know why you are saying this. I mean, there was something there and if it's
not the stealth bomber, then you know, it's a UFO. And if it's a UFO, why wouldn't you want the people to
know? Oh, they got all excited over that. You don't even want to say those words. He said this is the first
time they ever had 30 minutes of radar data on a UFO. And they are all itching to get their hands onto the
data and to find out what it is and what really goes on. He says if they come out and told the American
public that they ran into a UFO out there, it would cause panic across the country. So therefore, you can't
talk about it. And they are going to take all this data...
Well when they read the reports that came through the FAA decided it had to protect themselves — you can't
say you saw a target, even though this is what he said. So they made him change his report to say "position
symbols," which makes it sound like it wasn't really a target. Well if it's not a target then a lot of the other
position symbols that we are separating [on radar] aren't targets either. And when I read that, I thought oh,
there is something fishy here, that somebody is worried about something or other and they are trying to cover
up.
When the CIA told us that this never happened and we never had this meeting, I believe it was because they
didn't want the public to know that this was going on. Normally we would put out some type of a news
release that such and such happened...
The only ones that see a UFO in the TV programs are the rednecks out in the country that are going coon
hunting or alligator hunting at night. You don't find anybody with any kind of smarts or some professional
- 35 -

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 2811, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
individual saying hey, last night let me tell you what I saw. They don't display that in the United States. So
if you talk about seeing a UFO, you are putting yourself in a funny kind of category. That's probably one of
the reasons why you don't hear about it anymore. But as far as I'm concerned, I saw a UFO chase a
Japanese 747 across the sky for over half an hour on radar. And it's faster than anything that I know of in
our Government.
Well, I've been involved in a lot of cover-ups with the FAA. When we gave the presentation to the Reagan
staff I was behind the group that was there. And when they were speaking to the people in the room, they
had all those people swear that this never happened. But they never had me swear it never happened. And it
always bothered me that we have these things going on and when you see something or you hear something
on the radio or TV, the news, that it's put down as it's not there. I have a hard time saying nothing.
It still bothers me that I've seen all this, I know all this, and I'm walking around with the answer, and nobody
wants to ask the question to get the answer. And it kind of irritates me a little bit. And I don't believe our
Government should be set up that way. I think when we have something like this, that you can probably find
out more about what's going on in the world [by not covering it up]. If they [the UFOs] can travel that far,
that distance with that type of machinery, who knows what they could do here for the health of the nation,
the people, the food they could give them, the cancers we could cure. They have to know more than us to be
able to travel at that speed.
For those people that say that if these UFOs existed, they would some day be on radar and that there'd be
professionals who would see it, then I can tell them that back in 1986 there were enough professional people
that saw it. It was brought down to headquarters, FAA headquarters, Washington D.C. The Administrator
saw the tape of it. The people that we were debriefing, they've all seen. Reagan's Scientific Study team,
three of those professors, doctors, they've seen it. As far as I was concerned they were the ones that verified
my own thoughts about it. They were very, very excited about the data. They had said that this was the only
time a UFO was ever recorded on radar for any length of time where it is 30 some minutes. And they have
all this data to look at...
What I can tell you is what I've seen with my own eyes. I've got a videotape. I've got the voice tape. I've
got the reports that were filed that will confirm what I've been telling you. And I'm one of those, what you
would call the high Government officials in the FAA. I was a Division Chief. I was only three or four down
from the Admiral...
- 36-

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 493, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Se yaaa eeehed Sex Pe ies Sat: Fi
he beg Japar. Ase L Epes. Fiiges? Tt Er :

-  Novariber ve mes 2 a
pone anc” SRBPE

. . on
" . Tr

Vr as
. oe
A .

Tab l Tnx 2

Tah 2 Chrongalery of, Events

Tab 3 Transeripties

tab 4 Flishy Fath Chart

Tah o Perscanel Statements

Tay 4 Daily kecortd of Pacility Opearatiana,

Fada Form 7230-4
Tap ¥ Position Logs, TAA Foru F270-10

Tah & va EARTS Centinuoug Data Reeoidings,
(radar tracking data;.

DRAFT

_ ah -

_37-

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 883, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
FÇT:
Ts:
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
15 Departmer
¡Transperato
ederal Aviator
Administratlor
Memorandur
anchorage ARTCC
5400 Davie Hay.
Anchorage, Alaska
incident
Iranscrintion concerning the
Sale:
January 9, 1§
Quentin I. detes
AIT Traffic Menager,
ARE ARTEC
A'IT
ThiS trAnSCIOtIon CoVers ihe time perior from Moverber 15, 1980, 0214 ITO
Jovenber 15, 195n, 0259 DIC.
Agencies Makins Trementssions
Napan Alrlines Flight 1620
anchotage ARICO Conbined Sector B/D15
Anchorage ARICO Sector D15
Anchorage ARTCO SeCtor RIS
Reglotal Operations Conmand Center
United Airlines Flight 69
TOIEM71
Fairbanks Arpiorch ContIcI
Abbrevtation!
JI l628
E/D15
DIS
ROCC
UA69
TOTEN
AFGH
I hereby certlly that the following 1s a true tranacription of the ecorder
conversationa pertaining to the rubjest Incident:
culty Assurance Speclalłgt
Aneborage ARICC
DRAFT
- 39-
- 38-

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 962, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
.:.:.
Memorandum
US Depantient
of Transportation
Federal Avlation
Administration
Subject:
INCEMATION: Unidentified Traffle Sighting
By Japan AIrlines
From:
AlI Iraffle Manages, Ineborage AEICO, ZAN-1
Cale. DEC 1 8 1900
REST KE
HAL-104
Ihe attached chronolaer
BuTTEtizes
the comebAcatione
ectlous of
Japan Slılluea Flight 1628 or koverber IS, 1986.
Radar date recorded by anage at do us the on
the traffie teported by Flight 1f20.
Intormation H4s
received FIQI CIVIl OI military sources since the date of the sigbtless.
Lajo: Johnson of the Elgendorf Regionel Operations Commend Center _{50CC)
15
checking
and the
operatlos ฿
PerSOLDEL
further
detaile.
Fe wl1l forward ety addll101el
information to Anchorags Ceotez
5000 A5 POSSIble.
Should you bave ac!
questicis
bedd
Tony Wylie, Quality Aesurance SetcIaLIEt,
«deltlonal infottarion, ¢ontact
Original sigood E7
Queatin J. Gates
Attachtent
- 40-
- 39-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2064, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-..
-
-
-
-
-
-
•.
-
-
The following Is & chronological summary of the alleged aircraft
sightings by J4pan Atlines F1IGhI 1620, on lovembet 18,. 1986÷
All times listed ere approximate UTC unleas otberutee specifico-
0219 - The pilot of II6Zd requented traffic Inforcațion From the ZAN Sector
15
the controller advised there
#ee v0 traffic in
the vicinity, JL1628 responded thas flet had eare difection traffic,
approrimatelF
is front, sud
appeared to be st
their
altitude,
queTied
Identifiable markinge,
the pilot
responded thet they could only see vhite ard yellow atrobes.i
0225 - J11025 infered ZAN El#t the traffic rat nom VIsible on their tadar,
1s theit I1 o'clock poeltion at 8 miles.
Il contacted the Military Beglonal Operations Control Center, (EDCC),
and justed If they vote fectiving ay radar returns nest the positIoo
DI J11628.
42 or rearing a primary radar
0227 - The BOCE contacted
to advise
mere no longer receiving way
radet returne In the vicinity of Jl162B,
0231 - 11626 adrleed char the " lane"
controller approTe
9237 - JL1620 Iequeeted ane received a descent Trom F1350 to FL3IO-
aften descending alec, the pilot stated it wan
descendirg "1n formation".
-
-
-
-
Ihe
aircraft Fae
Flrbane pasproach Cone Tak Bakin cat erad ase day duets nest
J1628'e posItion-
0236 - JL162฿ *9g 1esped • 360
degree turn and asked to ition ZAM If the
traffic stayed with then,
0238 - The BOCC called ZAN advistng
they had contitued e "flight al tro" in
JL1628™g
POSILIT
They advited
"other equipoent
watching this", and one was a primary target cols.
0239 - JL1628 told ZAF they to longer had tbe traffir 1e sighs.
142 - The ROCC adrieed It looked as though the tisffic had droppec back en
• the right oF JI1628, bovever, tbey were no longer Iracking It
0244 - J1625 aduleed the craffic vao nos at 9 o'clack
1245 - ZEN issued • 10 degree o corcoquad Voiced nirlines fliglt,
after pilot concurrence, in an otteepli to
cenflio the traffic+
0248 - JL1622 told IAN the ttaffic was dom #I 7 o|clock, E miles.
- 41-
------.
- 40-

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 319, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-
-
-
0250 - The northbound United Flighi adrierd they bad the Jepon Airlines
El1ght
In eighti,
against i light background, nd could not see ang
other traffic,
0253 - JL162E adyised they до longer hed concoct with the traffic.
-
-
arrets to clone proximitr to JIIEZE
-
- 47.-
- 41-

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 2023, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
PERSONNEL STATEMEN'S
FEDERAL AVIATIOK ADMINISIRATIDA
Anchorage AIT Route Traffic Control Conter
The folloving Is a report
concerning the incident to
Fovember 18, 1986 at 0730 lIC.
#trcraft FL1628 0D
MF name
1s CarI E. Henley
I am employee
as an Alt Braffic Control
Specialist br
Federal Atlatlot diminististloo at the Anchorage Alt Route
TraffIc COntICI Center, Anchorage, Alasts.
During the period of 2030 VIC, Movember 17, 1966, In 0470 DIS, November 18,
was on duty lo the
Anchorage r
Eror D156 UIC, SovembEr 18, 1986 LO O29D TC, Normober 18, 1396,
I was working the D15 position
"At approxtmately
02252 wille
o0 Sector 15 radar,
edyised he hed tisffle 12 o'clock same altitude.
could Iike higher/lover altitude and the filot replied,
I checked with A000 do ges if they had milllatt traffic In the aren
see If they had primary targets In the area.
E0¢t did heve primary
the came poaltion JL1628 reported. Sevetal tiots I had. single
primary returns where JLI628 reported traffic.
ILIF2S later requested a turn
to leading 210°,
I approved JL1628 to make deviations as
stayed fith ILI6Z6 through burna end decent In the
V1tinfl7 Of FAT I requested FL1628 to make a right 360° turn to fog If he
coold Idencify tho altetaft, be Iost contaet unientarily, at which time I
observed a primary target In the f o'clock poeltlon 5 riles.
I then vectored
TA69 northbound to FAl fiom ANG with his apPIOval to fee if bo could Idenctfy
the alicisft, be bai contact wich the Jl1628 flight but reported
- traffic; by
this time JI1$28 lad lost contace with the traffic.
ailitary 0-190
southbound to EDE from It adrised he had plenty Of fuel
voult take a 100#,
I vectored him Loward the flight and ctimbed him to FL240,
he also had bo contact,
toquested JJ628 to ddentify the tYpe br
markings of the aircraft.
He could not identify but reported white and yellow strobea-
equested the
- J162§ fo say flight conditione, be 1eported clest and no clouds-
Cal 5. Terey
November 19, I98f
-
DRAFT
- 47-
- 42-

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1766, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
PERSONNEL STATMENT
FEDZBAL, AVILTION ABNINISTRATIOR
Arcoraze All Route Traffie Control Center
Tanusry 9, 1987
following is a report concerning too incident Involving giral J01628
corth of Fairbanks, Alesia on NoTebber 18, 1986 ar. 0218 0TC.
le Samuel J. Eich (GR).
I at employee *
Speciallal: by
the lederal Aviation Adminlatration
# Air Tialflo Controt
Fisffly Guatrol Center, Anchorage, Alasta-
at the Anchorage At Route
the period of 0039 UTC, Noveoher IF,
1930, to 0835 T7C,
on duty in the Anchorage ARICC.
tereober 18,
working
0230 0TC, Tovember 16, 190E, to 0500 170, Motorber I8, 1996.
the 915 position
I leturned frce ry
Lite sector T/115 poettton.
brest ol approxtmulely C218 UTO La tellere Mi, Henley on
of J11620 ask if me had eng
In fle procese al relieving Hi. Henley I heard the
traf. lie near his position,
I cooled to
notItor the position es Mr. Henley was too fusy to eive
be a relief brieflig.
the situation for appronimately beive
assumed the DIS position and Mr. Monley cover to the N15 pogician.
taelvo minote period I heard the JLID2Y pilot:report tbe color of the lichts
were white and yellor,
apperimetely
treity miles I observed a Isdar return in bbe toition the pilot Sad reported
After angarina cha D13 position I caflod the R000 at apprnzimately D230 175 to
bad uns lilitary Iralfic operuing near Jol629.
they had no military traffic in the area.
asked thet
any traftic Dear JG1628.
ROCO advised
tlat. Chey her trafft: дед: .TL1620
the sace position me did.
I asked FOCO #E they lan any gircrsfe to scramili on JI1A28, they esid ther
call back.
received
=0I =
goalle.
further combiniteation
regerding the Ioguest
DRAFT
M1F Traffic Control Brecialf#t
inchorEge ARICE
- 44-
- 43 -
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1212, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--.
....
-
-
-
-
-
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
:
FERSONIEL SIATELEFT
FEDERAL AVIATION AUMINISIRATION
Anchoroge AII Route Trafflc CortIQl Center
:
Januaty 9, 1936
The folloring Is a
teport concerning the Incldent; to Japan
Altligen Flight
162฿ (J1628) Mort] 01 Falıbsnk#, Alaska on Ioverber 18, 198 at 0218 UTC.
17 dame la Johr 1. datolok {AA}-
I au esplored da Sa dII TrEfiC SontrOl
Specialloe by the federal Aviatioo Adminielzation il the Anchorage diI Koure
IraffIc Conttol Center (ARTCC)=
Anchetage, Alaska.
•Derlug the berlod de 2230
Hovember 17,
1986 to 0630 November 18,
Anchorage ARTOC-
I na vorina the C15 p0f1tloo fro arrrozirately QZ17 VIC,
November It, 1986 to 025D ITO, November 19, 1986.
I was on my saf to take e break when I naticed the ununal activity at the
Sectot 15 positions.
I plugeed into the C15 positico and esalored
Ielephone Iides, making aud taking handofie and coordinating
İnfoion
I coordineted with the ROCC ou the ERAVO
confited fley diso fit data In tho same location,
I Do logger sow t0e
foto and the
I cElled the EUCC
and they
had lest the terget, I then unplugged from the position «¡₫
Bellen
Joho la
Aernink
AlI Traffic ContE01 Specialist
Anchorage ARICO
- 45-
- 44-

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 532, "chars": 3390, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Sgt. Chuck Sorrells: US Air Force (ret.), December 2000
Chuck Sorrells is a career Air Force military man who was at Edwards Air Force Base in 1965
when not one, but at least seven UFOs appeared over Edwards Air Force Base airspace, moving
in extraordinary fashion at enormous speeds, making right-hand turns and other maneuvers
which no known aircraft was capable of at the time. They appeared on multiple radars, were
seen visually by several people, and a special UFO officer scrambled and authorized a jet to
intercept these objects. This event lasted for five or six hours. An edited transcript of the
audiotape of the event follows his testimony.
Mr. Michael W. Smith: US Air Force, November 2000
Michael Smith was an Air Traffic Controller with the Air Force in Oregon and, subsequently, in
Michigan. At both of these facilities he and others witnessed UFOs tracked on radar and moving at
extraordinary speeds. He also confirms that personnel were expected to maintain secrecy
concerning these observations, and that NORAD, the North American Air Defense Command, was
fully apprised of these events.
In fact, in one event in Michigan, NORAD was fully engaged, and
steered B-52s returning to base around these UFOs.
Commander Graham Bethune: US Navy (ret.), November 2000
Cmdr. Graham Bethune is a retired Navy commander pilot with a top-secret clearance. He was a
VIP Plane Commander who flew most of the high-ranking ofticers and civilians from Washington
D.C. In his testimony he explains how he was flying a group of VIP's and other pilots into
Argentia, Newfoundland when they all witnessed a 300 foot UFO that traveled 10,000 feet straight
up in a fraction of a second toward their plane and was on radar. He has documented the event
extensively.
Mr. Enrique Kolbeck: Senior Air Traffic Controller, October 2000
Mr. Enrique Kolbeck is a senior Air Traffic Controller at Mexico City International Airport. In
his testimony he speaks about the frequent UFO sightings seen at the airport visually and on
radar. They are clocked at tremendous speeds and making almost instantaneous hairpin turns.
Of the 140 air traffic controllers at the airport, he estimates that over 50 have seen this
phenomenon. During one sighting, 32 controllers visually saw the same red and white lights
simultaneously moving around a conventional landing aircraft. There have been reports from all
four air traffic control centers in Mexico of these UFOs.
Dr. Richard Haines: November 2000
Dr. Haines has been a NASA research scientist since the mid 1960's. He has worked on the
Gemini, Apollo, and Skylab programs as well as several others.
Over the past 30 years, Dr.
Haines has compiled over 3,000 cases of unusual visual and radar sightings of unexplained aerial
phenomena. He notes that numerous foreign cases also appear in the literature and are very similar
in nature to the American reports. In one case here in America, a B-52 captain told him that he and
his crew had five round spheres appear just off of each wingtip, behind their aircraft, above the
aircraft, and below and they kept up with the plane at cruise altitude and speed. The captain tried
to shake the spheres with evasive maneuvers but each sphere kept exact position. There are other
cases where pilots look into the transparent cupola of some of a UFOs and detail can be seen
inside.
- 45-

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 558, "chars": 3538, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Mr. Franklin Carter: US Navy, December 2000
Mr. Carter was trained as an electronic radar technician in the Navy in the 50's and 60's. He tells
of an incident where he witnessed a clear, unambiguous radar contact speeding along at 3,400
miles an hour. There were other radar operators as well who, at various times in 1957 and 1958,
also witnessed these unusually fast moving objects. At the time, the fastest human aircraft clocked
in at 1,100 miles and hour. In one case an Air Force operator tracked one of these UFOs 300 to
400 miles out in space. When these reports repeatedly kept coming in to General Electric who
manufactured the radar, their technicians came in and modified the electronics so that the radar
would limit it's reporting to 12 to 15 miles out into space.
Neil Daniels: Airline Pilot, November 2000
Mr. Daniels is a pilot with over 30,000 of flight time spanning 59 years. He entered the Air Force
and became a B-17 pilot surviving 29 combat missions. After leaving the Air Force he worked for
United Airlines for 35 years. He tells about the time in March of 1977 when he was flying a
commercial flight trom San Francisco to Boston. The plane was on autopilot when by itselt it
began to bank left. He looked out the window and noticed a brilliant bright light. The first and
second officers both saw it also. They were perplexed because all three compasses reported
different readings.
Sgt. Robert Blazina: (ret.), August 2000
Mr. Robert Blazina is a retired military man with a top-secret clearance. He worked transporting
nuclear weapons all over the world. He personally witnessed a UFO maneuvering in the clear
nights sky at an incredible speed straight up. Another time he and a civilian 747 both saw on their
radar screens an object travel an estimated 10,000 miles an hour directly at them.
Lieutenant Frederick Marshall Fox: US Navy (ret.), September 2000
Lieutenant Fox was in the Navy in the 60's flying attack planes. He had a top-secret clearance and
served in Vietnam. He is a retired pilot of 33 years with American Airlines. In his testimony, he
reveals that there is a publication called JANAP 146 E that has a section which states that no one is
to share any information regarding the UFO phenomenon under penalty of $10,000 fine and 10
years in prison. During one incident in late 1964, while flying an A4 Skyhawk, he says that all of a
sudden a darkened saucer shaped object about 30 feet in diameter appeared on his left side. There
were many other events over the course of his career where he observed saucer shaped and cigar
shaped UFOs over military installations as well as one time seeing two red lights traversing the
night's sky from horizon to horizon in three seconds. He was afraid to bring up these events to
others due to the inherent ridicule in the subject.
Captain Massimo Poggi: September 2000
Captain Poggi is a senior 747 captain for Alitalia. He relates an event where when flying from
Rome to Sao Paolo in July of 1999 he witnessed a glowing green halo soaring past just 500 feet
below his 747. The aircraft experienced a sudden jump when this UFO passed underneath. Very
noisy static came through his headphones during this experience. At another time while flying
over Turin Italy in 1992, he saw a distant elliptical sphere maintaining a very steady position
relative to the clouds as if stationary. He saw this UFO through a spotting scope. After looking
away to briefly speak to his co-pilot, he looked back and it was gone
- 46 -

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 611, "chars": 3742, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Lt. Bob Walker: US Army, September 2000
Lieutenant Walker was a 2"° lieutenant in the Army. After World War II at a NASA (then NACA)
open house he saw a 30-foot saucer-shaped craft which had been brought back from Germany for
study. On another occasion he was piloting an aircraft for a TV station when a disc shaped object
came in from the west. He had his camera and climbed to 12,000 feet to take some photos of it.
After landing, he immediately had the pictures developed and enlarged. The object turned out to
be a football shaped silver object with points at each end. His film was subsequently taken from
him under unusual circumstances. In his testimony he also speaks of a time when he happened into
a diner late at night near Ft. Campbell in Kentucky and overheard conversations from MPs about
how a flying saucer had landed next to a nearby farmhouse and the MP's were there cordoning off
the area. Creatures were present and were shot at by the frightened farmhouse owner.
Mr. Don Bockelman: US Army, September 2000
Mr. Bockelman was a Launch Area Electronics Technician for the US Army. He was also trained
as a systems analyst and worked on Nike Hercules missiles. For two years he worked for
Honeywell making nuclear tipped torpedoes. Mr. Bockelman heard numerous first hand accounts
from various radar operators that they were seeing extremely fast targets moving at 3500 miles an
hour. Some of these were making impossibly small-radius turns. At one time he witnessed an
attempted to shoot one down with an air defense missile near Mount Vernon, WA.
SAC/Nuke
Introduction
(Transcribed and edited from an oral presentation by Dr. Greer)
This section deals with the Strategic Air Command and UFO events involving nuclear facilities. I wish
to emphasize again that the witnesses we have here are diverse. They range from the Atomic Energy
Commission to people who have been at Strategic Air Command facilities and at missile launch control
facilities throughout the United States and Canada. These witnesses give unmistakably clear testimony about
the fact that these extraterrestrial vehicles appear to be quite concerned with our weapons of mass
destruction. And in fact, more than one of these witnesses have stated to me that they believe that these
extraterrestrial vehicles were there because they were very concerned that we might blow ourselves up- or
that we might begin to go into space and be a threat someday to other civilizations.
I believe this is very important because, while none of these witnesses has stated that there ever was any
hostile action taken by these objects, it is quite clear that they are concerned about what we may do with
weapons of mass destruction. And this speaks to something very profound: That we have reached the point
where the only possible future is one that is peaceful. The weapons are too powerful and the stakes are too
high to advance any further and contemplate the use of such weapons. We must advance forward into space
without using these vast weapons within our arsenal against any life form. The extraterrestrial civilizations,
which appear to be monitoring our activity and have been doing so for decades, may indeed have this as one
of their chief concerns. And it is very likely that entry into inter-planetary society has as its primary
requirement the ability for a people to advance into space peacefully. For we are not talking now of muskets
and canons and swords but of thermonuclear weapons, pulsed laser weapons, and exotic technologies which
can rip the fabric of time-space. It must be clear to all that the only survivable future is a peaceful one. This
peace is the hallmark of the maturation of the human race.
- 47-

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 744, "chars": 4524, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
It is also possible that people within the national military command structure, as well as the national
security apparatus of the United States and other countries, have misinterpreted some of the actions from
these extraterrestrial vehicles as a violation of our airspace or our sovereignty. I think we must take a wider
look at this and consider the fact that if we were to come across a planet which, within a hundred years, had
gone from an agrarian civilization to one capable of the early stages of space flight and which had thousands
of thermonuclear devices capable of destroying worlds, that perhaps we would be concerned as well. I think
that we have to begin to look in the mirror as a people and ask ourselves what we should be doing to ensure a
peaceful future for our planet and also to guarantee that we keep these weapons out of space forever.
In discussing this issue about the Strategic Air Command facilities and nuclear events, you will learn that
on some occasions these objects, which have hovered over control launch facilities or missile silos, have
been able to take these devices off-line: That is, they have been able to render inert intercontinental ballistic
missiles. I do not believe that this is a sign of any hostility on their part but their way of saying, "Please don't
destroy this beautiful planet; and know this: we will not let you destroy ours." I think it's very important for
people to understand that such actions however, may have been misinterpreted by certain authorities within
the vacuum of secrecy and this is something we must look at very carefully as a civilization. What happens
within the darkness of secrecy? Secrecy grows on itself, and it creates an information and perspective
vacuum where there's not enough give and take with people of differing views or from different walks of life.
In that milieu, it's very easy for paranoia and misinterpretation to set in and that is one of the great inherent
risks of obsessive secrecy — the kind of secrecy which President Eisenhower warned us about in January of
1961.
Captain Robert Salas: December 2000
Captain Salas graduated from the Air Force Academy and spent seven years in active duty from
1964 to 1971. He also held positions at Martin Marietta and Rockwell and spent 21 years at the
FAA. In the Air Force, he was an air traffic controller and a missile launch officer as well as an
engineer on the Titan 3 missiles. He testifies about a UFO incident on the morning of March 16,
1967 where 16 nuclear missiles simultaneously became non-operational at two different launch
facilities immediately after guards saw UFOs hovering above. The guards could not identify these
objects even though they were only about 30 feet away. The Air Force did an extensive
investigation of the incidents and could not find a probable cause. At a debriefing about the
incident, an officer from the Air Force Office of Special Investigations required him to sign a non-
disclosure form and told him that he was not to talk about the event to anyone including his family
or other military staff. At a time during the Cold War when minor technical anomalies were
openly communicated amongst the staff, this incident was not and to this day Captain Salas thinks
this to be very unusual.
... The UFO incident happened on the morning of March 16, 1967. I was on duty along with my commander
Fred Mywald. We were both on duty at Oscar Flight as part of the 490" strategic missile squad and there are
five launch control facilities assigned to that particular squadron. We were at Oscar Flight.
It was still dark out and we're sixty feet underground [at the ICBM launch control facility]. It was early in
the morning and I received a call from my topside security guard who's the flight security controller and he
said that he and some of the guards had been observing some strange lights flying around the site around the
launch control facility. He said they were acting very unusual just flying around, and I said, "You mean
UFO? He said, well, he didn't know what they were but they were lights and were flying around. They were
not airplanes; they weren't making any noise. They were not helicopters; they were making some very
strange maneuvers and he couldn't explain it...
It wasn't more than a few minutes- maybe a half hour later- and he calls back and this time he's very
frightened; I can tell by the tone of his voice he's very shook up. He says, "Sir, there's a glowing red object
- 48 -

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4110, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
hovering right outside the front gate — I'm looking at it right now. I've got all the men out here with their
weapons drawn….."
I immediately went over to my commander who was taking a nap — we have a little cot down there for rest
periods — and I was telling him about the telephone call we just received. As I was relating this to him our
missiles started shutting down one by one. By shutting down, I mean they went into a "no-go" condition
meaning they could not be launched. So we get bells and whistles — a red light no-go condition...
These weapons were Minuteman One missiles and were of course nuclear-tipped warhead missiles.
As they started shutting down, immediately he gets up and we both start querying the status board. We've
got the ability to query and determine what the cause of the shutdowns was. As I recall, most of them were
guidance and control system failures. And then he started reporting to the command post. In the meantime I
called upstairs to find out what the status was of this object and the guard said, well, the object has left — it
just left at high speed...
The Air Force did an extensive investigation of the entire incident and was not able to come up with a
probable cause for the shutdowns. And I've got quite a few witnesses that will testify to that — we've got a
couple of people who worked on the investigative team — and I've got correspondence from the man who
actually organized the investigative team. There was no viable explanation for this [shutdown of multiple
ICBMs]. Each missile is basically self-supporting. Most of them are powered by commercial power but
each missile has its own power generator...
At our site anywhere from six to eight went down but they went down in rapid succession which again is an
extremely rare happening. We rarely had more than one missile go down for any reason at all...
After I talked to my guard upstairs, my commander talked to the command post. When he finished talking to
the command post he turned to me and said, "The same thing occurred at ECHO Flight." ECHO Flight is
another squadron, I'd say probably 50 - 60 miles away from our location but they had the same sort of thing
happen. They had UFOs that were hovering, not at the launch control facility but at the actual launch
facilities where the missiles are located. They had some maintenance and security people out there at the
time and they observed the UFOs at those sites. Now they lost all ten of their weapons — all ten...
It was the same morning. So that morning we lost anywhere from between 16 to 18 ICBMs at the same time
UFOs were in the area and were observed by airmen. Those missiles were down the entire day because
we've got testimony from Colonel Don Crawford, who relieved the crew at ECHO Flight and he was there
when the missiles were being brought up to alert status and he said it took the whole day. So I'm assuming it
took our missiles all day to be brought back up also...
I wrote up a report about this incident; it was in my log and I turned it in. When we got to the base we had to
report to our squadron commander right away. And in that room with my squadron commander was a fellow
from AFOSI (we had an Air Force Office of Special Investigations on the base). He was there in the office
with the commander. He asked for my logs and he wanted a quick briefing although it seemed to me he
knew pretty much what had happened already. But we gave him a quick briefing and then he asked us both
to sign a non-disclosure agreement saying this was classified information- we were not to release this to
anybody, and that was it. We couldn't talk; he told us we could not talk about this to anyone, including any
of the other crews, our spouses, our family, even amongst each other...
I've got a copy of a telex which we received under FOIA coming from SAC headquarters and coming to
Malstrom and other bases right after the morning that happened saying that this incident was of extreme
concern to SAC headquarters because they couldn't explain it. Nobody could explain what happened. And
- 49 -

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1947, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
yet we never got de-briefed. And we were cleared for very high classification because these are nuclear
weapons we're dealing with.
We did get the security incursion alarms at those sites when the missile went down. That is unusual because
usually when a missile went down for something like guidance failure, we wouldn't get security incursion
alarms, which means a perimeter is breached, an object crossed the fence, or something broke the security
alarm system that we had on the perimeter of the launch facility. I did sent out guards to a couple of those
facilities to investigate that.
The reason I think this story is very significant is because, going back to August of 1966 at Minot, ND, a
very similar thing happened at one of the launch control facilities at Minot Air Force Base. They had the
same kind of weapon system that we had — they had M-1 missiles. This [UFO] was observed on radar,
there was some communication failure and the object was observed over the launch control facility.
That happened in August 1966 and that's a well-documented incident. About a week prior to my incident, in
March 1967, I've got a record of a call from one of the security guards who was out roaming looking at the
launch facilities and saw an object very similar to what I just described over the launch facility...
Bob Kominski headed up the organization to look at all aspects of these shutdowns. Kominski relates to me
in writing that at some point he was told by his boss that the Air Force said, "Stop the investigation; do no
more on this and in addition do not write a final report." Again, this is very unusual especially in light of the
fact that CINC-SAC headquarters was stating that this was of extreme importance to find out exactly what
happened here. And yet, the head of the investigative team was told during the investigation to stop the
investigation and not write a final report...
- 50 -

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 889, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
UNCLASSIFIED
!
INFORMATE J
PRIORITY
2555 1321z
24: Mar 67
Beir, Montane
:
1009
FTY-
PTU Ja# PUNTEHASEST 0841255 0UCU--RUEDFIA•
ZNE UUUUU ZFÁ-I RUNTENA
DE RUSSS 165 0341225
ZNR UUUUU
P 2512247 MiR
67
FM 3415tW MALASTROM
TO RUMANLSZADE ENT
RUZOFIA/ETE_ RIGHT FATTERSOM
RUEDHOG/CSAF RASHINGTON
RUEDHUA/OSAF FASHIRGTON
056
1.-
UNCLAS ZIPPO 2414 HAR STASCENE FRELIMINARY UFO REPORT+
•FTO FOR TOETA SAF. FOR AFACCI| OSAF FOR SAF-0I,
BETHEEN THE HOLAS 2100 AND 0400 MST NUMEROUS REPORTS
AERE RECEIVED BY MALMSTRO AFE AGENCIES OF UFO SIGHTINGS
IN THE GREAT FALLEN MONTANA AREAS
REPORTS OF 4 UFO LANDING NEAR |BELT, MONTANA WERE RECEIVES
FROM SEVERAL SOURCES INCLUDING DEPUTIES Of CASCADE COUNTY
SHERIFF*5 QFFICE, INVESTIGATION IS SEINS CONDUCTED BY
LT COL LENIS CHASE PHONE: DUTY EXT 2215, HOME 452~1135
.-
* -
//
:
UNELASSIFIED
PR
. I
0
RITY
- 52-
• 21
- 51-

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 429, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
UNELASSIFT
PR.I R.I0
RITY
eASE OFEZATIONS OFFICER•. THE ALLEGED LANDING SITE IS
UNDER SURVEILLANCE• MOWEVER DAYLIGHT IS REQUIRED FOR
FURTHER
SEARCH
056
:
PAGE 2 RU¢SES I55 UNCLAS
SHERIFFIS OFFICE WILL CONDUCT A LAND SEARCH AND 4 HELLICOPTER
FROM MALMSTRO AFG WILL CONDUCT THE AIR SEARCH. FOLLOW-UP
REPORT WILL BE SUBMITTED AS DETAILS BECOME ADVAILABLE,
.....
....
:::
PRIORITY
-53-
- 52-

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1466, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
JAR AIL!
SSSES
1722560
HAR Gi
SAG
TO RUMMER SCARE
270. B7T 10a!
INFO RITARISES
DECLASSIFIE
IN ED 1290E
by EOR-
Date 1E JAM 1998
Raviewon: coff
0c-1
S I G R
• €118
62090 La Ca:
fusita une CO DEFORE: 10000 15107
(DH407 g
3AIMU
EMALEEN TO TER
D040ET- HINDRan
ALL TEN MISSES PO FONG THE L MONSTRO LOST STRET ALERT BETHER
THES INCIDENT OCCURRED AT 09455. on
IS MARCH 67- AS OF THIS INTESASS BESSIES HAVE BEEN RETURNED TO StRaT
ALERT WITH 10 GFPaRENt
BEACT To
INYESLIGATIOM AS TO TE CAUSE 0T 7I
I CIDER IS BEINE CODDUADIY MALKSIRDE TEARS IGO FITTE HATE
THERE ARE
INDICATIONS FOR BOTH COMPUTERS IN BOTH GEOS
BERE UPSET HOMEMARIL,
CAUSE DE CHE USSLI LE NOT KNOWN AE SHIS
TIE.
REE HE SEE NAR HAT MOS COATED IN
ABOVE REFERENCED HESSAGE,
ARE ORACLE THE FACE
CORRELINE
THE IDPACE IS ZON GIVES NADAS BUTCHLY dO FOSSILE BRAT
YOUR RESPONSE DE EN REEF-
IN WIEN
DIE BASENCE OF TIE MOSLEM. VE
IN TURN WILL PROVIDE OUR
ALL COCPERATIOG AND SUPERRIe
TOR DORMA
HE HASE CONCURRED IMA GOINO RESUEST TO SENT
Eta DUETONIO SALMSTROM
CO COLLEGE FIRST MANO RACIEROGO OF THE
PROBLEM FOR FOSSZEŁE ASSISTANGE
IN LATER ANALYSES,
COOPERAELON OF ALL CONCERNED TO PROVIDE
NIE ACCESS TO AVALLABLE
INFORMATION,
CREW GOMDANDERS LOe
ENTRIES, HAINEMANGE FORES,
NITERACCATTON OF KHONLEDGEABLE PEOPLE, ETC.
PADE JRUOSAAADIOS SECRET
SECURIE Y OLEARAMCES
SECRET.
GROUP.4
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALE:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
- 53a-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2107, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
""".
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
?→
THIS DOCUMENT RETAINS IT ORIGINAL
CLASSIFICATION- THE ONLY PORTION
OP THIS DOCUMENT CONSIDERED
DELASTE IED 22 2298a Le
VECC WICAM 26
tWis
mULAB
B ré2
10 J0 BARSOsOAG 0reASn328O RОPIGI•
#IY $5939
• 172350
HAB 69
# SAO
TE BUNSE COASE NONAnt lirei
LIEOLRUAERRRWTEAP
E TEZ COCT ....
N'22
rn.....
.F:S-T
mEMENArAFALE
1 L.
LUNENBSO BEL AL A
SÉ HE
02422 HAL 016
ActIone ODAL (OCICT/BMEE.
BORO MO boun, Mme seer*
bASqh)
SEELE LOJS TF
ALB• CUD
SatEEtÖ nten, C0 FARRE, MALSTRCT
ALL TEN
ISSELZO IU BOHLELIGI AT MOtHOO EEST GIReE
IEN
ALERT BETHEL
L SECONDE OF
EACI REHER,
AliS ISOTHE OccuRRED
I6 MARCH 67. AS GF
05¿5L QN
THES DATES AOS BISSES MAVE BUEN PERORED *O SEEr
PAQ 4 RJC3A1A0196G RR E E
ALERT ETTEL NO
APENEEL #5ДZIGUER Tg
INCIDENE IS BLING CONDROED DY GALMBIROM IEAT»
EVAS MELTDON ASTO THE CAUSE DN T
IWO FITIS IAE
ORA RUA TIROTER TVO GIUSLAS THIG ZAR- NO CONP USTONS EUA BEDF
DILAR Mo
THERE ARE
IADLLHMIDES TISE BLOM COMPULAS SN BCK EGGR
VERE
UPSCT MOMENTARILY- CADOR
CE ZHE LIGET
15
NUT HUONE AR
TIES
HINLO ALA DEHUE SEUWIFERINE INFORNASEOM AT AMIE TENE IS CONTAENEN IE
:ALOVE
REFERENCED BERGHOLa
VLN eDAMA• TIE FACI SHAT IO AFTANENI RENCON FOR THE LOSS ON TEM
HIBSILEB COM BE READS,T VERERIED
IS CANEL FOR
GRAVE
CONdERA IO Rs
HEADCUARLENSA GENUTT RAVOLAN II-DEFOR ANALYSIS DO DETERMINE CAESE
Atl,
CORNEO' TVE
ACI0E AO VE WUST M AG CLECILY AS FOSSIRNE HAE
IMPA CT
#STU tHE FLECH
ANT,
REQUESt'
TOUR RESPONSE BE EN SIEP
IHe WEH
IHE
URGENCE ONTIE EROSIEA, MENETiSA eiLL PrONDE öur
FUEL
COOPERADIGH ARO CURTEGn
7012
004it9
INO
AD IPAF VE HE COMCARPED IN A BOETMO REQUESE TO FERE
DUELHERE HN~ RE EAAE AOB #s
Na GERTON TO HALMSTRE
ECLECT REUSS MAND KOMEEUSE G5 TEE
PROBLEM TOO VOSSENLE nDERPI
TLATER ANALISTES REDUOE LOCTERALIOM OF ALE oduesnss 7O
boso atar bneRs L D
ENTREES, HAINIELANCE TOINS ITEERRGEMIBON OF AOOLROGEADLE FEGPLE: 1.
PAES 3 RUGSAADIDE DE dR E T
SECURI Y CLEARANCES AIO DATE ANO IEME DF ARRIVA BILLBE GENT Fita
FOR LEAR, OOAbA HAS INDYOATED_SY TELECON TIT THET_ARE SEDIME
KATZHUH
"HESTO ARE OESTENED FRON TIES EUTO, dIA, BOnac-fh-
BAASA
B 116
- 53b -

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 720, "chars": 4076, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Professor Robert Jacobs: Lt. US Air Force, November 2000
Professor Jacobs is a respected professor at a major US university. In the 1960's he was in
the Air Force. He was the officer in charge of optical instrumentation and his job was to film
ballistic missile tests launched from Vandenberg Air Force base in California. In 1964,
during a test of the first missile they filmed, they caught on film a UFO traveling right next
to the missile. He says it looked like two saucers cupped together with a round ping-pong
ball like surface on top. The film showed that from the ball a beam of light was directed at
the missile. This happened four times, from four different angles, as the missile was about
60 miles up and traveling at 11,000 to 14,000 miles an hour. The missile tumbled out of
space and the UFO left. The next day he was shown the film by his commanding officer and
was told to never speak of this again. He said, if it ever comes up you are to say that it was
laser strikes from the UFO. Professor Jacobs thought this unusual because in 1964 lasers
were in their infancy in the labs but he never the less agreed and hasn't talked about it for 18
years. Years later, after an article came out about the film, professor Jacobs started receiving
harassing phone calls at early hours in the morning. His mailbox was even blown up out in
front of his house.
We sent the film back down to the base and- I don't know exactly how long it was after the event, it might
have been a day or two — I was called into Major Mansmann's office at the First Strategic Aerospace
Division Headquarters. I walked into his office and they had a screen and a 16mm projector set up. There
was a couch and Major Mansmann said sit down. And there were two guys in gray suits, civilian clothes,
which was fairly unusual. Major Mansmann said watch this and turned on the film projector. I watched the
screen and there was the launch from the day or two before...
We watched the third stage burnout. And then on that telescope we could see the dummy warhead. It's
flying along and into the frame came something else. It flew into the frame like and it shot a beam of light at
the warhead.
Now remember, all this stuff is flying at several thousand miles an hour. So this thing [UFO] fires a beam of
light at the warhead, hits it and then it [the UFO] moves to the other side and fires another beam of light, then
moves again and fires another beam of light, then goes down and fires another beam of light, and then flies
out the way it came in. And the warhead tumbles out of space. The object, the points of light that we saw,
the warhead and so forth, were traveling through subspace about 60 miles straight up. And they were going
somewhere in the neighborhood of 11,000 to 14,000 miles an hour when this UFO caught up to them, flew
in, flew around them, and flew back out.
Now, I saw that! I don't give a Goddamn what anybody else says about it. I saw that on film! I was there!
Now when the lights came on, Major Mansmann turned around looked at me and said, "Were you guys
screwing around up there?" And I said, "No, sir." And he said, "What was that?" And I said, "It looks to
me like we got a UFO." Now the thing that we saw, this object that flew in, was circular, was shaped like
two saucers cupped together with a ping-pong ball on top. The beam of light came out of the ping-pong ball.
That's what I saw on film.
Now Major Mansmann said to me after some discussion about it, you are never to speak of this again. As far
as you are concerned, this never happened. And he said, "I don't need to emphasize the dire consequences of
a security breach, do I?" I said, "No, sir." And he said, "Fine. This never happened." As I started for the
door, he said, "Wait a minute." He said, "Years from now if you are ever forced by someone to talk about
this, you are to tell them it was laser strikes, laser tracking strikes..."
It's not a secondhand story. This happened to me. And I was a part of a United States Air Force cover-up
for 18 years.
- 54-

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 720, "chars": 4131, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
After an article [came out about the incident], the shit hit the fan! I started being harassed at work. I started
getting odd telephone calls that would come during the day. At night, at my house I would get telephone
calls
— all night long sometimes 3:00 in the morning, 4:00 in the morning, midnight, 10:00, people would
call and start screaming at me. You are going down motherfucker! You are going down motherfucker! And
that's all they would say. And they'd keep screaming that until I finally hung up the phone.
One night somebody blew up my mail box by putting a big load of skyrockets in it. The mailbox went up in
flames.
And that night at 1:00 in the morning the phone rang. I picked it up and somebody said,
"Skyrockets in your box at night, oh what a beautiful sight, motherfucker!"
And things like that have happened on and off since 1982...
I believe this nutty fringe around UFOs is part of a concerted effort to keep serious study of it down.
Anytime anybody tries to study this subject seriously, we are subject to ridicule. I'm a full professor at a
relatively major university. And I'm certain that my colleagues at the university laugh at me and hoot and
holler behind my back when they hear that I have an interest in studying unidentified flying objects — and
that's just one of the things that we have to live with...
What happened to the film is an interesting story in itself as Major Mansmann related to me and other
people. Some time after I had gone, the guys in civilian clothes — I thought it was the CIA but he said no, it
wasn't the CIA, it was somebody else — took the film and they spooled off the part that had the UFO on it
and they took a pair of scissors and cut it off. They put that on a separate reel. They put it in their briefcase.
They handed Major Mansmann back the rest of the film and said, "Here, I don't need to remind you Major of
the severity of a security breach; we'll consider this incident closed." And they walked off with the film.
Major Mansmann never saw it again...
So there were two of us who were Air Force Officers at the time and we saw something and we both
corroborated with each other that we saw it. And what I have to ask skeptics or people who disbelieve what
I'm saying is why would I make this up? Why would Major (and Doctor) Mansmann make it up? What
have we to gain? I've got nothing but pain and suffering out of it, out of talking about it. I've been harassed
at my home. This was used against me, partially in losing a job once in teaching. I've had a hell of a time
after I've told this story but I continue to tell the story because I think it is important for people to understand
that this sort of shit goes on in the Government. That the Government covers up information that we are
entitled to know about as citizens of this country. That's why I tell my story. That's why I'm telling it to
you……
The thing that's important to me about this whole operation is very simply this: the biggest event in the
history of humankind is the discovery that we are not alone, that there are other living entities — intelligent
entities — in this universe and that we aren't here alone. That's a huge, enormous discovery. It's the
discovery of the lifetime of humankind, isn't it, to find out that we're not here alone? That's why I think it is
important to talk about these things...
Because what I saw that day was something shooting down a dummy nuclear warhead. What message
would I interpret from that? Don't mess with nuclear warheads. That's probably the message I would
interpret from that. Maybe somebody doesn't want us annihilating Moscow; maybe we should stop doing
that.
Ronald Reagan one night went on television and did a most astonishing thing: He stood up in front of
America and said we are going to build a defensive shield, we are going to call it SDI, the strategic defense
initiative, and its mission is going to be to protect us, to protect all of us. Ronald Reagan said we are going
to share this with everybody. We are going to share it with the Russians — our enemies, the guys that only a
- 55 -

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 768, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
few years ago we were pretending to annihilate. Now suddenly we are going to protect them with a shield.
From whom are we going to protect them?
Perhaps that was the first shot across the bow, the first warning shot from somebody saying, knock this off
kids it's time to grow-up. You don't want to annihilate this planet, do you? Could be..
The information I've just given you about my take on what happened there is based on not only my own
speculation but having read other things and talked to other people over the intervening years. Perhaps our
paranoia is unfounded and if we encounter beings with superior technologies maybe we should embrace
them and be nice to them because they might be showing us how to survive.
- 56 -

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2075, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-
-
-
--
-
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MANSMANN FANCIL
S7L6 E.
Jengen
Avenge
Fresno, CA 93725
May 6, 1987
Dear
resultant financial
cluded the possibility of
He the possibil eye prut vent any see it lee.
I am still in the midet of thin battle, so my repiy will be short.
The events
rou are familiar with hed to have happened as ecater
both bob Jacobs and ovself because the stetement made from eacl
of us after 17 years natched.=
Whet was on the film was seen onl
wice by Bob Jacobs,
office at_the CIA attended
Film Quality Control and once In my
I sew 1# four lines.
ny dom quality control geview and
Ict the Genetal and his
staff, once in tovlew with the Chief Scientist and his assistant;
once for the Conmarding
fourth time with the Chlef Scientist, his assistat, the three govern-
ment ten and Bob Jacobs-
I ordered Lt.
Jacobs not to discues what he son with anyone because
of the nature
the failure of the launch misdion
the probability that the
opticel instrumentation (the film} showed
an Interferance with
normal launch patterns.
Now for yont questione:
1. Ine object was saucer-shaped. (Done? Don't =emenbez.)
Do not know the names of
the CIA personnel.
Зa ordered no
of the situation.
ordered not to discues any of what was seen of discussed
during the screenings-
DaBsed my dEdel,
as the ranking optical
instrumentation
cfffcer, on to Lieutenant Jacobs.
There was no one
else involved.
1 Meted ever released had aunt to is cu
had launch showings to VIFs
However, I released the filn to
¿he Chiet Scientist over his 6ignęturer
6. The articles in the Enquirer
then they departed.
and ON on ay part
and the atatements
"de by boch Dr.
Jacoba and myself were factual.
The statements you
arred to that an
"Air Force spokenan said,
iln and that the rocket did hit its target,
"chere is nothing on
" mattE ro sense.
film is available and the records of the launch and
Its ete also available.
If the Air Force spokesman did review
*ed launch and saw nothing:
it could not have been the
perpotuated such quick security action.
(continued next page)
- 57-
- 57-

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 115, "chars": 797, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Page 2 - I. Score Crafn, JT. - 5/6/B7
-
7. Furtherl If the government wishes to wichold guch viral Information
which ont certeinly relates to out
basis Star Hate feneatch, then
thia information must be protected.
Forking in special projects my entire Air Force career from the
earliest airborne radar in WHII,
Aii Defense Systens durirg th
orean War, Ailborne Reconnaissance Ssvtems durine the Colo Kar
Eathering durine the Vietnam corflict,
wars and mote combat area tine than nost}, I may be
over protective
of our curit-
I cen only say in regard to your researen that in all ny activițies
o date, inoications point to one facto the informetion gathere
favorable to out side
Sincerely yours,
-
-
-
-
F. J. Manamarat,
ScD-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 5% -
-----•
- 58-

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 586, "chars": 3697, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Lt. Colonel Dwynne Arneson US Air Force (ret.), September 2000
Lt. Col. Arneson spent 26 years in the USAF. He had an above top-secret SCI-TK (Special
Compartmented Tango Kilo) clearance. He worked as a computer systems analyst for Boeing and
was the Director of Logistics at Wright-Patterson AFB. At one point he was the cryptography
officer for the entire Ramstein AFB in Germany and while there one day he received a classified
message that said that a UFO had crashed in Spitsbergen Norway. While at Malmstrom AFB in
Montana he again saw a message that said that a metallic circular UFO was seen hovering near the
missile silos and that all the missiles went off-line so that they could not be launched.
Colonel Ross Dedrickson: US Air Force/AEC (ret.), September 2000
Colonel Dedrickson is a retired Colonel from the USAF. He went to Stanford business school
where he studied management. Back in the 1950's part of his responsibilities included maintaining
the inventory of the nuclear weapon stockpile for the AEC and accompanying security teams
checking out the security of the weapons. Many reports kept coming in that UFOs were seen at
various nuclear storage facilities and some of the manufacturing plants. He has seen them himself
many times and was present when the famous fly-over over the Capital happened in July of 1952.
At that incident he recalls seeing nine illuminated disc-type craft. He also tells of at least two
occasions where extraterrestrials destroyed nuclear weapons headed out to space, one heading to
the moon to be detonated for tests. It was destroyed because "nuclear weapons in space ... were
not acceptable to the extraterrestrials..."
Harry Allen Jordan: US Navy, November 2000
Mr. Jordan spent 6 and a half years in the US Navy and was a radar operator on the USS Roosevelt
in 1962. Trained in operations intelligence, he has a classified clearance and also worked in
electronic countermeasures. He testifies that as a radar operator on the Roosevelt, he had a radar
contact with a huge object above 65,000 feet traveling at about 1,000 knots. The Captain launched
two Phantom-2 aircraft to investigate. As the Phantoms approached the UFO, it disappeared and
about half an hour later it re-appeared but this time closer to the ship.
He described the
intimidation that followed the event. He later found out that in the prior year the Roosevelt had a
huge UFO event that was photographed where people saw a saucer descend from the clouds. This
happened more frequently after the Roosevelt took on nuclear weapons. Many years after Mr.
Jordan was discharged from the Navy, he says that he was listening in on his HAM radio to the
Space Shuttle STS 48 communications when he heard them speaking about seeing an alien
spacecraft. He describes the harassment that followed after it was known what he had heard.
Mr. James Kopf: US Navy/ National Security Agency, October 2000
Mr. Kopf joined the Navy in 1969 and worked in communications part of the time on the USS
JFK, which was carrying nuclear weapons. He worked for the NSA from 1980 till 1997. In his
testimony he tells how in the summer of 1979 all the electronics and communications on board
the USS JFK stopped functioning when a huge glowing orange-yellow UFO hovered above. He
personally saw this pulsating UFO, as did a number of others. All eight teletype machines were
printing randomly and the ship went to battle-station alert for two hours. A radar operator friend
of his told him that the radar screens were glowing and then went black — they couldn't detect
anything. A few days after this incident the Commanding Officer and Executive Officer came on
- 59-

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1699, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
the ship-wide closed circuit TV system and reminded the crew that certain events that take place
on board the ship are considered classified and should not be discussed with anyone. When the
ship finally returned to Norfolk, VA, men in suits arrived to interview various crewmembers.
Lieutenant Colonel Joe Wojtecki, US Air Force, October 2000
Lt. Colonel Wojtecki spent 20 years in the Air Force and retired in 1988. He spent most of his
time with Strategic Air Command and Tactical Air Command. He tells of a night in April of
1969 while stationed at Loring AFB in Maine when he and his flight instructor both saw three
very bright lights in a perfect equilateral triangle silently moving across the sky. They estimated
that this UFO was lower than 3,000 feet. He discovered the next morning when he reported for
duty that for six hours, a UFO was seen hovering over a group of B-52's containing nuclear
weapons. Every time a plane drew near to the lights, they would part and move in ways that
were very unconventional. When the planes left, the lights came together again and focused on
the group of B-52's. Many years later Lt. Col. Wojtecki attended a lecture given by SG and saw
a photograph of a UFO that was the exact configuration that he had seen years earlier.
Staff Sergeant Stoney Campbell: US Air Force, October 1999
Sergeant Campbell entered the Air Force in 1966. In the summer of 1967 he was guarding a B-
52 at a SAC AFB in Oklahoma when suddenly, directly over one of the B-52's, a huge bluish
haze appeared. It was in the form of a boomerang wing and was glittery and not solid. It was
picked up on radar and seen by numerous people.
- 60 -

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2060, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

" ayey
Tethered em EEL Reid pase oo Bal y

ee a a ujJih teiiatazypeatere:! 1! —._ =
im Be ~ She Ee Fo Poe ee
en MIE Sam A TisheT Pee {r= a et tate yas it co SVL eM [oes oe
cnet a ae ate ered ND RO eon t ax Artes. tren: tLe *
Ae OE Tada oe TE Po tra sohan 14be waz! wo ' .
7a 1 aed aT i
whens Atlekde Lk At QeEf bathe te toucalyo, o FP estiege

doo ae Glee Le ob ley Op paysae t .

Sotun] Farle fl Wierd: ct re LB aa 1 ee. TTS ALES bee ‘loen
If tosdee Le ruse dlink bie peas dgian ais whan: keine 7
Pulebecdavipa tlindd bs be ygail . ?
ml gta Peres) Sk Aer di be ces aro ae Dat ;
eyemub ak be ie ctr Cieaeely arses letpuene es in san
Pe eer sare, ean a Esa oiet akin dee ad) anager eae. Lins
tas WIE! Tt Filer & A prey oaclany Rlea4qinn Ea THA‘ al ontL, . ™

Ab wy Pata, ARPT LR bah sliititt -4ahe ELyasa Par
ee ee ee GaP, aot le mipigh lh talbed “Loe
dmqae Al daw ler ye Posedon,! codlem be tie gudigiseans Cree on
pre -ajtla tonal. SY banal, Aliso adelee of mV OTL Lom Chey

ee Vy = PaiHl Hlora LL apala ! . 1
. SO ewes oF

Oe ps sae, WERE bee WEE ee eons oon bs Bak © GEhinhger
atoaGa f¢beenkurs, a ttre ni Laeuee Sia Poo naeleé en Yruresr
Be tera k obae ll coemt fuoke eae am lio Le erpeps can.
Leg SL Sema ae om Thine OLS Tet yik in’* cliat LE

r . 3 ' TL: 2b Lbwh Se mals
i ee | 0

ff Lame die Dae ee ee pei me bee oc
Bae pee ren eye eo mpepe e J t eepeet opg ibis |
WOR sehen, Lee me 1a veer one ee re
Meteo ler wh kinkepoisder sc ce sesh acr pdbeg. eel
Pat Beat Jeb Ba MLD corp Eo cobwkae bier
J79 40% Peguratiah qeoay whieh felera colabieranled magurdd bs
TH abe), mara 8 4k Ae mecerare Vo gyace a ee i
PT hire lelen,

Feeokiy, ft thew abeyla sgterbk tt) pee lad .
Ee nee ae ng Byorscee ari LAainast Feregk be Bets mar Bo ooye
wou Pave br helt fe Eeeleis@tc felon, Uth amie geechar
ee aruda be airs fa tha tt lan doar.

EROS
AVPSier Po.eL bidder may ewhat, Stab om spose ad lise

Agb ay mle st Sars 2ebabo eye #legge bese oe es jarteaanstarc
ree ST oa bem wea rer das BeeTe le ett Shier ai ti de gm:

- fl -

6] -

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 439, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•••-
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
•—--
-- —
3454D
JAP1* en 11198:
TaLl Hate
bis Mott
RENAL E A
noble,
HUGİE
1474
• to coll
7.1 Fc.
bar
| 1xcnl:
to
THERE FERT
# HI
47 6% 8107
hag:
LaLA
CHITH
later
inche
La moor
brian
SHALLLI
all-
at tar
a1th4 b
000 9
1 10 8 0 *
"11'
i1tr,
Hoth pa
Bohe Fince.
15 tru
mintilante
If thar aro
gertake cuiture irinidar
Inderdidnal pobtly.
PUFACON M
paj lo recguleni ba
CLUE HE
-57 -
- 62-
--
-
-
--
-
-

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1417, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
(a)
Although the Unitod Nations 1o or
international orkanization,
thoro in ne
doubt that it roule!
have no right of
beyend
rolationshipe
But ere 10o 10m dom
sinon 1br domain does
not
extond.
It would have thin
right to intorvene
only if tho
of A enaber
nafion with a colostrial tody
*1th
extraterrestrial
Mations;
But 100010
or IP say a Cho sake 201102
contilat
with
arether
mambor nations,
hare the
right
#49C11020.
[b)
IF
organization,
probloma relatod to
oxtraterroatrial
P00pl0в.
though
It 15 neroly an
interantional
could haye
this
K1l210g to recognize 1t.
intoraational Ian w111 be
colestrlal
peoples of
the
only thing
certain
that can be
logationa
that thare will b
profound change fu braditional gongests.
He oannot exolude the
extraterrstrial poorie moro
economioally may
tako
upon
itaolf
the right
another celestrial body.
Нон,
thon,
would thie occupation
come about?
tate won it dated, to tay be one,
c92e0tT1a1
they may think 1b
grant it
to all othere capablo
would be adrinable
celeatrial body.
of
privilege for these utates.
and the
diatribution
l' a coleatrall body Into ton
This
would
other
bleetrial otate
"rosent
the problem of
diatribution.
other polentrial abates
would be deprived or
ownink an
ares,
or 15
a are granted one outle
Involre complicated
operationa.
3.
its inter stent
interanta,
4. A soral entity? The nast copsible nolution 1t
-3-
- 63 -
- 63 -

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 1013, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_… = =
- --
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-.--
- --
-. -
¡n g+ *r „o d
¡nyereçcn bbri.
It-REr aerome?
b!
00000 i en0Z TSlTO-
E ue oi ta" d*e ?*.
ISl iRLA PAREM " CMIAM= SL
raTh-ad
aerol:bo::
SACRU T IA
CERO t0 LI:
AEr cer tit
thin STyi-
41u: 200
qrar+ly 4!-1c
{4 kedr
TRici"
foyeRas SIg
rotrin!
TiEL
Huso gh
4:L0
ucH he
iLYI
INTR CEl EcOT
FIO CGY
LElIS
bek ol [erl le Cima
La d:ytre Don
see retr ts
f |÷
74t of
aȚeü] srtt
ЧІЕТ
wriemr wotaf
TA.LhariHE
ęco QI
che o o¢
PiAne
DOJOA ITO KI BEŁZOOLY*
dotarcihel
g 97
B0 09 302 10.000
Ęgę
ATEOISELIr
COPp0 e:
SłIÉ mie 9FI#IT
AE
PTOFLIL- r
hos urtt
baøba țaE
•CHHI
ie ArLeulod
Hur that ar
4• OF
11. JeE
bo cll g
Hh BHAG
«rin str lie
ANATE
zr#f‡
prag.
«io-İď¢=₺‡f¡ĞA£‡ ©Е ·*9ę
loilo
WEG HEF 102E
brOaLh
• litțr=
hala nilz
la ol
letg-roлeи
dArtY HarEILE Idéa*.
TIN TOBIE
717T
fEnd bele Finde
antkiE
110
ПІДЕР
ГІlqE
S 10/956655000541
HATHAT =
:este
1cd leader.
l1= :rud
eir!en ar e715
1+ tiRidg
matas LEI
T.atr trat O.V atest:122 9222, 20r
- 64 -
- 64-
-- - -
-
-
-

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 569, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
7

DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

TTR, Bl

EqogpaLophis,

ray .
De, ke Abate Co lee

el, eine tT TT —
1 . = .

aq “y
mn,

WOMRVESaP woe. bes tani St revids sy Boyote OETA abo Rly mee
Foo! S4Betdgyc, , .

Nitto OP MAvatomd Studbe

friggakan, dp dere

oR
EPolepmor ao ber) wiped

Trias rh, Raw Jaeeay

W- a]! gad ocr’ sa Pee ee appl Coane used clark
dente ke dee eet Emre bei cake ebb ora tage
es a
wae ol a Anz Sad wi Pay A hrerege oer eee ay

ee TT ee TT ee ee | Oe ea |
Oo! Wager wie Wiad de lor tka PoP Phe 7 pps Toseinel
En Cech, ered ia -. cal :

a

i

65 -

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2756, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
CEJECTS SISTRO CER CARE RIDGE
FAO # e, F.O. H0x 379, Knowille, Tenorasse
OF SHAMEL
#NET ....
POIALT ALUMEE
CF INFORM 10H3
FANT 7K.
Patty for
TRINIT TALK
THUAN CANNOT PA FUSTED
mine(Refer; Sumary of Informatien, Subject;
catad 15 bet 1950.)
to 13 Ontober 1950 stone Earray Security Patrol Trooper, Edwerd Do Bet,
dad a cretaker, Jott-boneymaker, from the University of Fezhessos Resourch FoH0y
som an object at about 12,000 to 15,000 feet sbove Solomar Gate
"Control Zone-" Ihts object, appsared to be an aiterest which fies starting
to meke an outside loop, trafling enoke behind, Soon these two men roslized that
the footly described smoke behind the atterest rd e tail. Thin object
continued to descend i7 a controlled divo, much blorer than an airerRIt tonIg
dive, and then It approsched the ground it levelled off shd flew sloriy, parallel
to the ground.
This object cane mithin tria hardred end ter (210) feet of tho
two observors end was paralleltng the growd at approx nately the opeod that e
ran could valli, at a belgat of approstiately sir (6) Test
ігрорет Пуль attrolo
to deprosch the objeet but es te approached the object bedato Caller and startac
aering in a southeasterly direction.
This object is said to have approached a
nue (9) Foot cyclone chin 1anh fence and rude a controlled notent₺ to cler
then a telephone post and viro, atter toich the
objoct gained nonentum and altitude bod ciekrod a hill at approximitely c {2]
The chinst appeared to be pear shaped, Fien this obfuct rus quer she
hEll It v33 SL1l1 visible do the same sized obtect that res obserred vhen #7ly
firte (50) Teet are?-
(The explanation airen was that this objoct gren larger
so it guined altitude and specd.)
hoprontatels five minutes Later the object appeared datin Heving zeepresTed
atproxinatels the вато location Iron maich It had disappearod.
was seen again five minutes later for approcinately ten șeconds.
Line the above happenings,
Rier NES interrupted trice during which times he called bis hesaparters 1n en
attent to get other observore.
aloo, during the fantastic Slight of tril
olect, Trooper Fyner stopped K. E.
4, HightonsE, 4*to rus co the highree in his
vehlele, to verter nhat les belog seen, If. Hightorer's statecent substantittes
the description as balore,
by the tine the object appeared the açcond time, Joe Larzecki,
Cept, of the
muttle SATE Couristion Steurity Patrel, fes prescot and elso witpersee this
phenopened.
Each of the observors described the object cubstantially eo Iollori:
chen the object les first sighted it apporred to be an alrcrart,
trailing endie, or better described as "enoke triting-'
Headqlatter,
Third my
TE I. kinoorilie, Tennesser
WD 10m
* # 568
-
: -
-
....
- 66-
-
--.
- 66-

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2476, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-
-
-
SEWA
SUMINARY OF INFORMATION
14D
17 October 1950
CJECTS SICHEED OVER OAK FIDEE
CODE FOR USE INGRADUN PARAMA CULTIN
F S0 LE
CONLECTELY HOMELE
WHALET RELEARE .
Of INFEAMATIOI
IMAMEN MY OTATO GOUTCO
HELLT TALT....
"POP LT THUC
TRUTH CHHHET HE HEL
Tinen the obtect was approaching the fraid in its descent, it tosk an
tbe shape of a balet with a large tall.
-
-
fis biternetely moving up and dofo, end the ribbon appeart
o be raving in the brocze, The color not a metallie gras
is made
then Irooper Nymer ceme within fifty (50); fest of the object he
desertbed it mimitat to tbe tbove ecoept that the first tro and one-hair
feet c the tell capered more solid, but; the lust seventoan and one halt)
(17)) =e*t of the tail appesred elrost transporent and wee floring,
Intersttently, in sections..
gettions inich
*alld glaw Internittentige:
The tell appeared to here low or five
tooper fruer's record is enone the best of the troocero et the atonio 1
ZerEr Comrission Security Patrol,
and is eployed by the University of Tennossne Agricultural Research Pam as a
carateker for shall animala.
HE, I, hi. Alghtoner holds badge fo, 6633 and is
en employee of the liaron Construction Conpany.
the Controller, Capt. To nkin, of Detachment Ho. 2, 662 it end it §od.,
Ictes-Tyson Airport, 7. 0.
30x. 202, Hayville, Cantests, at the brotrille
disport fadar Site, made a report that he had sennipecullar rearings on the
redar scopas at 4frroinately 1520 hours,
apparently the zades picture mot
Indefinite, intermitteat, and Insecuate, because the objecte a fitod by Fader
would only cake a short
"painting" on the scope eno told toet cirappear orit
to reeppear at another Location.
On 16 October 1950, et apprenately 1530 hours, five persona (07 yet unmurn)
tigbted objects hovering over
the 1o25 plant at Dek fidge, Ternesees.
infestation and deacription 15 expected Iron these Soless,
HOROTeT, the JadE=
зсораз et Knoseille #trport Here string en unlntsll1g1b1e reading.
apparently the
Colanding Officer was reloctent to nake eng statedont concerning thęse reudinge
eue to higher Headquarters doubting the evet of the pest Țem de79.
Sidentity an ob at anton tes reporte to be host be ad: Us at e
Upon apprcaching
one agez the radat equipment aboard the aircraft got ez inage on its scope enc
the ollot pursued this image and identified it as a light type kircrest. Grown
ernessee
1 co FEL, Encacille, Tengestap
NDim 4568
RAUMNENTAL 5
-
- 67-
- 67-

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1894, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
CONTIDE A
DA - 1/25
FEFEARING OFFICEI
HUNTARY OF
Houston.
Orries of the AÇ of 3, 0-2, Gondquartare, Fourth Army, Fort Son
76
SUBJECT.
GSETI
P.Q.
#15401
L'acontontional Airoraft
{Control Humber 4-1917)
BrashY Of TORTATION
{C-₺ HOTEI
This report 18 r
supplanest to roport,
this handquartara, mubject «i
4bote, datod 3 J0uzry 1969,7
FOllOWINE 10 4 Ilot of Eightiago of Inidentified Ilgate orer Hon Herioo mub-
baquat to 2T Doceabor 1948r
10a Llanon, 20 Deo 48, 3054 Lours. Felling 11ght from 40 degres dagin,
decreering to 20 dugrgo anglo, Obuervod by Four sopurity Inppector, «t Lon Alumor
A0Ç projo.
Lon Alamos, 2E Doo 48, 0431 houro.. -Doscendins Tortlonl Iicht much #lo70r
then IrIling sthr.
D1clotogrktod 1n groorden flach lignting op
cloud erot betters
eburyer ind lighto Obserrad by fodurity Inappotory LOR AILAOOAKC projects f
Los Almos, 30 Deo 40, 2010 ond 2100 hews.
High sprod botor agund
eirectly orar Los Alonos and abore orste-f!
ound board for arred «ocond {lmd}
and repeatad 10 minutor: 1ter.
Positito determiaution that до rohift
Checked nad oberted by Loall
apronchfog highngyo and no piuzos brar-
nadirty inapretors.
brightly lightod object froz south-
= Fastor than a jot plea.
Mamond aimpo, trafoot-lone. pititudo 1500 to 2000 fret,
Sprod
Ho moto oF #ApOL trifl.
lio found, Obnortoe By 340015
• Beso gentry too Cibips espericoco 1n ditcroft obeerration.
Finned ull pornone mho hate reco
obsertatioot,
He tian wndo tragnit tightings to
dotatalus altitude und murlos of fligato do bas made a coport to tha Q.țci. of tho
D.E.A.Tr, cloring with thie ronark,
•I baro an hartuney do tostifylot fut en
obloot postercias tho rosl path and otbar proulicritior obcorzed by Wycare. #ILSON,
TRUTTI, CITON, Nod SLIPPER vas tot a falling octeorito,"
• .••
-
-
-
-
-
--
-
Li
Distribution 0/1, 0/S* 6-3, 14th As TBI, Illo; 0.5. In, A.b.Ç.
-
-
- 65-
- 68-

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 842, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
15421?
.. 2:2
isi
COMPLARIT FORM -
Alead Son on Undert
.. =
127 m
151 DEt 1700, Firtland AFT. MM.
IF LEÇEMED
A751E
A$ #
Side
the ebjec
cted Test Range on KATE, TM,
Area Supervisor, ARE MATTO
reparately by santa
7350ra., 411t0
arved a very brtght
Fast of
thedt post elon.
ly 1n th
sky over Coyots Canya.
In *
Chyt era.
Ignatim.
000 ng
date
at dispar
and at to ta cre
and maald treatipste.
tx folladre:
served a bright
elser, he observed a tund dlak shaped coy
petrol but tie rollo
would not rott
the object
: tock off in • varticu
was a former helicopter nacmis In
IN UID
not • helicopter.
tries other
AND 40
Los
TFED on.
1780
RICHARD C. DÖTY, Si
8010 923-0/29
* t
-64
int to fine
Put
: after driving
al to radio for • back
the cajest in fost amed
at a high
ratt of todd
and stated the die
Michael co
• 69

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 451, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
000836
Main the doles lead in coreto
TUDE
weed by
Nuclear Agsity..
•Led by Sandin
iM. The Patrolms ipartad
I the sighting to the Firtlard N7 Commind Fost,
". to the PECSI DIst 17." AFDEI Dat 77 advised the
patrolman to sake a report
thrash his oin agatey.
they occund of at UsAt bese.
only grea
• ii
teste ate corducted..
stures located within the eras contada Ha Or «
the two de
materia,
- 74-
TERERA STAY
- 70 -

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
-- --
p-r..
EXTRACTS
NORAD COMMANT DIRECTOR'S LOG (1975)
1 Cot 75/0630Z: Conunnd Director colled by Air Foreo Oneratio
let concerning a7 unknoan helicopter Tandi
in then uni this was sagona night to a to fortn
here wat also on indication, but. not
confirero,
that Canadian bases had been overflown
by a helicopter.
31 Cct 75/0445Z: Report from Wortsmith AFE_through Air Force Ops
incident at Q355I-
Heliconter hovered ovir
SAG udapons storage arca then departed area.
Tankir
flying at 2700 feet made boch viswal
sighting and
rador skin paint.
Tracked object 25H SE
Lake Huron where
contact was lost.
1 Nov 75/09202:
Received, as info,
message fron Coring AFD, Mains,
citing probable helicopter overflight of base.
9 Nov 75/07.537:
24th NORAD Region unknown track 330, heading 55li.
12000 feet.
* 40 ‹ 90jects, 46.46'
r=105 scrambled out qf Great falls at 07342.
reported visual sichtino from Sabotane Mlert Team: SAT!
1• 43, L1 and 0 flights gn9 50 0•
sighton 03353
no anonolous propagallon or nortiern
0835Z SAC SAT Teams
*3 and la report visual.
target at 300 feet altitude and L4 reparts
target at 5 miles.
contact lost at 00Z0I.
• returned to
base at 0350Z with negative results.
09057 Great falls rador search and height had inter-
O9LOZ SAC teans agains bad visuat
(Site C-i, 10 miles se stanford, Montana].
09202 SAC
CP reported that when F-106'5 were in area, target:
10 Now 75
or radar contact _at anyține due to terrain clearance.
This some type of activity has been reported in the
Malustrom area for several days althounh previous to
tonight no unknowns were declared.
be carried as a remaining unknown.
pparently Minot All was reportedly chozzed" by
he object's size secued to be tha
of an automobile- It Has flying at an altitude of
to further
into a or description has been eved by enis
- 7] -
- 71 -

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1841, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
00D971
15 Nor 7550644Z:
entered or to danditions wer
le observed this for tro hours.
18 Nov 75/12552:
he Commano Post was told that sightings of fir
balls.
¿tinity of Mendicino Comoly. Catifornia
had taken
No further
25 Noy 75/1245Z:
12 Nor 75707152:
14 Nor 75/05007:
Petersburg,
Virginta, reported that at aboul 1600 EST. sne saw
an object hovering at tree-lon level in a clearing
near power lines
one-hall mile distant
Il had
4 red lights in diamond shope and 7 white flashing
lights.
She
heard no noise.
saw no novement and
could not distinguish any color.
She was in her
car at the time,
and slowed to 10 mph but did not
ДЕ 1340.
the Conmand Post was informed thet
she had been reinterviced by
Incal authoritics.
She stuted that the
object was dignond-shaped with
one red light at each point and that she did not
586 an E
The location as reported to be one
lines were being installed.
croore
Cular in-
artificial Hehe fadlog no and oft whet a Jocky macion.
bridge Canallan Forcos sEntTo,
return dut
- roden basti and
[orth ne a high altituto and
had willer balue and red
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
15 How 75/07422:
una faring south.
He shacrurd rar bright gellay object
[ning up on back,
Icaring a talle
dr not change noritin in relatime for cher ECS•
-
17 toy 75F17051:
13 #ou 75/1700Z:
hufght object noone 70° clovation, Tike n cur in
fle was looking do It chrong blanculars.
lt clinbol hiçı
1114 of tange of his binneulars. We observed fE for 2O
minutes and wos witnessed by lls wile.
An unidentified caller reported a large Brange ball
Iron diver Court, Ontatio.
1 deto, Chelmoril, reported sle
111 Celçude voro travcllinF by
far Iron Siriury to Chelos-
They were Collowed by o land oyal-aloped objeet
dItta whilte blinking Ilehra.
It: rompined helno lie cloude
11 che ville and kept po wlth the tar.
- 72-

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3084, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Government Insiders/ NASA/ Deep Insiders
Introduction
(From an oral presentation by Dr. Greer)
In this section you will hear from people who have been involved in events where objects of
extraterrestrial origın have landed or have crashed or been forced down and which have been retrieved. This
is, of course, explosive testimony. It establishes the reality of the phenomenon and also of the fact that we
have been studying this phenomenon for years. Many people might believe that this is limited to the so-
called "Roswell event" of the 1940s; this could not be further from the truth. In fact there have been multiple
events, at least a couple of dozen, where objects of extraterrestrial origin have been downed, acquired, and
studied.
We believe that this is something which is of extreme importance because one cannot consider that
covert programs
having spent hundreds of billions of dollars over the decades on research and
development, so-called "reverse engineering" or "back engineering" extraterrestrial technologies — have not
had signiticant breakthroughs. The testimony will show that in fact we have: That we have had
breakthroughs that have trickled out to our society in the form of certain advances in electronics, materials,
and sciences. However, the central breakthrough dealing with the physics of the quantum vacuum space
extraterrestrial life forms are projects that are on going to this day.
This is something that would be of great importance to the world and the scientific community, but
more importantly it is of great importance to our public officials who, we know, have not been briefed
adequately on this subject.
Astronaut Gordon Cooper: 1999
Gordon Cooper was one of the original Mercury Seven astronauts and the last American to fly into
space alone. In his testimony he recounts how he observed UFOs flying in the same formation as
his fighter group over the skies of Germany. These UFOs made maneuvers that could not be done
by conventional fighters. He felt they must have been under intelligent control to communicate
with one another due to the type of maneuvers they were mimicking. At another time, while
filming conventional aircraft performing precision landings, a saucer flew directly overhead and
landed ahead of them on a dry lakebed. The entire event was filmed including detailed close-ups.
The film was sent back to Washington and was never returned.
Merle Shane McDow: US Navy Altlantic Command, October 2000
Mr. McDow entered the Navy in 1978 and gained a top-secret, Special Compartmented
Intelligence (SCI) clearance with a Zebra Stripes. He was assigned to the Atlantic Operational
Support Facility, Atlantic Command, then under Admiral Trane. Mr. McDow was present when a
UFO was tracked by radar and seen by pilots visually moving at high speed up and down the
Atlantic coast. The Command Center was put on Zebra alert and Admiral Trane gave the order to
force down the UFO. Mr. McDow discusses the threats, intimidation and confiscation of logbooks
that occurred after the event.
- 73 -

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 751, "chars": 4123, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
..And the early warning system — I believe it came in from an Air Force base in Greenland or Nova Scotia
at that time — said that we had contact with an unidentified flying object that had entered our air space....
And within minutes Admiral Trane was rushed into the Command Center into his viewing booth that he had
right under the Mezzanine there and the first thing that Admiral Trane wanted to know was how many
contacts we had, where they were, which direction were they going and were the Soviets responding.
Because we knew that it wasn't the Soviets that had entered our airspace. That was verified from the get go,
from the start.
At that point, when Admiral Trane found out that it wasn't the Soviets and that he wanted to know were the
Soviets responding to this threat also, that was the moment that he gave authorization to put two planes up to
go see what this thing was. And that was when the chasing up and down the eastern seaboard began. We
launched planes from as far north as Greenland to NAS (Naval Air Station), Oceania. This object, we had it
on radar — this event lasted almost an hour. You could hear the pilots live voice transmissions being piped
into the Command Center. And they had visual confirmation of the object and made descriptions of the
object. Pilots were able to close a couple of times and were able to see that the object was not an aircraft that
we were familiar with-it was nothing that we had and nothing that the Soviets had. That was determined
very quickly. This vehicle or whatever it was that they were chasing showed very erratic flight up and down
the coast, quick flight...
One minute it was here and the next minute bam, it was down several hundred miles down the coast, just
playing tag...
The photographs that we did get back in the Command Center later on came from the first encounters that the
planes had with it off of the northern North American coast. They did get close enough to get some
photographs taken that were later brought over to the Command Center...
What was really bugging Admiral Trane, what was really driving him nuts, was this thing absolutely had
complete control of the situation and could be anywhere that it wanted to be in a matter of seconds. One
minute we were closing on it off the coast of Maine, and the next minute it is in Norfolk heading south
towards Florida. And it is all that we can do to get the early warning radar up and down the coast to watch
for this thing as it just had it's day with us.
Admiral Trane and his staff were quite concerned about it to say the least. They were quite concerned
especially once they found out that it wasn't the Russians and it wasn't us and he wasn't aware of anyone
else who had the technology to build such a craft that could move about so easily and so quickly. I
remember distinctly looking over the rail of the mezzanine and just watching complete chaos break out
because of their inability to keep an eye on this thing, whatever it was.
The UFO was moving around so erratically and so quickly up and down the coast... They were trying to
notify as many commands as they could up and down the coast to track this thing or get a plane up. Admiral
Trane was scrambling and authorizing planes just left and right, up and down the whole eastern seaboard to
try and cut this thing off and to get some planes from the north and south to literally track it and to force it
down. It was clear that they wanted to recover it, to force it down, by whatever means possible.
The order was given by Admiral Trane to try and get this object forced down out of the sky, if at all possible,
by whatever means possible...
When this event, as I refer to it, ended, the object that we had been chasing up and down the seaboard headed
out over the Atlantic, over the Azores. I do remember them saying that it had pulled up at a 66 degree angle
as it approached the Azores like this, and it just pulled up at a 66 degree angle, without slowing down or
anything, and left the atmosphere and was gone into space. It just took off into space and was gone like that
- 74-

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 3568, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
[snaps fingers]. I mean it just absolutely left. You are talking about something that covered thousands of
miles in a blink of an eye and it was just gone and it just left everyone sitting around scratching their heads.
"Gee whiz, I wonder what that was."
It was comical in a way to see how the vast military might of the United States was put on its knees by
something they had no idea what it was, where it came from, where it was going or anything. The only thing
that they knew for sure was that it wasn't the Soviets and they were very adamant about finding that out...
"These two gentlemen began to question me about this event. They were being pretty rough about it, to be
honest with you. I remember literally putting my hands up and saying, "Wait a minute fellows. I am on your
side. Just a minute." Because they were not really nice. They were very intimidating and made it quite clear
to the point that nothing that was seen, heard, or witnessed, that transpired was to leave this building.
"You
are not to say a word about it to your co-workers. And off base, you just forget everything that you may
You got the impression that they would do bodily harm to you otherwise, without really coming out and
threatening you. You could just tell by their tone of voice when someone is saying, "Hey buddy, do what I
say or else."
If this object had been hostile and wanted to drop weapons or shoot missiles at us, or whatever, it would have
been very easy for them to do that. There was no question about that. We didn't have anything at that time
that could hold a candle to whatever this was. And it just had its own free run of our airspace and could do
anything it wanted as far as traveling. We did not pose any threat to it whatsoever. That was painfully
obvious; very much so. I do believe that Admiral Trane knew that too and was quite afraid. Just in a word I
would say that that old boy was just plain scared...
I would say that the facilities that actually had this UFO on radar — there were five that I am sure of and that
is from Greenland all the way to Florida, and there may be some others that I don't know. I know this
because Admiral Trane was giving orders to NAS Oceania, "Let's get some planes up from there, scramble
some fighters." He did make a call for them to alert Dover Air Force Base, Patuxent River, Maryland, Cecil
Field down in Florida...
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Brown: US Air Force (ret.), October 2000
After returning from WW II an Air Force hero, Col Brown worked in the Air Force Office of
Special Investigations. He was assigned to work on Project Grudge where he was responsible for
investigating UFOs and came to recognize that on some cases there were no viable conventional
explanations. He later came to believe that Bluebook was a deliberate whitewash to the public.
Among others he was privy to reports of cases where four independent radars were tracking objects
that were traveling 5000 miles an hour.
Dr. Carol Rosin: December 2000
Dr. Carol Rosin was the first woman corporate manager of Fairchild Industries. and was
spokesperson for Wernher Von Braun in the last years of his life. She founded the Institute for
Security and Cooperation in Outer Space in Washington DC and has testified before Congress on
many occasions about space based weapons. Von Braun revealed to Dr. Rosin a plan to justify
weapons in spaced based on hoaxing an extraterrestrial threat. She was also present at meetings in
the '70s when the scenario for the Gulf War of the '90s was planned.
- 75 -

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 586, "chars": 3781, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
"Dr. B.": December 2000
"Dr. B." is a scientist and engineer who has worked on top-secret projects almost all his life. Over
the years he has directly worked on or had involvement with such projects involving anti-gravity,
chemical warfare, secure telemetry and communications, extremely high-energy space based laser
systems, and electromagnetic pulse technology. "Dr. B." has direct knowledge of the fact that
certain groups have used these space-based systems to successfully shoot down extraterrestrial
spacecraft and their occupants. On at least one occasion he has seen extraterrestrial spacecraft in
person.
Lance Corporal John Weygandt: U.S. Marine Corps, October 2000
Lance Corporal John Weygandt enlisted in the Marine Corp in 1994. Stationed in Peru to provide
perimeter security to a supposed drug-traffic radar installation, one night he and two other
Sergeants were told to secure a possible crash site in the forest. When they arrived they saw a 20-
meter egg-shaped UFO buried in the side of a gorge. He was called back from the craft. arrested,
handcuffed and threatened and abusively interrogated. One of the men told him that the
interrogators basically did what they wanted and that they were not under Constitutional law.
Weygandt believes that this UFO was shot down by a HAWK missile.
Major George A. Filer III: U.S. Air Force, November 2000
Major George Filer was an Air Force Intelligence Officer who not only had an extraordinary
encounter with a massive UFO on radar over the United Kingdom, but later, in the 1970s while he
was at McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey, found out that an extraterrestrial biological entity
had been shot at Fort Dix. The Extraterrestrial fled to adjacent McGuire Air Force Base, where it
died on the tarmac. He testifies that this life form was then picked up and taken to Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base. Afterwards, many of the key personnel on the base who had a connection with this
event, were quickly transferred. Major Filer also points out that the ridicule factor has been very
effective at silencing people who have seen ETs or UFOs, and has helped to maintain secrecy.
Mr. Nick Pope: British Ministry Of Defense, September 2000
Nick Pope is a British Ministry of Defense official, still currently employed at the Ministry of
Defense, who headed up the Ministry's office for research and investigation of the UFO
phenomenon for a number of years in the 1990s. In his testimony, we will learn of incontrovertible
evidence in several events with massive objects moving at extraordinary speeds, witnessed by
military personnel with impeccable credentials, and tracked on radar — objects which are not
manufactured on this Earth. He will also confirm the Bentwaters case and other cases within the
United Kingdom, and acknowledge the existence of extensive government files on the UFO
phenomenon. Mr. Pope supports total openness and honesty on the UFO issue, and believes that
there should be a full disclosure of all information on UFOs, held by governments all around the
world.
Admiral Lord Hill-Norton: Five-Star Admiral, Former Head of the British Ministry of Defense, July 2000
Lord Hill-Norton is a five-star Admiral and the former Head of the British Ministry of Defense
who was kept in the dark about the UFO subject during his official capacities. In this short
interview, he states that this subject has great significance and should no longer be denied and kept
secret. He emphatically states, "... that there is a serious possibility that we are being visited — and
have been visited for many years — by people from outer space, from other civilizations; that it
behooves us to find out who they are, where they come from, and what they want. This should be
- 76-

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3674, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
the subject of rigorous scientific investigation, and not the subject of rubbishing by tabloid
newspapers."
Security Officer Larry Warren: United States Air Force, September 2000
Larry Warren was a security officer at Bentwaters Air Force Base in the United Kingdom. He was
present during an event in 1980 when an extraterrestrial vehicle landed, hovered, and interacted
with Air Force personnel on base. Afterwards, the many personnel who had witnessed the events
were intimidated, debriefed, and forced to sign documents telling a false version of the story.
Warren's testimony is corroborated by multiple other military witnesses who have been identified.
There are official documents related to this event; there is a photograph related to the event; and
there is physical landing-trace evidence. This entire event is also corroborated by Ministry of
Defense official Nick Pope, and five-star Admiral, Sea Lord, former Ministry of Defense head
Lord Hill-Norton, and Sergeant Clifford Stone.
Captain Lori Rehfeldt: October 2000
Lori Rehfeldt was stationed at the 81 Security Police Squadron at RAF Bentwaters in England
during the UFO events that occurred in December 1980. She and a colleague were on duty late that
night, when they saw in the distance an object they thought was a plane landing on the runway
coming in from the direction of the North Sea. They also saw it silently explode, split into three
parts, and speed across the runway; then it went straight up and disappeared.
Sergeant Clifford Stone: United States Army, September 2000
Sergent Stone tells an amazing story about the history of UFOs and extraterrestrials dating back
to the early 40's and probably before. General Douglas MacArthur organized a group called the
Interplanetary Phenomena Research Unit back in 1943 to study this issue and it continues to this
day. Their purpose is to recover objects of unknown origin particularly those that are of non-
Earthly origin. They obtain field intelligence information and pass it on to those who are the
"keepers of this information." Stone says that even Project Bluebook had an elite investigation
unit, which was outside of Bluebook. This unit was thought to be working in conjunction with
Bluebook but in fact was not.
Stone has seen living and dead extraterrestrials in his official
duties on an army team that retrieved crashed ET crafts. He thinks that the extraterrestrials will
not permit us to explore the depths of outer space until we've learned to grow spiritually and that
they will make themselves known soon if we don't first acknowledge their presence.
Major-General Vasily Alexeyev: Russian Air Force, March 1997
Major-General Alexyev, of the Space Communications Center in Russia, is considered one of the
most knowledgeable Russian Generals. He states that if extraterrestrials are capable of traversing
vast distances, then they are probably from a higher level of civilization. And if this is true then
they must be concerned with normal development of relations between people - constructive
progress, not destructive. He says that if we look at our Earth history, we will see a tale of self-
destruction, murder and death of entire peoples. He believes that advanced civilizations would not
tolerate such behavior because their life would have a different meaning and be understood in a
larger context.
Major-General Alexyev knows of many eyewitness reports of unusual craft documented in specific
Soviet papers. Various departments within the Government began investigating this phenomena
including the Defense Ministry and the Academy of Sciences. They have many reports of UFOs
- 77 -

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 4133, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
seen over locations containing high concentrations of advanced science like nuclear facilities. In
some cases they have learned how to create situations where they could deliberately provoke the
appearance of UFOs, and in these "contacts" for example, they would point their arms in various
directions and the UFOs would respond by flattening their spheres in the same direction. There was
a case just outside Moscow where a warrant officer found himself at the site of a UFO landing and
the extraterrestrials made contact with him telepathically and asked him if he would like to visit
inside the craft.
Master Sergeant Dan Morris: US Air Force/ NRO Operative (ret.), September 2000
Dan Morris is a retired Air Force career Master Sergeant who was involved in the extraterrestrial
projects for many years. After leaving the Air Force, he was recruited into the super-secret
National Reconnaissance Organization, or NRO, during which time he worked specifically on
extraterrestrial-connected operations. He had a cosmic top-secret clearance (38 levels above top
secret) which, he states, no U.S. president, to his knowledge, has ever held. In his testimony, he
talks of assassinations committed by the NSA; he tells how our military deliberately caused the
1947 ET craft crashes near Roswell, and captured one of the ETs, which they kept at Los Alamos
for 3 years, until he died.
He talks about the intelligence teams that were charged with
intimidating, discrediting, and even eliminating witnesses to ET/UFO events. He talks about
Germany's re-engineering of UFOs, even prior to WWII. He talks about our current energy crisis
- and the fact that we haven't needed fossil fuels since the 1940s, when free energy technologies
were developed — but have been kept from humanity. This is the real reason for the secrecy of
the ET/UFO subject. "What the people in power right now don't want us to know is that this free
energy is available to everybody." In conclusion, he warns against the weaponization of space
and the shooting down of ET craft — this could force them to retaliate, and that would be our
destruction.
Mr. Don Phillips: Lockheed Skunkworks, USAF, and CIA Contractor, December 2000
Don Phillips was in the Air Force at Las Vegas Air Force Base during an event when UFOs were
seen moving at enormous speeds near Mt. Charleston, northwest of Las Vegas. In addition, he
worked with Kelly Johnson at the Lockheed Skunkworks — on design and construction of the U-
2 and the SR-71 Blackbird. He testifies that we not only have these extraterrestrial devices, but
have also achieved tremendous technological advances from their study. He states that in the
1950s and 1960s, NATO did research into the origin of ET races, and disseminated reports to the
leaders of various countries. Mr. Phillips further states that there are records and filmed
documentation of meetings in California in 1954 between ETs and leaders of the USA. He lists a
few of the technologies we were able to develop because of the ETs: computer chips, lasers,
night vision, bulletproof vests, and concludes, "Are these ET people hostile? Well, if they were
hostile, with their weaponry they could have destroyed us a long time ago — or could have done
some damage." Mr. Phillips now develops technologies that can help eliminate environmental
pollutants and reduce the need for fossil fuels, such as energy generation systems that use natural
energies from planet Earth.
Captain Bill Uhouse: US Marine Corps (ret.), October 2000
Bill Uhouse served 10 years in the Marine Corps as a fighter pilot, and four years with the Air
Force at Wright-Patterson AFB as a civilian doing flight-testing of exotic experimental aircraft.
Later, for the next 30 years, he worked for defense contractors as an engineer of antigravity
propulsion systems: on flight simulators for exotic aircraft — and on actual flying discs. He
testifies that that the first disc they tested was the re-engineered ET craft that crashed in Kingman,
Arizona in 1958. He further testifies that the ET's presented a craft to the US government; this
- 78-

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 611, "chars": 3779, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
craft was taken to Area 51, which was just being constructed at the time, and the four ET's that
accompanied the craft were taken to Los Alamos. Mr. Uhouse's specialty was the flight deck and
the instruments on the flight deck — he understood the gravitational field and what it took to get
people trained to experience antigravity. He actually met several times with an ET that helped the
physicists and engineers with the engineering of the craft.
Lieutenant Colonel John Williams: US Air Force (ret.), September 2000
Colonel Williams entered the Air Force in 1964 and became a rescue helicopter pilot in Vietnam.
He has an electrical engineering degree and was in charge of all the construction projects for the
Military Air Command. During his time in the military he knew that there was a facility inside of
Norton Air Force Base in California that no one was to know about. He heard that there was a
UFO craft stored there and that people such as certain Senators including Bob Dole had visited the
facility. Colonel Williams also relates another story that his father told him: One time attending a
dinner party he had a conversation with a high-level RAND official who told him that the
government was spending more money on antigravity devices than any other project in the history
of this country.
Mr. Don Johnson: December 2000
Mr. Johnson was putting himself through college working at Century Graphics in 1971/72. Part of
his job was to run blueprints through a large printing machine. Century Graphics used to get jobs
from various military electronics firms such as Lockheed, Litton, Hughes and RCA. While he had
a low clearance, there were times when his assistance was needed on top-secret documents. In one
case he was working on a lithograph negative of the routes for all the American and Russian subs.
In his testimony he states that he also worked on a huge electronic diagram from Hughes-Suma
Corporation. In the center of the diagram in a large rectangle it said "antigravity chamber." When
he completed his work he turned to the man training him showing him the verbiage. This man told
him that he was not supposed to be working on that and for him to put it back and forget about it.
A.H.: Boeing Aerospace, December 2000
A.H. has gained significant information from inside the UFO extraterrestrial groups within our
government, military, and civilian companies.
He has friends at the NSA, CIA, NASA, JPL, ONI,
NRO, Area 51, the Air Force, Northrup, Boeing, and others. He used to work at Boeing as a
surface technician. He was introduced to four-star General Curtis Lemay and one day went to his
house in Newport Beach, CA and spoke with him about this subject. Lemay confirmed the ETC
crash at Roswell. AH's NSA contact told him that Henry Kissinger, George Bush as well as Ronald
Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachov were all aware of the ET subject. His CIA contact told him that
the USAF had shot down some of these spacecraft. A friend of AH's who worked at Boeing was
part of crash recovery and personally saw and carried ET bodies. AH says that a group in the FBI
discovered that radar testing was causing interference with some of the ETV's and that this was
what was causing so many crashes. He also says that there are underground bases testing and
maintaining extraterrestrial technology in Utah (reachable only by air), Enzo California,
Lancaster/Palmdale California, Edwards AFB in California, March AFB, Eglan AFB in Florida,
London England, and many other locations.
British Police Officer Alan Godfrey: September 2000
Officer Alan Godfrey is a retired police officer who served in the West Yorkshire Metropolitan
Police in England from 1975 to 1984. On November 28"" 1980, he and five other officers
- 79 -

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3284, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
witnessed a UFO. He saw a diamond shaped object about 75 feet away hovering just five feet
above the ground and he estimates it to be about 20 feet wide and about 14 feet tall. The bottom
half appeared to be rotating and the top was stationary and it did not make any noise. Months after
reporting this incident, he started being harassed. He was transferred 50 miles away and was
eventually barred from entering his own police station. Contraband drugs were placed in his
Mr. Gordon Creighton: Former British Foreign Service Official, September 2000
Mr. Creighton spent many years in the British Foreign Service. He spent 10 years in China and in
1941 he saw a UFO while at the Embassy. In broad daylight he saw a disc-shaped, silent UFO
with a blue white light on top flying very fast. In 1953 he spent some time with the Military
Defense in Whitehall and worked on the floor underneath a department, Air Technical, dealing
with UFOs. He says that a UFO landed on the estate of Lord Mountbatten in the south of England
near Southampton.
Sergeant Karl Wolfe: US Air Force, September 2000
Karl Wolfe was in the Air Force for 41/2 years beginning in January 1964. He had a top secret
crypto clearance and worked with the tactical air command at Langley AFB in Virginia. While
working at a NSA facility he was shown photographs taken by the Lunar Orbiter of the moon that
showed detailed artificial structures. These photos were taken prior to the Apollo landing in
1969.
Donna Hare: Former NASA Employee, November 2000
Donna Hare had a secret clearance while working for NASA contractor, Philco Ford. She testifies
that she was shown a photo of a picture with a distinct UFO. Her colleague explained that it was
his job to airbrush such evidence of UFOs out of photographs before they were released to the
public. She also heard information from other Johnson Space Center employees that some
astronauts had seen extraterrestrial craft and that when some of them wanted to speak out about this
they were threatened.
Mr. John Maynard: Defense Intelligence Agency (ret.), October 2000
John Maynard was a military intelligence analyst for the Defense Intelligence Agency. In the
course of his 21 year career he saw evidence of the military's interest in UFOs in a variety of ways:
electronic communications which did not originate from Earth; military photos of UFOs. While at
the DIA, he became familiar with the compartmentalization process of maintaining secrecy. He
saw spy plane photos with clear UFOs in them
Mr. Harland Bentley: US Army, August 2000
Mr. Bentley has been involved in working on classified projects with several Government agencies
including NASA and the DOE. He has a BS-EE degree and extensive training in nuclear
engineering. Mr. Bentley recounts a story of personally witnessing a UFO crash at a Nike Ajax
Missile Facility in Maryland and viewing a group of UFOs on radar take off at a calculated 17,000
miles an hour after having hovered on the ground. He also speaks of a 1967/68 incident where he
overheard a conversation between Houston Control and astronauts in flight talk about avoiding a
collision with a UFO spacecraft and our astronauts actually seeing living beings moving about
through portals on the UFO.
- 80 -

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3324, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Dr. Robert Wood: McDonnell Douglas Aerospace Engineer, September 2000
Dr. Robert Wood worked in a senior capacity as an aerospace engineer at McDonald Douglas for
his entire 43-year career. In his testimony, he states that he was involved in a specific project at
McDonald Douglas to study the propulsion systems of UFOs. In addition, he confirms the
existence of other projects within the aerospace industry, and gives his assessment of the fact that
this subject is not only real, but is of extraterrestrial nature. He also confirms the extreme secrecy
surrounding the subject.
Dr. Alfred Webre: Senior Policy Analyst Stanford Research Institute, August 2000
Dr. Alfred Webre holds BS and law degrees from Yale and a Masters of Education in Counseling
from the University of Texas. He was a Senior Policy Analyst at the Center for the Study of Social
Policy at Stanford Research Institute.
In 1977 he worked on the Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Project through SRI. Its purpose was to gain knowledge on the
subject then make policy recommendations. NASA director James Fletcher and the National
Science Foundation were involved. The project was prematurely and illegally terminated by the
Pentagon soon after it began even though it had already been approved within the Domestic Policy
Staff of the White House.
Denise McKenzie: Former SAIC employee, March 2001
Ms. McKenzie was employed by SAIC (Science Applications International Corporation) in San
Diego, a large defense contractor. In the course of her work, she realized that there were millions
upon millions of dollars in contracts awarded to SAIC and in almost all cases none of these
contracts appeared to have any activity associated with them. She elucidates how "black" budget
monies are hidden in seemingly legitimate projects. A pattern of sexual harassment began after she
brought this issue before a supervisor.
Mr. Paul H. Utz: 2000
Paul H. Utz talks about his father Paul A. Utz who worked as a high-level engineer in Area 51 and
had a "Q" clearance. His father had always claimed that he was an Optical Engineer working in
Area 51 but on a meeting outside the US he told his son that he was actually working on a new
kind of energy source. This testimony is included, in part, to show the devastating effects of
secrecy on individuals and their families.
Colonel Phillip J. Corso, Sr.: US Army (ret.)
Colonel Phillip Corso, Sr. was an Army intelligence officer who served on Eisenhower's National
Security Council. After his 21 year military career he served as a military analyst. Colonel Corso
personally saw deceased extraterrestrials from the Roswell crash in 1947 and a UFO craft at an
airbase. He had also seen UFOs travel at 4,000 miles an hour on radar. When he worked in R&D
he was given fragments of extraterrestrial technologies from various crashes and his job was to
seed industry with these technologies telling them they were from Earthly foreign sources.
Mr. Glen Dennis: September 2000
Mr. Dennis was a mortician in Roswell, NM. In July 1947, the time of the famous Roswell crash,
the mortuary officer from the Roswell Army Airfield called him asking for hermetically sealed
infant caskets but never explained why. Later that day when at the Airfield for an emergency he
- 81 -

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3217, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
saw debris of unknown origin.
A nurse, whom he knew, described to him the bodies of
extraterrestrials she had just handled at the base.
Lieutenant Walter Haut: US Navy, September 2000
First Lieutenant Haut was the Public Information Officer at the Roswell Army Air Base in Roswell
NM when an extraterrestrial vehicle crashed in nearby Corona. He was the individual who put out
the original story that a flying disc had crashed there. That story was retracted the next day.
Buck Sergeant Leonard Pretko: US Air Force, November 2000
Buck Sergeant Pretko was trained in communications and served at Hickham Field in Hawaii. In
the early 1950s at an outdoor theater with over 250 people present nine silver disks were seen by
everyone randomly moving over the entrance to Pearl Harbor. The event lasted for about 10
At another time he explains that he befriended one of General Douglas MacArthur's
personal security guards who told him that MacArthur had seen the craft and extraterrestrial bodies
from the Roswell crash.
Mr. Dan Willis: US Navy, March 2001
Mr. Dan Willis was in the Navy from 1968 to 1971 with a top-secret crypto level-14 security
clearance. Later, he worked for 13 years at the Naval Electronic Communication Engineering
Center in San Diego. He tells of a time when he received a most unusual communications from a
merchant marine ship near the Alaskan coast. The message said that there was a reddish-orange
glowing elliptical object about 70 feet in diameter that came out of the ocean and shot off into
space. It was tracked on radar going 7,000 miles an hour. Many years later, Mr. Willis related this
story to someone he knew who had previously worked at NORAD. He said that there were
occasions where objects would be tracked on NORAD radar going so fast that they were off the
scale, and once when this happened one of his older supervisors causally told him that, "It was just
a visit from one of our little friends."
Dr. Roberto Pinotti: September 2000
In his testimony, Mr. Pinotti speaks about the 215 inexplicable UFO events in the Italian Air Force
files. He obtained official Italian documents that date back to the 30's, specifically 1936 where the
then Fascist Government was handling and documenting UFO sightings. Mussolini was very
concerned about these unexplained craft because of the effect they might have on the Italian Air
Force. The documents talk about elongated craft expelling smaller flying-saucer type UFOs. One
sighting happened over the skies of Venice. The Air Force attempted to intercept these craft but
could not as they were too fast. Recently the Chief of the Intelligence Office of the Italian Air
Force, General Olivero, spoke about this subject saying that the problem of UFOs exists and that
the Air Force has been dealing with it since 1978. There were even two landing traces in
Campagna near Naples where the soil was bombarded with high intensity, high frequency
microwaves. There was another important event documented by Air Force General Salvatore
Marcholetti in 1976 where, in Lechi, he was flying and came across a huge green object that
appeared over his plane. Soon the UFO took off at tremendous speed.
- 82-

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1463, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
000120
DEC 10 1852
: 1:-1:
ta dmțI TOErE.
Emti 7
SUTTE
ARLETI
• Ia Direatar af Cartral IrtolliGERçu
Ieputy Directer (Intol11ccnce)
Vatdzattried I2ytng Objecta
Reglest di the Diroctas OI 20 Teeeta 1052+
CHi
ice foliowlne 17 a nbasTy tf tie euret altaitioo w't3 zen
stet to ti* imrestlitiza of maldertified tlytog objoeto- Paçeat
treldat Lacirlaa
l'eilea ci taa (19) mntdeatlted fiylas ebleets
fEttlatoa a tts teais of taturat rbazoea os seon toten
ef Ei=0=(÷), dt #zatm, Vtc9, eo 2 Jal, 177-
A mery trillieas aildartIet 2lgut over tto cornt
tf taino for nott fow bsus tn the steit af D-IZ GGTBIE
Fat i tetgit ec rate to be tro of thiro tinas trEt V9967 CE7
be erytelud ty ay bde drite.
Allezel esatece ulth e Avis etr brdua lo
Florlde Late thie suzer vites left aoza prentatl mumptbd
Efter-llects.
Maerero ottes stebtiugo of Ughta os colectu ittçi
bt fn ovdc c cł
•Iso beztni velicke or erilfrelle catupl F4acmaz,
T= Istberinsa df tha IAd estten da t Iepoar, Q/O Isa been
Verkeng vith I. V. I. Rebertosa, conaultert ftosecr Disset s of Fenearch,
$52), forzai totsllissicg a pasl of =e ectcntiote and esptasers to tto
FleIio CE bOTtigZIeN, nucieaz ensrO, elestrculea, eto-, to zsvley this
#t=**+
pintei Isr Fritzy-
bubohe tive nOlestLSt sevler cf sue erlgcot Vittin tte Mmis tro ta
taj malsr
19***
AL01Di03E DINOEtO
fotehtlflo Intelligenea
Dlotrlbu log:
ED/I = 1
Opas/SI
PIOL/SI
:]
4D/5I - 2
OGI :BIC/ntr (105ec37)
-35 -
- 83 -

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1778, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
HEEI
PERTINENT PANTS RETYPED FOR READABILITY
000112
EMORANDUM FOR!,
[illegible]:
SUBJECT:
The Director of Central Intelligence
Deputy Director (Intelligence)
unidentified Flying Objecta.
-
Tillegible]:
Request of the Director of I0 Decenber 1952
= 1 -
The following is & surmary of the current situation with respect
i to the
Investigation
of unidentified flying objects.
Recent
* incident includes
Movies of ten (10) unidentified Ilying objects (unexplained
the basis of natural phenonena Of
known types of aircraftl,
near Trementon, Utah on 2 July 1952-
b.
a ve brilliant unidentified light over the coast of Maine
for about four hours on the night of 10-11 October at e height
computed to be two or three times that which can be gustained by
any known davice.
o.: Alleged contact
with a device left on the ground in Floride
sunder which left some presently unexplained after-
effecte.
..:
d. • Numerous other eightings of lights or objects which elther
in configuration or performance do not resemble any known aerial
vahicle or explainable natural phananana-
2.
In
furtherance of tre IVe action on 4 December, Q/SI has
been
working with Dr. H-F. Robertson, consultant (former Director Of
Research,
Lillegiblel establiching a panel of top solentiste and
ang here in the leide in astro angíble] cooperation has been.
nuclear energy, electronies,
eto., 50 ravier t9ie a1tuatio.
secured by DI/USAF and ATIC, and a tillegiblelr D*- Robertson, ano
i Durant of SI to ATIC 19 planned for Friday.
It is hoped to
organize the panel and undertake gubstantive scientifle raview of
this subject within the next two to three waeks.
H• KARSHALL CHADHELL
Ansistant Director
sctentifie Intelligenoe
.: :
:...
[omitted].
.
- 56-
- 84-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3406, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Technology/Science
Introduction
The ultimate national security issue is intimately linked to the pressing environmental crisis facing the
world today: This issue is the question of whether humanity can continue as a technologically advanced
civilization. Fossil fuels and the internal combustion engine are non-sustainable both environmentally and
economically — and a replacement for both already exists.
If such technologies were announced today, it would take at least 10 - 20 years for their widespread
application to be effected. This is approximately how much time we have before global economic chaos
begins due to demand far exceeding the supply of oil and environmental decay becomes exponential and
catastrophic.
These technologies fall into the following broad categories:
• Quantum vacuum/zero point field energy access systems and related advances in electromagnetic
theory and applications;
Electrogravitic and magnetogravitic energy and propulsion;
Room temperature nuclear effects;
Electrochemical and related advances to internal combustion systems that achieve near zero
emissions and a very high efficiency.
A number of practical applications using such technologies have been developed over the past several
decades, but such breakthroughs have been either ignored due to their unconventional nature — or have been
classified and suppressed due to national security, military interests and "special" interests.
Indeed, the great danger is ignorance by our leaders of these scientific breakthroughs — and ignorance of
how to manage their disclosure. The advanced countries of the world must be prepared to put systems in
place to assure the exclusive peaceful use of such energy and propulsion advances. Economic and industrial
interests should be prepared so that those aspects of our economy that will be adversely affected
(commodities, oil, gas, coal, public utilities, engine manufacturing, etc.) can be cushioned from sudden
reversals and be economically "hedged" by investing in and supporting the new energy infrastructure.
needed immediately. If we wait 10 - 20 more years, it will be too late to make the needed changes before
world oil shortages, exorbitant costs and geopolitical competition for resources causes a melt-down in the
world's economy and political structures.
Let us be clear: the question is not whether such systems exist and can be viable replacements for fossil
fuels. The question is whether we have the courage to allow such a transformation in world society to occur.
Mr. Mark McCandlish: US Air Force, December 2000
Mark McCandlish is an accomplished aerospace illustrator and has worked for many of the top
aerospace corporations in the United States. His colleague, Brad Sorenson, with whom he
studied, has been inside a facility at Norton Air Force Base, where he witnessed alien
reproduction vehicles, or ARVs, that were fully operational and hovering. In his testimony,
you will learn that the US not only has operational antigravity propulsion devices, but we have
had them for many, many years, and they have been developed through the study, in part, of
extraterrestrial vehicles over the past fifty years. In addition, we have the drawing from
aerospace inventor Brad Sorenson of the devices that he saw, as well as a schematic of one of
these alien reproduction vehicles — in some remarkable detail.
- 85-

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3418, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Professor Paul Czysz: November 2000
Dr. Paul Czysz is a Professor of Aeronautical Engineering at Parks College in St. Louis. He spent
8 years in the Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and another 30 years working for
McDonnell-Douglas in the field of exotic technologies. While at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
he was involved in tracking UFOs over Missouri, Ohio, and Michigan. These UFOs were seen my
many people: military, local police, and civilians, and were clocked at speeds around 20,000 MPH
as they performed unusual, silent maneuvers. Dr. Czysz spent more than half his career at
McDonnell-Douglas working on classified and compartmentalized projects, and testifies to the
processes involved in maintaining secrecy on these projects. He warns against the human tendency
i of ati eris, and the lea of using is weapons agains exter dia
targets would be suicidal.
Dr. Hal Puthoff: November 2000
Dr. Hal Puthoff, a theoretical and experimental physicist, is a graduate of Stanford University. He
fields. Dr. Puthoff's professional background spans more than thirty years of research at General
Electric, Sperry, the National Security Agency, Stanford University, SRI International, and, since
1985, as Director of the Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin, Texas, and President of
EarthTech International, Inc. In his testimony, Dr. Puthoff points out that as we uncover the
technologies that make space travel possible, we must consider the possibility that there are other
civilizations who have been down this track ahead of us. This opens up the possibility of ET
visitation. Considering that our electromagnetic technology is a century old, we must realize that
there could be advanced civilizations out there that are millennia beyond us, and their technologies
could be well beyond our imagination; therefore, the ET/UFO topic deserves to be taken seriously
by modern scientists.
David Hamilton: Department of Energy, October 2000
David Hamilton works for the Department of Energy in the area of new generation power
systems. He explains that we have nearly exhausted the world's supply of fossil fuels, just at
the time when Asia and China are undergoing an "industrial revolution" and are positioning to
become bigger consumers of these fuels than the "first world" countries already are. In order to
alleviate the current Earth crises of environmental pollution, global warming, etc. and advance
as a sustainable technological society, we must develop technologies that don't fit into the old
paradigm.
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas E. Bearden: US Army (ret), October 2000
Colonel Bearden is a leading conceptualist in alternate energy technologies, electromagnetic bio-
effects, unified field theory concepts, and other related areas. He is a retired Lieutenant Colonel of
the U.S. Army and holds a Ph.D. and an M.S. in Nuclear Engineering from the Georgia Institute of
Technology. He is currently CEO of CTEC, Inc., Director of the Association of Distinguished
American Scientists, and Fellow Emeritus of the Alpha Foundation's Institute for Advanced Study.
In Colonel Bearden's testimony he speaks extensively about how it is possible to derive useable
energy from the vacuum without violating any currently known laws of physics. He and others
have built electromechanical devices which actually demonstrate this technology. He also explains
- 86-

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3792, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
how certain powers would rather keep this technology from becoming widely known outside of
small esoteric circles. Time is running out however because our Earth does not have enough oil
and coal reserves to last even for this generation. He explains how our top minds and scientists
must first recognize then rally around an effort to solve this energy problem before 2004.
Dr. Eugene Mallove: October 2000
Dr. Eugene Mallove is currently the Editor-In-Chief of the magazine Infinite Energy and
Director of the New Energy Research Laboratory in New Hampshire. He holds two MIT
degrees in Aeronautical-Astronautical Engineering and a Harvard Doctorate in
Environmental Health Sciences (Air Pollution Control Engineering). He has broad
the Chief Science Writer at MIT when the cold fusion story broke in March 1989, and he
resigned in 1991 after his requested investigation into the fudged cold fusion data at MIT
(which helped to discredit the whole subject) was not properly done. The marginalization by
the scientific establishment of the cold fusion topic bears strong resemblance to the similar
marginalization of the ET/UFO topic: both have been ridiculed and defamed because they
break established paradigms. As Dr. Mallove states in this interview, "There is nothing
worse.. than suggesting to academic physicists in particular, and academics in general, that
they are not only wrong; they are disastrously wrong, catastrophically wrong."
In his
magazine, Dr. Mallove has advised us to remember the sentiments of Michael Faraday:
"Nothing is too wonderful to be true."
Dr. Paul LaViolette: October 2000
Dr. Paul LaViolette has written four books and has published many original papers in
physics, astronomy, climatology, systems theory, and psychology. He received his BA in
physics from Johns Hopkins, his MBA from the University of Chicago, and PhD from
Portland State University, and is currently president of the Starburst Foundation, an
interdisciplinary scientific research institute. He is the developer of subquantum kinetics, a
novel approach to microphysics that accounts for electric, magnetic, gravitational, and
nuclear forces in a unified manner and resolves many long-standing physics problems. Based
on the predictions of this theory, he developed an alternative cosmology that effectively
replaces the big bang theory. Dr. LaViolette has also developed a new theory of gravity that
replaces the deeply flawed theory of general relativity. Predicted from subquantum kinetics,
it accounts for the electrogravitic coupling phenomenon discovered by Townsend Brown and
may explain the advanced aerospace propulsion technology utilized in the B-2 bomber. In
addition to his understanding of UFO and black budget craft propulsion systems, including
materialization and dematerialization, he has deep knowledge of the inner workings of the
U.S. Patent Office. He states in this interview that, currently, if an invention doesn't fit into
the accepted physics paradigm, the patent examiners immediately reject it thinking it violates
the paradigm and must be a mistake. In effect, new energy technologies are the underdog:
They don't fit the paradigm so they are left out of the needed funding, or their patents are
denied — even to the point that the Patent Office is breaking the law. In order to alleviate the
current Earth crises of environmental pollution, global warming, etc. and advance as a
technological society, we need technologies that don't fit into the old paradigm.
Mr. Fred Threlfell: Royal Canadian Air Force, September 2000
Mr. Threllfell was a communications instructor in the Royal Canadian Air Force at RCAF Station
Toronto in 1953, when he witnessed an experiment involving the successful dematerialization and
- 87 -

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3077, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
re-materialization of an object. Because of his top clearance, he was also able to check out from
the base library, original films of gun camera footage from WWII planes. Many times, while
watching these films, he noticed UFOs in the footage — different positions, different shapes, but,
definitely UFOs. He has also himself seen UFOs maneuvering in the sky.
Dr. Ted Loder: October 2000
Dr. Ted Loder is a respected scientist and oceanography professor at the University of New
Hampshire. After learning, that the ET/UFO subject is not only real but is the key to technologies
that could preserve our Earth's environment while advancing humanity into a sustainable planetary
society, he has become an outspoken advocate for ending the secrecy surrounding this subject.
During the past four years, he has experienced his own interactions with ET craft as a member of
CSETI field research teams and he has worked to introduce students, other scientists, and
legislators to the fact that humans are not alone in the universe and peaceful interaction with ETs is
necessary to the survival of our planet and our people.
Summary of Recommended Actions by Public, Private and
Governmental Stakeholders
Recommended Press and Public Actions
The role of the press in this disclosure effort is critical to its success and the acceptance of the facts by
the American public and academic institutions in a non-threatening, but intelligent and interested manner. It
usually becomes obvious to anyone studying this field that the American press has played an important role
over the last half century in helping spread disinformation and shaping the public's views on UFO/ET
. The press has often been an unknowing partner in the distribution of misinformation/disinformation
or a knowing partner in the refusal to report real events. It is exceedingly rare that major sightings are
reported at the national level. When reports are made, they often done in a condescending, slanted, "add the
giggle factor" manner that leaves the audience confused and turned off. Two recent exceptions were the
report of the Phoenix Lights story in USA Today by Richard Price and the Boston Globe report on the French
COMETA report by Leslie Kean. Both articles were well researched and presented in a balanced, non-
judgmental manner.
We recommend the press take the following actions:
1. We recommend that reporters writing on this topic familiarize themselves with the evidence and the
implications of this topic. It is felt by many who have studied the UFO/ET issue that it is the most
important issue facing the world today. This importance should be conveyed to the readers in a
responsible serious manner;
2. We recommend that media organizations assign these issues to senior, well-respected, nationally-
recognized journalists and reporters. These issues should no longer be confined to filler articles
assigned to junior staff or relegated to entertainment programming;
' See Hanson, T., The Missing Times: News Media Complicity in the UFO Cover-up. 2001
- 88-

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 604, "chars": 3930, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
3. We recommend that the present clichés of reporting on these issues, which maybe intended to "dumb
down" the topic by conveying a non-serious and silly tone to the reporting, be eliminated. These
include the use of opening statements such as "little green men" and the filming of interviewees with
weird camera angles, colored lights, fog generators and the like. All of these techniques, which have
been successfully used for decades to "spin" the topic, must be eliminated if the public is to believe
the seriousness of your reporting.
We recommend the public take the following actions:
1. We recommend that the public open their minds to UFO/ET issues by thoughtfully investigating the
issues themselves;
2. We recommend that the public, once recognizing the implications of a disclosure, encourage the
press and public officials to research and report responsibly on them and further to take part in a
dialogue addressing a dramatically transformed view of humans on this planet and their future place
as part of a larger group of intelligent beings;
3.
We recommend that the public write the President and ask that he issue an executive order
permitting witnesses to safely come forward (see section on Presidential actions) and write their
senators and representatives requesting that they sponsor open hearings where these witnesses may
testify;
4. We recommend that former government, military or corporate persons with knowledge about this
subject and willingness to be witnesses, contact the Disclosure Project to help make their knowledge
public in an honorable and patriotic manner. We have protective measures in place, and the more
witnesses we have, the stronger the case — and the greater the margin of safety for all concerned;
Ultimately, if the people will lead, the leaders will follow. Courage, vision and perseverance are
needed to transform this situation, and create a time of openness and trust. If our leaders currently
lack this courage and vision, then we must manifest it for them since ultimately the public will help
drive the disclosure effort.
Recommended Congressional Actions
Considering the incredible importance and implications of this subject, Congress has played an almost
negligible role over the past four to five decades. In fact only two formal hearings have been held during that
time period. The first was held by the House Armed Services Committee on April 5, 1966 because of strong
editorial and public criticism of the Air Force Project Blue Book UFO program. Then Representative Gerald
Ford of Michigan was a strong supporter of the hearings, in part as a result of major sightings that had
occurred during March of that year in his state and seen by hundreds of people and reported widely in the
press. The result of the hearings was the recommendation for an independent scientific investigation of
UFOs, which became the University of Colorado "Scientific Study of UFOs" directed by Dr. Edward
Condon.
Then in 1968, the House Science and Astronautics Committee held a "Symposium on Unidentified
Flying Objects" to review the scientific evidence for UFOs. Of the six scientists who testified, five
opinioned that there was a valid scientific anomaly that should be studied further. In fact, one of the
scientists, Dr. James McDonald, a senior physicist and professor at the University of Arizona, concluded
that, "My own study of the UFO problem has convinced me that we must rapidly escalate serious scientific
attention to this extra-ordinarily intriguing puzzle." A year later the Condon Committee concluded that there
was no convincing scientific evidence for UFOs and recommended that Project Blue Book be terminated
which happened later that year on December 17. This surprising conclusion was reached in spite of the fact
that about 30% of the cases investigated by the committee had remained unexplained. In the 1990s, the
- 89 -

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 601, "chars": 3951, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
refusal of the Air Force to even comment on the growing evidence of a crash near Roswell, NM lead then
Representative Steven Schiff (R-NM) to request that the General Accounting Office conduct a search for
related documents. In 1995 the GAO released a report stating that they could not find documents related to
the crash as documents from Roswell Army Base from that time period had been improperly destroyed.
Then in early April 1997 the CSETI organization held a closed briefing for members of congress and
civilian witnesses in the hopes that someone in Congress would have the courage to hold hearings on this
topic. No one then nor until today has had the courage to call for hearings on this topic, even though the
statement made by Rep Gerald Ford in 1966 that "We owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding
UFOs," is as true today as it was then. It is interesting to note that the members of the Senate have never
held any hearings on this subject although privately individuals have expressed significant interest in the
subject.
We recommend that Congress take the following actions to pursue this matter:
1. Make directed inquiries to contacts and chairmen of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees;
2. Pursue other contacts known to the Congress, which may be able to assist in identifying points of
control for these operations;
3. Pursue this matter further by convening Congressional Hearings whereby direct witnesses to these
projects may testify. We believe more than one member of Congress should be located to co-
sponsor such an inquiry;
4. Pass a Congressional ban on weapons in space and encourage our allies and the UN to do the same.
Note that once issues concerning the validity of National Security oaths and amnesty are resolved by
congress and/or presidential order, there are hundreds of potential witnesses who are willing to testify on the
reality of the UFO/ET issues and their implications for our country's future.
It is only through the medium of open and public congressional hearings that an understanding of the
complexity of these issues may be achieved and our country can move forward.
Because of the interconnections between the UFO issue and the world's energy status and technology, it
will also be necessary to also hold Congressional Hearings on these energy issues as well, as a pursuant, but
somewhat parallel process.
Once the reality of the UFO issues are accepted by Congress, then we recommend that Congress:
1. Thoroughly investigate these new technologies both from current civilian sources as well as
compartmented projects within military, intelligence and corporate contracting areas;
2. Authorize the declassification and release of information held within compartmented projects related
to this subject;
3. Specifically prohibit the seizing or suppression of such technologies;
4. Authorize substantial funding for basic research and development by civilian scientists and
technologists making this research available to the public and mainstream scientists;
5. Develop plans for dealing with disclosing such technologies and for the transition to a non-fossil fuel
economy. These plans should include among others: military and national security planning; strategic
economic planning and preparation; private sector support and cooperation; geopolitical planning,
especially as it pertains to OPEC countries and regions whose economies are very dependent on oil
exports and the price of oil; international cooperation and security.
The Disclosure Project stands ready to assist the Congress in any way possible to facilitate use of these
new energy sources. We can recommend a number of individuals who can be subpoenaed to provide
testimony on such technologies, as well as people who have information on unacknowledged special access
projects within covert government operations that are already working with these issues.
- 90 -

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 3163, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Recommended Military Actions
Since the early 1990s, the Director and members of the Disclosure Project have briefed various high
level military officials including the Head of Intelligence Joint Staff (J-2), the Director of the Defense
Intelligence Agency (DIA), Director of Central Intelligence, Wright Patterson Director of National Air
Intelligence Center and others. It has become obvious to us during these briefings that senior officers have
not been informed on this subject. This constitutes a serious threat to the national security and to military
To quote Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, "I urge immediate congressional action to reduce the dangers
from secrecy about Unidentified Flying Objects."
Note that here he is emphasizing the dangers from
secrecy, not danger arising from UFOs.?
We recommend senior military and national security leaders take the following actions:
1. Receive a thorough briefing on the subject by the Disclosure Project leadership and military/civilian
witnesses;
2. Fully brief CINCS (Commander in Chiefs), and develop special ROEs (Rules of Engagement) for
ETI/UFO encounters;
3. Independently investigate the subject and penetrate USAP (Unacknowledged Special Access
Projects, see section 3.4) operations related to the subject;
4. Become fully involved in covert projects related to the subject to ensure that such projects are
adequately supervised and are under the direct and continuous control of the constitutional chain of
command;
5. Correct and/or restrain any USAP's covert misuse of advanced technologies or weapon systems
related to UFOs;
6. Attempt peaceful, cooperative engagement of these life forms and assiduously avoid violent military
engagement;
7. Carefully reconsider the deployment of space-based military assets in light of the above information
and avoid actions that might be viewed as bellicose or hostile by extraterrestrial life forms.
Recommended Scientific Community Actions
As observations of the UFO phenomena reported by many thousands of witnesses are validated, a new
set of scientific paradigms will need to be researched to explain what is being observed. Twentieth century
scientific theories have barely touched the surface in explaining what numerous scientific, military and
civilian witnesses have observed and reported. However, in some cases, covert military research programs
appear to have advanced much further in understanding the observed phenomena and than have our academic
and public scientists. Recent findings, such as the demonstration of possible faster than speed of light
phenomenon, suggest that indeed there will be a whole new class of scientific phenomena that 21% scientists
will investigate to explain what has been declared as "impossible" by scientists of the last century.
- Hillenkoeter, Roscoe: Aliens from Space, Major Donald E. Keyhoe, 1975.
3 Wang, L.J., A. Kuzmich, and A. Dogariu. 2000. Gain-assisted superluminal light propagation. Nature. 406:277-279.
4 Sturrock, P. A., Report on a Survey of the American Astronomical Society concerning the UFO Phenomenon,
Stanford University Report SUIPR 68IR, 1977.
- 91 -

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 661, "chars": 4280, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
There is still a major acceptance problem about UFO/ET issues with most scientists. Dr. Peter Sturrock,
a highly respected solar physicist and now an emeritus professor at Stanford University, summarized the
problem as follows:
The definite resolution of the UFO enigma will not come about unless and until the
problem is subjected to open and extensive scientific study by the normal procedures of
established science. This requires a change in attitude primarily on the part of scientists and
administrators in universities.
A further view by Dr. Sturrock on the role of scientists and scientific journals is quoted in section 3.2.1.
Surprising though it may seem to the layperson, scientists often have trouble changing their understanding of
processes and natural phenomena when faced with evidence that their theories may not be correct. The
history of science is replete with examples of scientists proclaiming such and such is impossible, only to be
shown later that their assumptions were incorrect. This normal human tendency is certainly not limited to
scientists. (For example, for a number of years after the Wright brother's planes had been observed flying by
thousands of people, there were still popular articles proclaiming that flying is impossible.) Furthermore,
most scientific research in the United States, especially in colleges and universities, is colleague-driven
through the peer review process for promotion and tenure as well as for grants and journal publications.
Stepping outside the bounds of peer accepted research often spells difficulty for the scientist, even if they are
well established in more conventionally accepted scientific areas. Consequently, the vast majority of
academics are not willing to take such a risk, since it is safer to remain with the accepted views of the day.
Over the last century, scientists have played both an active and passive role, often unknowingly, in
shaping the attitudes of the "trusting" public on the UFO issue through promulgation of misinformation and
disinformation. Since the 1950s, scientists have been used to persuade the public that there is "no scientific
evidence" of UFO phenomena. High profile scientists are still playing that role today, as did one of the
leaders in the SETI program who stated in a recent public guest lecture at Harvard University that "there is
no scientific evidence of the existence of UFOs." There are several possible explanations for this statement.
Either she was unaware of the depth of evidence on the subject, in which case she could have qualified her
authoritative pronouncement, or she knew that the subject was real but there were motivations which
inadvertently mislead the public in order to gain more support to expand SETI research. Either way,
scientists need to be more honest with the public, who for the most part still trust them and their
pronouncements.
In summary, without investigation and research, there can be no intelligent informed statement on the
phenomena. This need was also recommended by a panel of scientists in the Sturrock/Rockefeller report and
by scientists and military personnel in the French COMETA report summarized in section 8.0.
We recommend scientists take the following actions:
1. Scientists must open their minds to the possibility of the UFO/ET phenomenon and stop prejudging
others who are researching this area. This will require each to do their own "research" into the
matter;
2. Scientists who know the UFO/ET issues are real (such as those who participate in covert research
projects) should share the reality and their understanding with scientific colleagues to start to bring
them up to speed. There will be a lot of catching up to do and it will be difficult because of
reputations and funding issues;
3. Academic scientists should share this knowledge with their students and the public, for it is the next
generation of students and graduate students that will help make the breakthroughs in research to
explain what has been observed for several generations;
4. It is critical that scientists help make the study of UFO/ET issues a supported and encouraged area of
scientific investigation for these future graduate students and young professional scientists;
- 92 -

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3441, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
S. Scientist/managers who run our federally funded academic research programs should set aside a small
percentage of their budgets for "outside-the-box" research into the UFO/ET arena, helping to make it
a legitimate area of research.
6. Finally, scientists should realize that advances in science and technology that could come from an
understanding of the UFO/ET phenomenon will have far ranging effects on the future of the people
and the environment of our planet. The opportunities for new "breakthrough" research have never
been better (as well as the opportunity to rewrite many textbooks).
Recommended Actions for the President of the United States
Although Presidents since World War II have known about the reality of the UFO/ET issues, in recent
decades their knowledge and ability to affect the issues have become limited. It is time for the president to
take a proactive role in the disclosure process, because should significant disclosures occur without any
presidential role, the president would be viewed by the American public and the world in one of two perhaps
equally damaging ways.
1. If the President and the executive branch of the U.S. government maintain that they did not know
anything about a subject this important, presidential stature and credibility would be significantly
damaged.
2. If the President and the executive branch maintain after "unsanctioned" disclosures that they knew of
the subject and its incredible national significance, but were not connected to the disclosure, the
President might be accused of supporting the cover-up, even though this may be unfair in light of the
actual facts of how this subject has been covertly handled.
Either way it behooves the President to begin the disclosure process with the following steps or one of
the above damaging options may become the prevailing view.
We recommend the following actions for the President of the United States:
1. We recommend that the President set forth an Executive Order releasing witnesses from national
security oaths on this subject since a critical issue for witnesses willing to testify is their security
oaths, even though they may have been illegally obtained (see section 4.7 on security oaths);
2. We recommend that the President convene an independent, fair and open commission to investigate
the subject, USAPs connected to the subject, and technologies that are currently clarified and could
benefit humanity if released;
3. We recommend at the same time that the Executive Order support the declassification of government
documents related to the UFO/ET subject, a process that has already begun through the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA);
4. We also recommend, as the disclosure process proceeds, that the President issue an Executive Order
providing amnesty for members of the suspected group and its personnel that control the UFO/ET
issues, provided that there is cooperation and non-interference by that group;
5. We recommend that the President present a nationally televised talk on the issues and the process to
start to restore public faith in the government and democratic principles;
6. Finally, we recommend that the President create by Executive Order, a new scientific research
organization to develop covert technologies that can be used to address our energy problems and
start to integrate these technologies into our mainstream academic institutions.
- 93 -

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2934, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
These Executive Orders would fully utilize the powers of the presidency to help terminate certain "black
projects" activities that appear to be operating outside the constitutional chain of command. While certain
aspects of extraterrestrial technology (and other matters) may not be fully accessed through this EO process,
it would enable definite witness testimony to be disclosed. This would start the process of neutralizing the
present efforts by the covert groups to keep the President and the Executive branch, Congress, the press, and
the taxpayers out of the loop.
Acknowledgements
There are so many people over the past 10 years who have contributed to this work that even a partial
listing would itself be a book. I would like to thank the thousands of supporters around the world for their
help, networking and dedication, without which this project could never have been created and fulfilled.
I especially wish to thank my wife Emily and our four daughters for their love, dedication and support
for these many years. Emily has worked tirelessly behind the scenes for years and always in the most self-
effacing and pure-hearted way. There is just no one like her on this planet. Thank you, thank you.
My family has also sacrificed in many other ways: They have foregone several million dollars in income
while I have been doing this work and they have, in many ways, sacrificed the most. I started this project,
not them. How many doctor's wives would patiently support such an effort? But knowing what the stakes
are for humanity, how could we do otherwise? Without the unconditional love and support of my family this
undertaking could not have even been contemplated.
The list that follows can only be a partial one. It reflects the hard work and dedication of so many and
we are indebted to them all. Special thanks go to all of the military and government witnesses and to my
chief assistants, Linda Willitts on the West Coast and Debbie Foch in the DC area.
Shari Adamiak
ARS NOVA
Major-General Vasily Alexeyev
Eric Anderson
Lt. Col. Dwynne Arneson (ret.)
Colin Anderson
Maurizio Baiata
Msgr. Corrado Balducci
Stephen Bassett
Dr. Tom Bearden, Lt. Col. (ret.)
Dr. Fred Bell
Harland Bentley
Cmd. Graham Bethune (ret.)
Don Bockelman
Gildas Bourdais
Shell Boyd
Dr. Jan Bravo
Bob and Teri Brown
Lt. Col. Charles Brown (ret.)
Sgt. Robert Blazina
David Browning
John Callahan
Sgt. Stoney Campbell
Franklin Carter
Astronaut Gordon Cooper
Col. Philip Corso, Sr. (ret.)
Philip Corso, Jr.
Anthony and Patricia Craddock
Gordon Creighton
Prof. Paul Czysz
Don Daniels
Col. Ross Dedrickson (ret.)
Glen Dennis
Janet Donovan
Gerry Eitner
Maj. George Filer, III (ret.)
Deborah Foch
Lt. Frederick Fox
James Fox
Stanton Friedman
Alan Godfrey
Emily Greer
A.H.
Dr. Richard Haines
David Hamilton
Donna Hare
Paola Harris
Lt. Walter Haut
Michael Hesemann
Joe Heilig
Lord Hill-Norton
Jean Houston
- 94-

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1159, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Joel Howard
Dorothy and Burl Ives
Prof. Robert Jacobs
Don Johnson
Miles Johnston
Harry A. Jordan
Kevin Kachikian
Miki Kaipaka
Enrique Kolbeck
James Kolbeck
Marian Kramer
Alice Ladas
Kelly and Peter Lakin
Dr. Paul LaViolette
Prof. Ted Loder
Ted Mallon
Rosemary May
John Maynard
Mark McCandlish
Denise McKenzie
Astronaut Edgar Mitchell
Dr. Eugene Mallove
Jaime Mausson
Merle Shane McDow
Cmdr. Will Miller (ret.)
Robert Mitchell
Sgt. Dan Morris (ret.)
Jordan Pease
Donald Phillips
Dr. Roberto Pinotti
Antonio Pinto
Capt. Massimo Poggi
Nick Pope
DISCLOSURE PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Rhiannon Pruett
Dr. H. E. Puthoff
Nick Redfern
Capt. Lori Rehfeldt
Lawrence Rockefeller
Dr. Carol Rosin
Ron Russell
Capt. Robert Salas
Daniel Sheehan, Esq.
Gary Shrieves
Fred Smith
Michael Smith
Peter Sorenson
Sgt. Chuck Sorrells
Ralph Steiner
Sgt. Clifford Stone (ret.)
Jeff Thill
Fred Threlfell
Daniel Monoz Tovar
Capt. Bill Uhouse
Paul Utz
Lt. Robert Walker
Larry Warren
Dr. Alfred Webre
Dotha Welbourne
LC Jonathan Wygandt
Lt. Col. John Williams (ret.)
Dan Willis
Linda Willitts
Karl Wolfe
Lt. Col. Joe Wojtecki (ret.)
Dr. Robert Wood
Sandra Wright
Sgt. Leonard Pretko
- 95 -
