{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:18:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 138972, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18633-extraterrestrials-and-the-new-cosmology.pdf", "source_sha256": "8ade891f6dcee8a954ca2915a3f3c1f2d63c5239b9c3023d9f89f0b993c9e668"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 631, "chars": 4101, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EXTRATERRESTRIALS AND THE NEW COSMOLOGY
Steven M. Greer, M.D.
Copyright 1995
The universe is teeming with intelligent life.
In fact, the universe itself is intelligent and alive.
The seen and the unseen, the apparent ant the transcendent, the physical and the realm of spirit, all are a
part of a universe, alive, awake and intelligent. The multiplicity of life in the universe, while diverse, is
essentially a singularity; beyond division, it exists in the unitize state, a marvelous, conscious Oneness.
From one level of consciousness, there is neither inner nor outer, neither this nor that, neither physical nor
spiritual. All that there is exists in its true nature as pure, undifferentiated, eternal Mind.
And yet from the awareness of that which is relative, we find inner and outer, mind and body, good and evil,
oneness and separation. Truth is often born from the contemplation of these paradoxes; both perspectives
are true, but are dependent on the level of awareness of the observer. As we ponder the universe and a new
cosmology, which accounts for the existence of advanced non-human life forms, the lesson of the paradox
will visit us over and over again. But if we look intently with the eye of oneness, perhaps the cosmos will
offer up a few of its mysteries.
Cosmological Confusion. This term best describes what happens when 20th century humans are
confronted with the existence of advanced extraterrestrial life forms. For not only are these beings not
human, they possess technologies which are inherently mystifying to us. Any civilization which is several
thousand (and perhaps several million) years more advanced than ours will by definition manifest in ways
which are bewildering to us. It is unlikely that a people capable of interstellar travel will be using microwave
signals for communication, or fossil or nuclear fuels for propulsion. Indeed, the very laws of the universe
currently held high by modern earth scientists are likely to be mere distant shadows of the ones grasped and
applied by civilizations capable of interstellar travel.
The technological and cultural manifestations of star-faring civilizations are likely to appear magical to most
humans, even as a hologram or laser would appear magical to a human 200 years ago. A large measure of
scientific and cosmological humility and patience will be needed for us to begin to understand these
civilizations, their technology, and most importantly, the lessons on the nature of reality we may learn from
them.
Moreover, the co-existence of a non-linear, non-local and transcendental universe with the so-called
physical universe' must not only be factored into our understanding of cosmology in general, but of the
manifestations of advanced extraterrestrial people in particular. For as we shall see, both humans and
extraterrestrial life forms are not merely physical, quantifiable entities, but they, and we, exist in realms
which are not bound by the physical universe.
That is, we and other biological life forms which are of an extraterrestrial origin, possess both mind and
body; we both manifest a reality which is both physical and spiritual, linear and non-local, fixed in time and
space yet simultaneously transcendent. And what happens when science and technology find the point of
communication between the hard physical and the unitive state of mind? The manifestations of such a
technology would truly be confounding to both the modern physicist and the modern philosopher or
theologian. For such a quantum leap in the understanding of the universe would bring into close relation the
separately held realms of science and spirituality, mind and matter, body and spirit.
Now add to this perplexing situation the existence of non-physical intelligent beings who, while not
possessing a physical body, are nevertheless intelligent, sentient, and to a certain extent capable of
interacting with biological humans and biological extraterrestrials. The tendency in the popular culture is to
dismiss such beings as figments of one's imagination (or of a primitive belief system) or to lump all such

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 4301, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
beings, be they human, extraterrestrial or purely non-biological, into a veritable smorgasbord of
undifferentiated 'entities'.
It is obvious that the risk of profound cosmological confusion rises exponentially as the multiplicity of
intelligent life forms is contemplated. A new cosmology is needed if we are to understand the universe
around us.
In the civilian UFO community, there is much confusion over the nature of the objects and life forms which
are moving about in our time/space reality. On the one hand, we find indisputable physical manifestations,
such as crashed spacecraft, radar returns, verified photos and videotape, and metal samples from landing
events. Not to mention 'flesh and blood' biological extraterrestrial life forms. And yet on the other hand we
find multiple accounts of non-linear manifestations of these same objects and beings: Telepathic
communication, lucid dreams, mind-matter interactions, remote viewing, bi-location, levitation and others.
No objective student of the extraterrestrial phenomenon can ignore these manifestations; they are numerous
and widespread.
Our bewilderment and confusion is
no excuse for dismissing this aspect of the
phenomenon out of hand, and yet our acceptance of these manifestations really requires that we re-think
our entire understanding of 'reality'. And humans, not liking change, are reluctant to confront evidence
which requires a total reevaluation of our cosmological understanding.
This cosmological confusion has advanced so far that you have various camps arguing about phenomena,
some of which are manifestations of advanced extraterrestrial civilizations, and some of which are
manifestations of non-biological 'spiritual beings', which have the ability to manifest in some ways similar to
extraterrestrials. That is, some of the advanced technologies and capabilities of extraterrestrial civilizations,
especially those interfacing with mind and thought, can appear in ways very similar to so-called 'astral' or
spirit beings. In fact, the manifestations can be so similar as to lead many to say that the originating beings
are one and the same. Not true. Not all that glitters is gold, and similarity of manifestation does not equate
to sameness of origin.
Now add to all of this the fact that certain adept humans can manifest abilities which are extremely similar to
both extraterrestrial and 'astral' beings. Remember the list of unusual manifestations of ET technology
mentioned above? Telepathy, precognition, levitation, telekinesis, bi-location, mind matter and mind body
interactions... These are abilities which, from time to time (and more often than many would think!) appear in
the human world.
Finally, let us add one more factor into all of this: Covert military and paramilitary human groups which have
developed both the technologies and innate mental abilities approximating those of both the extraterrestrial
civilizations and the non-biological spirit beings.
he universe is a big, and complex place. But it need not be overly ditticult to understand and its
comprehension is aided by first utilizing a few simple principles and concepts. This task recalls the ancient
Sufi saying, "Knowledge is a single point, but the foolish have multiplied it"!
CORE PRINCIPLES OF THE NEW COSMOLOGY
Linear, relative reality and non-local, non-linear reality both simultaneously exist as Reality. Their perception
and understanding is wholly dependent on the level of consciousness of the observer. Even physical matter
has an aspect of its nature which is non-local, transcendent and conscious.
Conscious, intelligent biological life forms, whether on earth or from some other planet, have physical
realities as well as spiritual realities; all have the potential to manifest physically and spiritually in a multitude
or ways. Pure mind, or unbounded consciousness, is innate to all such life forms and is the ultimate highest
common denominator which all life shares; it is essentially non-local, and is not bound by the constraints of
time or space, but can manifest in time-space reality.
Beings which do not have biological bodies (so-called astral or spirit beings) are also conscious, intelligent
entities, and as such can interact with other conscious life forms, both biological and otherwise. On rare

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3194, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
occasions they can even effect a physical manifestation. Once again, the highest common denominator
linking these beings with other life forms is that of unbounded consciousness, or non-local mind.
The universe consists of both linear and non-linear, or transcendent, aspects which, while seeming
paradoxical, simultaneously exist at every point in time/space and non-time/space. From this point of view,
every point in time and space exists in every other point in time and space, through the quality of non-
locality.
The concept of God, or of a Universal, All-Knowing Being, is enhanced and not diminished by the
recognition of the vast multiplicity of life in the universe. The glory of God is magnified by the recognition of
the infinite diversity and limitless scope of life in the cosmos.
So how does intelligent life in the universe actually manifest? While keeping the above concepts in mind, let
us now review this diversity of life and how they may present to our various inner and outer senses.
CATEGORIES OF INTELLIGENT LIFE FORMS
BIOLOGICAL: TYPES
Humans - Intelligent, higher life form existing initially in a biological body and native to earth.
Extraterrestrial Life Forms - Intelligent, higher life forms existing initially in a biological body and native to
various planets other than earth.
Planetary Life Forms - Non-anthropomorphic intelligent beings identified with an entire planetary body; for
example, the earth as Gaia, an intelligent, awake being that is the entire planet earth, as a living organism.
Other planetary bodies, as well as solar and galactic bodies, are thought to be individual conscious
organisms as well.
Other Biological Life Forms - On earth, organisms such as dolphins and cetaceans which are thought to be
highly intelligent and yet non-human; theoretically, other planets may possess corollaries to these non-
anthropomorphic intelligent biological life forms.
BIOLOGICAL: MANIFESTATIONS/PRESENTATIONS
(This listing describes how biological intelligent life forms may present or be perceived by both inner and
outer senses)
• Physically, that is in physical bodily form, with or without spacecraft
• Technologically, that is via radio, TV, and advanced systems involving technological interface with
mind/thought (advanced ET technology)
• Mentally, via telepathy, lucid dreams, or other direct mind interface
• Astral Body Projection, that is the presentation of a human, ET or other biological life form in its
subtle, non-biological component; this may be perceived by another biological life form in either
waking state or while asleep in a dream state.
• Causal or Thought Body Presentation; that is the perception of another biological life form in its most
subtle individual aspect, the thought essence 'body', which may be projected without either biological
or astral body components.
Pure Mind/One Mind; the ultimate state of oneness; any conscious life form may be experienced or
perceived as pure, unbounded mind; by definition, every conscious life form is essentially non-local,
pure mind and may be so perceived
TYPES OF EXPERIENCES AND ABILITIES OF BIOLOGICAL LIFE FORMS:
• Physical Senses - Sight, Hearing, Smell, Touch, Taste

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4421, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Physical Capabilities - Movement/Motion, others with and without technological augmentation
• Mental Abilities, Traditional - Thought, ideation, creativity, visualization, memory, sensory perception
and recognition, others.
Non-Local Mental Abilities (Non-Traditional) - These involve recognition and utilization of the non-local
aspects of both mind and matter:
Telepathy - The ability to send and/or receive thought from one intelligent being to another.
: Precognition - Since the subtle, non-local aspect of mind is not bound or limited by time or space,
any intelligent higher life form capable of being aware of awareness can access via non-local mind
probable events of the future; note that any such precognition is less than 100% certain because
events in the 'present' affected by free will may alter the probability of future events.
'Postcognition' (See precognition above)- The ability to perceive via non-local mind distant past
events not personally experienced by the perceiver; this ability permits the perceiver to see events
dating back in time indefinitely, since non-local mind can access past as well as future points in the
time/space linear continuum.
• Remote Viewing (or Remote Sensing) - Here defined as the ability to see via non-local, unbounded
mind distant events in space, either in real time or in the past or future (see Precognition and
Postcognition above). In real time the remote viewer can perceive distant places in potentially great
detail through the faculty of non-local mind
Dream State Abilities - While in the dream state, a higher intelligent life form may experience
Precognition (precognitive dreams), Postcognition (postcognitive dreams), Remote Viewing and
Lucid Dreaming (defined as when the dreamer is conscious, awake and self-aware in the dream and
may affect the events of the dream).
• Celestial Perception - Perception involving both physical biological senses and higher conscious
sensing which enables a being to perceive aspects of both physical and non-physical realities in their
most subtle and refined aspects; the perception of 'auras' is one simple example of this.
• Intuitive Knowing - The ability to know detailed and reliable information and insights via non-local
mind and so-called inner knowing, without the aid of conventional outward means of knowing. For
example, a life form may perceive a plant ant intuitively know its specific medicinal utility.
• Non-traditional Healing Abilities - a life form may demonstrate healing of self or another life form by
way of non-physical and non-technological means, either remotely, or in person. These abilities and
modalities are diverse and may include mind/body interactions, subtle astral body/body interactions
and others.
Levitation (non-technological) - The annihilation of gravitational influences via subtle mind
interactions with either a body or other material objects. This is possible because both mind and
matter have subtle, non-local aspects which can interface with each other and effect phenomena
such as levitation.
• Telekinesis - The ability to move an object through observable space via interface between subtle,
non-local mind and a comparable aspect of an object. For example, a life form may mentally lift a
chair and move it across the room without any traditional physical or technological assistance.
• Teleportation - The ability to move or manifest an object a substantial distance via non-local mind
and the non-local aspect of matter, which negates the linear aspect of space. For example, a life
form may teleport a jewel from one continent to another using this ability.
• Transmutation (Non-Technological) - The ability to convert one material object to a different element
or object using the subtle interface of mind and non-local matter. Note that this may also be achieved
technologically.
• Bi-location - The ability to manifest a body, or object, in two or more points simultaneously in the
time/space continuum. For example, a life form may appear simultaneously in tow or more places at
the same point in time. A related 'bi-timing' ability is the ability to appear in the same space in more
than one point in time (so-called time travel).
•
Materialization/Dematerialization (Non-Technological) - The ability of a life form to make manifest or
unmanifest a material object using the mind/matter interface. Note that this may also be achieved
technologically.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3496, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Out-of-Body Experience/Astral Projection - The ability to project at will the subtle astral, or light
body, to a point in time and space outside the biological body.
• Near-Death Experience - The experience of the transient separation of the subtle or astral body from
the physical biological body due to bodily illness or injury. May involve perception of the so-called
'next world' in a brief experience of the non-material, subtle aspect of the cosmos (usually astral but
advanced perceptions may involve the causal or pure thought realm).
AND MANY OTHERS...
Note that all of the above abilities are innately possible in both human and extraterrestrial life forms.
Whether or not they are actually manifesting in a culture is dependent upon that culture's degree of evolution
and the focus of the culture. The significant point here is that by virtue of being conscious, awake and
intelligent, such life forms, be they human or otherwise, can potentially develop and experience all of the
above capabilities.
It is also important to remember that each of these abilities can be achieved through material technological
augmentation of innate mental abilities, or totally achieved by technological advances alone. Many
advanced extraterrestrial technologies appear to be 'magical' to us because they utilize aspects of both mind
and matter which are currently beyond a quantifiable understanding by current human science. Ironically, for
this reason certain so-called primitive peoples who have remained in touch with the mysteries of non-local
mind and matter may comprehend ET technologies better than western scientists.
NON-BIOLOGICAL INTELLIGENT LIFE FORMS
Adding to the complexity of the universe is the existence of realms, dimensions, aspects (call it what you
will) of the cosmos which are entirely non-linear and non-material, as we currently define it. This 'part' of the
cosmos is actually more vast and complex than even the physical material universe, and no cosmology can
Because this aspect of the cosmos can interact with the physical one (and with both humans and
extraterrestrials who live in biological bodies), it is important for us to consider it and account for how it may
resemble and differ from the diverse manifestations and abilities of humans, Ets, and other biological life
forms mentioned above.
TYPES OF NON-BIOLOGICAL INTELLIGENT LIFE FORMS
Astral or Light Beings
of earth origin, that is, deceased previously biological humans
of non-earth origin, either deceased ET biological life forms, or those originating from the causal or
astral realms
Causal or Thought Beings (those existing primarily as 'thought bodies')
• of earth origin (that is deceased biological humans)
• of non-earth origin (that is those who were previously biological ETs, or which originated from the
causal or astral realms)
Note that non-biological beings, whether previously human, ET, or originating from a non-biological source
can appear to biological life forms in a myriad of ways, including in waking state, dreams, meditative states,
etc. Depending on the culture, degree of evolution, and degree of acceptance of non-material beings, these
entities may be known by a number of terms and be seen to fulfill various roles. A partial listing would
include:
• Ghosts or spirits
• Spirit guides or angels
• Archangels
• Ascended enlightened beings (Avatars, Prophets such as Christ, Krishna, others)
• Planetary Nature Spirits (known as Devas in Vedic tradition)
• Animal Spirits

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 642, "chars": 4195, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• and others too numerous to list
TYPES OF EXPERIENCES AND ABILITIES OF NON-BIOLOGICAL LIFE FORMS
Essentially, all of the experiences and abilities, and perhaps others, listed under Biological Life Forms
pertain to these non-biological life forms, except that they interface less frequently with the world of matter
since they primarily exist in non-material realms. However, they can and do interact with the material aspect
of the cosmos from time to time, as evidenced by various anomalous events such as materialization and
poltergeist activity. Certainly there are numerous accounts of interactions with the human mind and spirit,
and also with ET minds and spirits.
When analyzing the multitude of possible experiences humans can have, it is important to have a
cosmological understanding which is broad enough to comprehend the diversity of the cosmos. Otherwise,
we will be unable to discern the distinction between an anomalous manifestation of extraterrestrial
technology and an unusual manifestation from the astral or causal cosmos.
APPLES, ORANGES AND STARDUST
The foregoing in no way is an exhaustive treatment of the question of a comprehensive cosmology; such a
task would compose one if not several books. But as an overview it brings us to a very important question
about our main focus here - the extraterrestrial presence. The universe, being filled with both biological and
non-biological intelligent species, presents a special challenge to anyone attempting to understand the
extraterrestrial peoples currently visiting earth, due to the areas of phenomenological overlap between quite
different types of beings.
For example, a non-biological astral being may appear to manifest in ways similar to some advanced ET life
forms. However, the ET life forms may be using a very advanced technology, which superficially (or even
essentially) looks like a non-biological entity. Would a hologram projection of a person not be interpreted by
a 17th century human as a ghost? And what of live satellite TV video conferencing? For that matter, what of
the simple flashlight? Absolute magic!
For this reason, and others, a cosmological crisis has dominated the ET/UFO question for several decades.
Mind you, this has been helped along by deliberate disinformation and psychological warfare programs of
certain covert groups (more on this later). The result has been a mixing of apples, oranges and stardust -
calling them all one thing.
This perhaps is a predictable and natural result of a tumultuous world encountering new and perplexing
phenomena. We are reminded of the movie "The Gods Must Be Crazy", where a small plane flies over a
remote and primitive area of Africa and one of the occupants drops a Coke bottle out of the window. This
item becomes an item of great mystery, conflict, and supernatural meaning and power to the indigenous
people who find it. While the movie is a comedy, it contains an important, relevant message: Are we now
behaving like the finders of the Coke bottle?
For example, may observers of the ET/UFO phenomenon conclude that the extraterrestrial spacecraft are
actually not at all physical or material because they can at times simply "disappear". Magical?
Interdimensional? Or could the ET technology simply allow the craft to go from hovering to several
thousand miles per hour (or even beyond light speed) in one instantaneous quantum acceleration? The
neural pathways of the human eye are incapable of tracking an acceleration of this magnitude, and so the
object appears to simply "disappear".
In fact, there are three main factors contribute to this cosmological confusion. First, as mentioned, there is
the innate nature of advanced extraterrestrial technology, which is so far advanced from anything we can
even imagine that it appears 'supernatural' rather than just super technology. There are laws of the universe
which we have not even begun to ask questions about in our scientific community on earth, and which are
not only understood, but have been applied in advanced technologies by ET civilizations. For this reason (as
well as good old fashioned scientific arrogance), even rigorous scientists are inclined to dismiss certain

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 648, "chars": 4431, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
aspects of the extraterrestrial phenomenon out of hand, or regard it as 'not real', supernatural, superstitious,
elc. l
Consider the development of consciousness-assisted technology (CAT). For example, rather than using
keystrokes to enter data on a computer, one might simply think the command. The computer has been
preprogrammed to recognize and accept your thought signature. A number of witnesses have seen
extraterrestrials doing just that on board a spacecraft. Impossible? Magic? Nonsense? Be careful! A very
human scientist at UNLV named Dean Radin is working on a so-called 'psychic switch' which is precisely
what is described above. How far along this path might advanced extraterrestrials be?
The flip side is technology-assisted consciousness (TAC). Here, specialized machines assist the function of
mind, thought or consciousness. A basic example is the Monroe Institute's Hemisynch tones, designed to
assist the development of deep states of relaxation, expansion and, eventually, heightened powers and
abilities. A more advanced application, though bizarre to modern scientists, is the ET's ability to use certain
technologies to communicate with each other and with humans telepathically. There are literally hundreds
of cases from diverse and credible people worldwide describing this.
In the case of extraterrestrial civilizations, the ability to communicate at speeds exceeding that of light
becomes an essential technology. To quote the Moody Blues, "thinking is the best way to travel". Why?
Because it is instantaneous. So it really should come as no surprise that starfaring peoples would have
developed thought communication rather than using radio waves. There are many cases of witnesses
seeing a spacecraft who think something like, "oh, I wish that thing would come back this way so I can get a
better look!" Suddenly, the craft changes direction and comes right over to the person. The high accuracy of
such two-way exchanges would indicate that these craft and their occupants have technology, which indeed
interfaces with their thoughts and those of other life forms.
TAC may also be utilized by the extraterrestrials in teleportation, telekinesis, remote viewing and even
higher states of consciousness. Once the nexus between mind and matter, and mind and space/time is
clearly understood, the potential applications are almost limitless, and boggle the imagination.
The reason the question of advanced extraterrestrial technology is important to this discussion of
cosmological confusion must be obvious by now. Very advanced technologies of extraterrestrial civilizations
may appear similar or identical to other so-called paranormal phenomena. To discern one from the other
requires insight, knowledge, patience and, above all, experience.
For example, people with 'classic extraterrestrial abduction experiences' who undergo hypnotic regression
may subconsciously fill in details, especially to please a hypnotist with strong bias towards retrieving alleged
memories of extraterrestrial abductions. So - is it real or is it Memorex?
Great care must be taken when dealing with the human mind, or we will confuse those aspects of the new
cosmology, which have clear areas of overlap, such as non-biological intelligent life forms, humans and
extraterrestrials.
A UFOlogist may jump to the false conclusion that the person who experiences a spirit or astral being almost
as a hologram in the waking, dream or meditative state, has been visited by an extraterrestrial. But wait. A
more holistic cosmology as outlined above would allow us to consider that it may have been a spirit guide,
angel, another living human who project his/her astral body into the bedroom, a deceased relative, a
hypnogogic hallucination, OR a technological or mental projection of an extraterrestrial into the room.
The point is this: If you don't know about or accept the diversity of possibilities, you are very likely to
misinterpret the phenomenon.
Similarly, many people experience a myriad of unusual phenomena
(PLEURAL) but they will be considered as only one phenomenon (SINGULAR). The result is the mixing of
apples, oranges and stardust. Adopting and understanding a truly holistic cosmology will greatly assist us in
avoiding this confusion. But even then, because there are areas of profound overlap where one
discernment is possible. Otherwise, how will we differentiate between a spirit being an advanced

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 4327, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mind/matter interaction effected by extraterrestrial technology? Or, for that matter, from human technology
and experiences?
And this brings us to the third contributing factor to cosmological confusion: Human covert programs
designed to confuse, mislead and deceive society on the extraterrestrial question. It must be remembered
that covert human attempts to back-engineer extraterrestrial technology have been going on for over 45
years, and more than a little headway has been made. Additionally, certain covert cells within military and
intelligence agencies have been working on electronic and psychic techniques which are highly invasive,
very specific and operationally effective. These technologies are much farther along than most could
imagine. The real capability exists to deliberately mimic an extraterrestrial technology and events for the
purpose of disinformation.
We have been briefed by trusted members of the military regarding "non-lethal defense" and related fields.
They have confirmed to us that psychoelectronic technologies exist, off-the-shelf, which can target an
individual or group and remotely make them have a personal conversation with their personal God. And
they would so believe it was real, they would pass a lie detector test.
CONCLUSION
This is a wake-up call. The simple approach of taking all anomalous experiences on face value is not only
unscientific, it is immensely dangerous. Technologies do exist which can induce personal and collective
experiences which appear ET/UFO related, but which are really quite human.
Like past plutonium
experiments on humans and germ warfare tests on civilians, these 'experiments' are real, black budget
activities which have been developed and perfected over the last 30-40 years. Electronic and implant
technologies, all human, exist which can induce a very convincing 'abduction' event. The clustering of
abduction experiences around military installations, and the presence of unmarked, black, electronic-filled
helicopters near so-called abductees' homes is no coincidence.
The public has been misled, and the civilian UFO research community have been quite victimized by these
special projects designed to deceive, mislead and, above all, disinform the public on the extraterrestrial
The "Body Snatchers" fix on the extraterrestrial presence is driven by a complex plan to convince
the public that there is "...an alien threat which we must all unite against and fight..."
Do not be deceived. The future of life on earth, and our emerging relationship with extraterrestrial
civilizations may depend on our eyes being open.
The relevance of covert human activities to cosmological confusion must not be underestimated. Human
awareness on the subject of extraterrestrials has been manipulated, played like a harp, by those who would
hide the real gold under a mountain of fool's gold. Events which look, feel and sound like extraterrestrial
ones may in fact be a part of a deception of very human origins. And if we do not at least consider the role
of covert disinformation programs in our list of cosmological options, then we will be doomed to misidentify
and misinterpret many of these events.
The human factor which adds to cosmological confusion is not limited by covert activities. There is the usual
array of misperceptions, hallucinations, delusions, wannabees, false memory syndromes, hoaxes, scientific
arrogance and general human egotism. All of these contribute to a collective cosmological indigestion which
is in dire need of a cure. And acknowledging the problem is the first step to healing.
Extraterrestrial
civilizations. Humans. Non-biological life forms. The cosmos is a complex, diverse and fascinating place.
Or Non-Place? Ultimately, education and, above all, experience, will guide us on this journey. For if we are
to set sail over this vast ocean, we are in need of a rudder, a compass and a few journeys along the near
We must join together to gather our knowledge and experience, and with courage and resolve set sail first
along the shoreline, then farther from shore and then into the vast and limitless ocean of inner and outer
space. For we are not at the end of time, or of history, but rather we stand on the threshold of unbounded
possibilities, a time when all that we may dream together will come to pass.
