{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:23:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 930817, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18647-hustler-magazine-november-2005.pdf", "source_sha256": "75a527b483f998bae3aee3d1d275d6ac7534b1fed0582a49b1f0fd4603623ed8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 894, "chars": 5492, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOs: WHAT THE
GOVERNMENT REAL
FOR MORE THAN 50
INFORMATION
ABOUT
YEARS,
SHADOWY GOVERNMEN
EXTRATERRESTRIALS AND TH
• 1998, Dr. Steven M. Greer resigned his post as Chairman of
What's going on with the UFOs? It didn't take
Emergency Medicine at Caldwell Memorial Hospital in North Carolina
long for Clinton to realize, says Greer's friend,
to spend all his time and energy on exposing a massive corporate-
that he had a much better chance of completing
government coverup of extraterrestrial contact that's been kept under
his term if he followed his own "Don't ask, don't
wraps for decades. Why does this matter? It's not so much the dozens of
tell" policy.
deceased aliens secreted at Fort Huachuca in Arizona, Greer says, or even
In 2001, Greer held a press conference at
the supersecret radionic technology that look the life of his assistant and
which many witnesses came forward, but it
two colleagues and nearly killed him, It's not even the prototypes of UFOs
was eclipsed by 9/11. Since then he's gathered
that roam the Southwest's friendly skies, looking so much like real E.T. craft
more insiders willing to reveal what the gov-
that it's hard to tell the ditterence. (Your tax dollars at work.)
emment won't. So if you're tired of hoiding
What's important, Greer insists, is that if the government came clean
DR. STEVEN M. GREER
hands with the Saudis, or you think it's time
with what it knows about E.T. technology, we could upgrade the planet. Not
Earthlings had access to that cool antigravity technology that allows
only would we wean ourselves off oil and other fossil fuels, but we could
UFOs to dodge our
weapons (most of the time), check out
sorap nuclear power and implement clean, cheap, safe energy that any
DisclosureProject.org.
country or culture could afford. One problem: That might weaken or topple
"It's about your pocketbook, not about little green men," says Greer, who
the corporate-government power structure that controls our fuel and ener
wants to replace fossil fuel and nuclear power with the advanced energy
gy systems, mass-produces war weapons and keeps a tight rein on the
systems used by E.T's. Where do you get that? "Just ask the govern-
global economy. So how to shine a light on a shadowy consortium that pro-
ment" Greer replies. "They've had it for 50 years."
mates war while fostering scarcity, making gas prices astronomic?
Washington may not want to listen, but we certainly do.
Based in Crozet, Virginia, Greer's Disclosure Project has carvinced hun-
dreds of insiders, including military brass and CIA ops, to defy nondisclosure
pacts. They've coughed up documents (some still classified) and signed tes-
timonials. Greer's got it all-—in fact, he gave Peter Jennings's producers
access to these bombshell revelations for the ABC special on UFOs that aired
last spring. But as the good doctor found out, you can't give this stuff to the
mainstream media and expect it to air on prime time. "They won't let us do
it" a senior producer told Greer by phone. "I said, Who's they?" " Greer re-
calls. "And he said, "Dr, Greer, you know who they are. And click, he hung up."
So why not get these documents to the President of the United States?
Been there, done that. "Hillary and Bill spent hours poring over them," Greer
claims a close friend of the Clintons reported, adding that when Clinton took
office, he wanted fwo questions answered: Who killed Jack Kennedy? and
HUSTLER: When did you see your first UFO?
DR. STEVEN M. GREER: Back in the early 1960s, when I Was eight or
nine, Some neighborhood boys and I saw a diso-shaped, windowiess object
that hovered, silent, then simply vanished. My parents said, "That's very
nice" and ignored it, but I knew what Td seen, and it was life-changing.
What made you leave medicine to focus on the UFO coverup full time?
In 1990 1 leamed that NATO and the Belgian Air Force were tracking an
enormous triangular craft-about 800 feet in diameter-and it reignited
my interest. I went there and actually saw the F-16 fighter jet radar tape of
a massive UFO hovering, then accelerating at several thousand miles per
hour-—way outside the envelope of what any man-made object could do.
Have you seen a UFO at close range?
My research team and I had one of these massive triangles come
down right over our car. it was vibrating on top and sounded like an enor-
mous transformer a deep, low-frequency hum. The most dramatic thing
we've seen is a near-landing in England, in 1992, where we had a 100-
foot diameter disc in front of us about ten feet above the ground, signal-
ing and communicating. There were people on board.
Has your team ever established contact with an E.T. spacecraft?
In the early 1990s a BBC recording crew picked up a series of beeping
tones (from a UFO]. We recorded that, and we fed it back out. For all we know,
it's their trash compactor, but we figure that if they see humans sending their
signal back to them, they'll identify it as communication, in Pensacola, Flor-
ida, we signaled [a UFO craft) with high-powered lights and lasers— and they
signaled back to us! We have this on videotape. We go to areas where these
objects nave been seen; so were not just sitting in our backyard.
Are UFOs hostile?
There's not a shred of evidence that these UFOs or the life-forms be-
Background: UFO photographed over Canada's Vancouver Island in 1981. Photo courtosy McRoberts/Fortean Picture Library,
52
Unexplained glowing lights over Salem, Massachusetts, in 1952.
HUSTLER NOVEMBER

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 948, "chars": 5881, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Exclusive Interview
by Jean-Noel Bassior
LY KNOWS
ABENCIES HAVE SUPPRESSED
UGE OF ET TECHNOLOGY.
hind them are a threat or hostile to us. There is a lot of evidence that some
rogue military projects have done foolish and dangerous things that have
been aggressive toward them.
Has the government concealed E.T. vehicles and bodies?
They have several dozen extraterrestrial vehicles and dozens of deceased
[E.T) life-forms of various races. Some are stored in an underground facili
ty near Fort Huachuca in Arizona.
Are secret programs developing E.T. technology?
Yes. We can prove, through the testimony of dozens of witnesses, that
there have been covert programs that have studied and figured out the ener-
gy and propulsion systems behind UFOs. We're talking about a whole new
type of physics that would enable humans to generate energy from what's
called the "quantum vacuum"
How does this energy work?
There's a baseline level of energy that's in all the space around us-not
outer space, but the space in this room.
It's estimated that every cubic centimeter
of space has enough energy to run the
entire Earth for a day. This can be tapped.
Some scientists are trying to Tabricate
motors that extract energy from the quan-
tum vacuum, the energy that surrounds us.
You mean the space between atoms?
Correct. The "zero-point" energy. I've actually seen one of these [devices)
working. Of course, the inventor has been threatened. Dr. Eugone Mallove,
who was murdered in May, and I were working on this. I'm carrying it for-
ward, but it's high-risk. For more on Dr. Mallove and cold-fusion technolo-
gy. check out PureEnergySystems.com.
How close are we to harnessing this energy?
We're fairly close. There are people with "proof of principle? things, but no
products for sale yet. Right now we're working with an inventor who has cre-
ated energy from this quantum vacuum in the hundreds of watts range
enough to run several things in your home. We can also demonstrate the anti-
gravity effects of high-voltage systems under certain controlled experiments.
An electronic field makes something fairly weightless, Were working
with a man who's done very advanced antigravity work. The colonel who
classified it is willing to declassify it for us to take forward.
You've made an object weightless?
We've seen this done in a lab. The
technologies for tapping this energy
ill Baily
Berori
have already been fully developed
RAAF Captures Flying Saucer
On Ranch in Roswell, Region
within rogue and covert programs.
Lockheed Skunkworks has enormous
ships zipping around that are [pow-
ered by] antigravity. A lot of the
UFOs sighted in the high desert of
California and Utah are actually man-
The front page of the Roswell
Daily Record, July 8, 1947.
made prototypes.
ASPUTRBLE WITNESSES:
"WE ARE NOT ALONE!
*I am an American astronaut and trained scientist. Because of my posi-
tion, people in high places confide in me.. The stories I have heard
from these people, who are more highly qualified than me to talk about
UFOs, leave me in no doubt that aliens have already visited Earth"
— Edgar D. Mitchell, Apollo 14
astronaut and sixth man to step on moon
*A saucer flew right over (us) and landed out on the dry lakebed. The
cameramen] went out with their cameras fowards the UFO, I had a
chance to hold the film) up to the window to look at it. Good close-up
shots. There was no doubt in my mind that it was made someplace
other than on this Earth"
-Gordon Cooper, projects Mercury and Gemini astronaut
*The UFO was bouncing around the 747(3 Japan Airlines cargo plane
flying over Alaska].... Well, I've been involved in a lot of coverups with
the FAA. When we gave the presentation to the Reagan staff, they had
all those people swear that this never happened. But they never had
me swear it never happened. I've got a videotape. I've got the voice
tape. I've got the reports that were filed."
-John Callahan, former Division Chief of
the FAR's Accidents and Investigations Branch
"Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly con-
cerned about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many
citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense. Ta
hide the facts, the Air Force has silenced its personnel.?
—Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter,
GIA director during Truman Presidency
"Colonel Holomon brought out a piece of what appeared to be metal-
lic debris. He explained that this was material that had come from a
New Mexico crash in 1947 of an extraterrestrial craft." Known since
as the Roswell Incident.]
—Retired Brigadier General Stephen Lovekin,
UFO advisor to President Dwight D. Eisenhower
*The flight) simulator was for the extraterrestrial craft they had —a
30-meter one that crashed in Kingman, Arizona, back in 1953 or 1952,
... I was inside the actual alien craft for a start-up.... There are prob-
ably two or three dozen [fiying saucers) that we built... The alien used
to come in with [Dr. Edward] Teller and some of the other guys to han-
die questions we'd have.... They would tell him to look at this and see
what we did wrong"
-Bill Uhouse, former jet-fighter pilot who worked on
the reverse-engineering of E.T. technology
*UFOs are both extraterrestrial and man-made.... It's not that our gov-
ernment doesn't want us to know that there are other people on other
planets. What the people in power don't want us to know is that this
free energy is available to everybody. So secrecy about the UFOs is
because of the energy issue. When this knowledge is found out by the
people, they will demand that our government release this technology,
and it will change the world"
-Dan Morris, former radar operator for
National Reconnaissance Office
The above testimony was excerpted from Disclosure: Military and
Government Witnesses Reveal the Greatest Secrets in Modern History
by Steven M. Greer, M.D.
NOVEMBER HUSTLER

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1095, "chars": 6733, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Brazilian goverment recently released this image of a flying
saucer havering over Almirante Saldanha in 1958.
Who eise is making these phony UFOs?
The companies involved are SAIC (Science Applications International
Corporation): TRW; Northrop, Raytheon and EG&6 We have enormous
intelligence on this. I know the buildings where this stuff is going on. This
needs to come out so people know the truth.
Does our tax money support these secret programs, or are they
privately funded?
Both. There's private, corporate funding as well as what's called "black
budget" sources. I met with Senator Robert C. Byrd's staff in 1994 His
senior investigator and chief counsel for the Senate Appropriations Com-
mittee, for which he was chairman at the time, told me that this stuff was
real, (out that they could not penetrate this black world dealing with
UFOs. At that time between $40 billion and $100 billion a year was going
into these projects, and they could not trace the money.
Why are these programs kept secrel?
Fossil fuel and the nuclear power industries would be made redundant
by these technologies that very elegantly extract energy from the quan-
tum vacuum, or "zero-point" energy field, We have a S7 trillion part of the
world economy dealing with fossil fuels and conventional transportation.
If this information comes out--aside from people realizing that wete not
alone in the universe they'll quickly see that we don't need oil, coal or
central utilities. It's all about maintaining the homeostasis and status quo
of the world macro-economic and power dynamic.
How would zero-point energy transform the global economy?
It would replace everything. You wouldn't need oil, but the 530 trillion-
a-year global economy would quickly grow to $200 trillion because there'd
be clean, sustainable energy, and manufacturing and transportation would
be very inexpensive. Eighty percent of the world's population lives in amaz-
ing poverty, and it would lift that. it would revolutionize the planet People
talk about the "peace dividend," but it's time for a space dividend."
Who's hiding these advanced energy systems from the public?
The entity that runs this stuff is the world's largest RICO (Racketeer In-
fluenced and Corrupt Organization). They used to be called MJ-Majes
tic-12—but the last term I heard was Pl-40, It's not one society. There are
sweeping conspiracy theories about the Masons, Bilderbergers, Trilateral
Commission and Council of Foreign Relations. I know people in all tese
entities, and most of them couldn't find their ass in a well-lighted room.
It's much more prosaic and nuanced than that.
Why do they feel threatened?
It would decentralize power. Right now the centralized financial and oil
system is so integrated with the way the world runs. We have testimony
about what the agenda is from people who've been on the inside.
Who's in this covert group?
There's a committee of 200 to 300 people who are on the policy board
HUSTLER NOVEMBER
for this issue. Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, who went from head of the
National Security Agency is the buard of SAIC- Which is one of the crown
jewels of this covert entity is a member So is Admiral Harry Train
George Bush St, Cheney and Humsteid are invoived, as is the Liechtenstein
banking family. The Mormon corporate empire has an enormous interest in
this subject: they have much more power than the White House or the
Pentagon over this issue And there are secret cells within the Vatican.
Have you met with any of these people?
There are factions within this group, and f've met with same of the "good
guys." People think it's a monoftle conspiracy, but they're wrong AbOUt 40%
to 50% of people involved in these supersecret projects want this stuff out
They know were running out of time anvironmentally and geopolitically
They see that we're rünning out of oft, China is industrializing, and the
polar ice caps are melting. And they know that if this advanced ET tech
nology] was announced today, It would take tan to 20 years to get it into
widespread application to avert an economic, strategic, geopolitical and
environmental catastrophe. They see that and want to fix it, but they're still
a minority. They te more enlightened, but Es the ribless ones who rule.
Was CiA Director William Colby involved at some point? Was his
"accidontal" death in 1996 connected to your work?
Bill Colby was defecting from the supersecret group, and he was
assassinated because he was going to transfer some hard technolo.
gies-operating devices-and 550 million in funding to us. He knew that
with my kind of willpower and connections, I would have gotten that out
to the word. He was found floating down the Potomac River the week he
was going to meet with my closest triend. They made an example of him.
In fact, Colby's best friend, a colonel who set up the meeting, said it
was absolutely a hit Even his wife said on CNN, "You know, it was
strange, because he would never go out canoeing in a flooded, rain
swollen Potomac River at night and leave the house open and the cof
feemaker and the computer on. That's not like Bill Colby at all"
Colby's widow stopped short of calling it murder.
Someone may have said, "Play along, or your children are next? 1 mean,
these people are thugs.
Has your life been threatened?
[Around the time Colby was killed, my right-hand assistant, a member
of Congress who was working very closely with us and myself all got a
deadly type of cancer in the same month-different kinds, I don't talk
about this publicly much becalise people say, "Come on!" But it absolute-
ty can be done, it was done, and everyone died but me, I was devastated,
and it took me 18 months to recover.
You're saying the UFO-coverup conspirators can target people from
a distance and produce cancer?
Yes. Di. Tom Bearden's books about the scalar electromagnetic wea-
pons systems explain how longitudinal waveforms can be a carrier wave
for this kind of thing. They can get it down to a call, to your DNA. It's all res:
onance. We've had this technology since the 1950s.
Do you have witnesses willing to step forward and reveal what
they know about this massive coverup?
We have about 450 military and government "Insiders" who have been
present during rather undeniable events, including the study of these ener-
gy and propulsion systems.
Do you have documents?
We have a number of smoking gun documents, including a wiretap of
Marilyn Monroe the day before she died, which has never been declassi-
fied. She was threatening to hold a press conference to tell the world
what Jack Kennedy had told her during pillow talk about having seen deb-
ris from an extraterrestrial vehicle at what the document calls a "secret
air base" She was murdered for this.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3145, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Why isn't the mainstream media covering thist
The biggest problem is the media. If a congressman
starts looking into this, they get pilloried and ridiculed by the
media. There's a cIA document from 1991 that clearly states
that the Agency had contacts or resources at every major
media outlet to kill, spin or stop stories. It's a canard that we
have a free press. Also, people can't wrap their minds
around it. A former editor at the Boston Globe told me, "This
is just too far-out. And even if it's true, we'd never run it
because it's associated with tabloids and the lunatic fringe"
And yet these people put 24/7 coverage on what I call
*the blowjob heard round the world. And I can say that
in HUSTLER. The media will spend millions for satellite
trucks and onsite reporters to cover freak shows like the
O.J. Simpson or Michael Jackson trials.
Why is the UFO issue so urgent?
It's about how we live our lives Aside from cleaning up
the environment, it (E.T. technology) extricates us from our
dependency on oil, gets us out of that Middle East mess
and saves the average American household thousands of
dollars a year in heating, utilities and gas for their cars
And, globally, it frees up enormous amounts of economic
potential. This would be the tide that raises all ships.
How do you keep going in the face of so much
mainstream resistance?
It's a sort of Promethean challenge Lawrence Rocke
feller once told me, It's wonderful that you're doing this.
and it's so important. But I'm afraid you're going to be the
court jester, that people won't take this seriously" And I
said, "Well, we at least have to try"
How will you publicize your information?
We're moving on two fronts. One is technology, work:
ing through SEAS [Space Energy Access Systems, Inc.|, al
SeasPower com. That's the corporate side for the technol
ogy and research wete doing. The second is identifying
funding support for the next phase a much larger press
and media presence with new witnesses, particularly
those involved with advanced technologies.
The limiting factor has been funding it I were to claim
aliens had raped me, Id have a multimillion-dollar movie
deal. Doing something serious, there's hardly any money
available. They talk about morality and who's fucking whom,
but real morality is being concerned with these issues.
What do our extraterrestrial visitors want?
I think they're waiting for us to grow up and quit de-
stroying Earth and each other. That may be the entry re-
quirement for joining the interplanetary club, and we're just
not there yet. That's the big challenge for the human race.
Are you hopeful about the future?
I'm very hopeful. In fact, I have no doubt that the out
come will be peaceful, that these technologies will com
pletely rehabilitate Earth's fortunes and environment, and
eliminate poverty. And it will happen in our lifetimes. But
the question is, how much madness has to go on between
now and then?
Jean-Noel Bassior has written for Redbook, Parade
and other publications. The lifelong sci-fi fan's book
Space Patrol: Missions of Daring in the Name of Early
Television has recently been published by McFarland. Cer
