{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:24:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 310246, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18649-griffin.pdf", "source_sha256": "187262e75ee333a563f16968288607c195df9e954cc5c9dece67fbbe21539f19"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2402, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The following is an extract from the lecture given by Admiral Sir Anthony Griffin to the Maritime Division of
the Southampton Institute, Warsash, UK as part of the symposium on the Impact of New technology on the
Marine Industries, September 1993.
Water As Fuel
ABSTRACT
The earth's main sources of non-solar energy are fossil fuels, which cause severe pollution and cannot last
indefinitely; nuclear, which is capital intensive, and whose waste disposal is problematical; tidal and wind
schemes which are inefficient; and thermal and hydro installations which are efficient but lack flexibility and
require major capital investment.
An alternative is water (salt, fresh or distilled) as a cheap and inexhaustible source of global energy which
has none of the foregoing disadvantages.
The theoretical evidence in support of the relevant technology is
briefly described and related to the first and second laws of thermodynamics. Practical evidence is
illustrated and the impact of this revolutionary development on the marine industries, with ships floating on
their own fuel and thus having no need for either bunkers or ambient air, is indicated.
Much wider and global implications for the environment, industry, defence and political stability are
discussed.
INTRODUCTION
In 1972, the Royal Navy examined how the Fleet should be fuelled when current fossil fuels become too
scarce, say in the year 2030. They concluded that the fuel of the future was hydrogen but since the gas was
not normally available in usable form, it would have to be extracted through either electrolysis of water or
nuclear fusion. Neither appeared to be immediately practicable. Electrolysis needed more power than that
of the hydrogen it yielded and was too slow a process to meet the demands of an internal combustion
engine. This meant that it would have to be stored in either liquid form or in a fuel cell, both of which
involved substantial weight or safety problems. Nuclear fusion appeared to be too distant and expensive an
alternative.
This position remains the current generally accepted view of hydrogen as a fuel. It has not however,
deterred numerous investors from producing, for example, over 100 hydrogen fuelled cars in the USA, at
least 12 in Germany and 3 in the UK. The latest is Japan's Mazda HRX car and its Wankel engine shown
here.
Hydrogen
Intake Port
Timing
control
valve
Air
Intake
Valve
00000O

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3635, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This car was described in June 1992 to the 9th World hydrogen Energy conference in Paris. Here the
papers referred only to various aspects of hydrogen generation through electrolysis, or its storage or its
subsequent application. It is worth recalling that in April 1988, the starboard engine of a three-engined
Tupolev 255 airliner was modified to run on hydrogen which was seen to be embarked in liquid form from a
fuel bowser. The aircraft flew for about twenty minutes on its hydrogen powered engine which showed no
exhaust except a trail of water vapour.
pollution at the scene of action. However, the pollution problem has merely been transferred to the source of
the power required to drive the electrolytic process.
PRACTICAL DEMONSTRATIONS
Many practical demonstrations of Water Fuel Cell technology have already been made and more are
planned. Most of Meyer's patents were filed under a particular clause of the US Patent Regulations which
requires a claim to be demonstrated before it can be granted.
The 1980 Patent
The first and probably the most frequently demonstrated patent is based on the actual equipment used in
1980 to support Meyer's claim for his hydrogen fracturing process. I have now personally witnessed it 4
times.
In outline, the apparatus consists of 9 concentric stainless steel cylinders, with about a 1 mm gap between
them. They are 14 inches long and are effectively waveguides. They are immersed in tap water contained
in a glass vessel. The top of the vessel is normally gas tight but has a pressure gauge and a valve to allow
gas to pass to atmosphere when required
Electrical power with opposite polarities is applied in pulses to the inner and outer cylinders and at a power
of 10 watts, i.e. 5 volts at 2 amps. A considerable quantity of gas immediately accumulates in the top of the
vessel and, within 10 seconds, reaches a pressure of about 10 pounds per square inch.
When the valve is opened, a jet of cold gas can be felt, but on this being lit with a match, the temperature
instantly rises to about 3000°F and the flame burns through a stainless steel wire in about 2 seconds. The
glass vessel and its attachments remain at room temperature throughout, thus ruling out any normal
electrolytic process. Plainly, the generation of such a quantity of gas and its immediate application at such a
high temperature, demands more than 10 watts of electrical energy. Furthermore, as the stainless steel
cylinders have not noticeably been consumed over several years, the balance of the energy required can
only come from the zero-point energy in the water. Meyer points out that all the parameters involved in this
demonstration have been deliberately de-optimised, e.g. 5 volts instead of 20,000 volts and 2 amps instead
of 0.5 milliamp, 14 inch tubes instead of an optimum of 27 inch tubes, etc. in order to allow the principle of
the water fracturing process to be demonstrated without risk of explosion.
The 1985 Dune Buggy
In 1985, a dune buggy powered by a standard 1600 cc Volkswagen engine was modified through Water Fuel
Cell technology to run on water fuel. It was a breadboard quality experiment which was successfully
demonstrated as broadcast on American TV and reported in the press. A video tape record is held by
London University.
The 1993 Dune Buggy
This will be the first demonstration of a complete system, manufactured to a pre-production standard as a
conversion kit for a typical car. The rig is designed for powers up to 400 hp and, in production, Meyer
expects to market it for $1500. The date has yet to be settled, but is expected to be within the next 2 months
in Ohio.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 577, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Hyperdrive Portable Demonstrator
This project is under consideration as a convenient means of demonstrating how zero-point energy can
impel water without any moving parts as shown here.
NEGATIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
LINEAR VOLTAGE
WAVE-GUIDE
TRAVELING CONSTANT
ELECTRICAL VOLTAGE WAVE
POSITIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
RESONANT CAVITY
MOVIN
LINEAR CYLINDRICAL RESONANT CAVITY
NEGATIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
POSITIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
NON-LINEAR VOLTAGE
WAVE-GUIDE
TRAVELING EXPANDING
ELECTRICAL VOLTAGE WAVE
RESONANT CAVITY
NON-LINEAR CYLINDRICAL RESONANT CAVITY

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 573, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KYPERDRIVE ZPE IMPELLED WATER DEMONSTRATOR
VATE
ILLE
CAP
SIZE 8"x8"x2" approx
STAINLESS STEEL TUBE
NON-INTRUSIVE
FLOW METER
NEGATIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
TRAVELING EXPANDING
ELECTAICAL VOLTAGE WAVE •
POSITIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
NOW-LINEAR VOLTAGE
WAVE-GUIDE
RESONANT CAVITY
NON-LINEAR CYLINORICAL RESONANT CAVITY
ASSOCIATED EQUIPMENT
VOLTAGE INTENSIFIER CIRCUIT
ELECTRON EXTRACTION CIRCUIT
2 EVOLT BATTERIES
THE THEORY OF WATER FUEL CELL TECHNOLOGY
This begins with the basic structures of hydrogen and oxygen atoms and how they are combined in the
water molecule.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1981, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NUCLEUS
(PROTON) \
NUCLEUS
PROTONS)
ELECTRONS
ELECTRON
"YACUUN"
K shell
L shell
Figure 5. The Hydrogen Atom
Figure 6. The Oxygen Atom
Note the orbital paths of the electrons and their 'shells'; the magnetic polarity of an electron and a nucleus;
and the space occupied by the so-called vacuum.
OXYGEN ATOM (-)
NUCLEUS
(PROTONS )
ELECTRONS
ELECTAICAL
ATTRACTION
FORCE
+1
+8
"YACUURI
a
a
COVALENT
ELECTRONS
9
HYDROGEN ATOM (+)
+1
)
HYDROGEN ATOM (+)
Figure 7. The Water Molecule
Note the presence of the two hydrogen electrons in the 'L' shell of the oxygen atom. These are known as
the covalent electrons which are bonded in position by considerable electrical force. In the case of normal
electrolysis, the energy needed to break these bonds and produce separate hydrogen and oxygen atoms
from water, is roughly three times the energy of the hydrogen released. It is thus a highly inefficient process
because of the considerable amount of waste heat which is generated.
The energy extracted from water by the Water Fuel Cell derives from two distinct, but virtually simultaneous
processes. The first is the hydrogen fracturing process which dissociates the hydrogen gas from the water
molecule. The second is the electron ionisation process which enhances the explosive energy of the gases
released.
THE HYDROGEN FRACTURING PROCESS
The basis of this process is the subjection of the water molecule to very high voltage (20,000+) pulses at a
particular frequency and within positively and negatively charged voltage zones at a very low current of less
The effect is to attract the negatively charged electrons towards the positive voltage zone and the positively
charged nucleus towards the negative zone. The electron orbital path is changed from a circle to an ellipse
and this, coupled with the effect of pulsing, causes such electrical stress on the molecule that the covalent
bonds between the hydrogen and oxygen atoms are broken and the two gases separated. Thereafter, they

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2633, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
require substantial energy to be applied before they can be recombined. Because the current is so low, very
little heat is generated. It is worth noting that, weight for weight, hydrogen contains about 2.5 times the
energy of gasoline and the latent energy in the hydrogen content of a pint of water amounts to over 9 million
joules, or enough to run a 1KW heater for 2.5 hours.
UNIVERSAL
ENERGY FATH
NEGATIVE
VOLTAGE ZONE
POSITIVE
CHARGED
NUCLEUS *
nU
ABSORBED
LASER ENERGY
POSITIVE
VOLTAGE ZONE
DEFLECTR
ST'
nU*
PHOTON ENERGY
INJECTION
WATER BATH
CHARGED ELECTROTYE
CABITAL
ELECTRON!
VOLTAGE INTENSIFIEI
HACUIT
Figure 8. The Hydrogen Fracturing Process
EXPLOSIVE ENERGY ENHANCEMENT
Two distinct questions arise over explosive energy enhancement. First, where does the additional energy
come from? And second, how is it to be obtained and controlled?
The answer to the first question is the so-called vacuum within the electron shells. For many years this
vacuum was regarded as a void. But James Clerk Maxwell, in his 'treatise on Electricity and Magnetism'
published in 1873, pointed out (vol 2 pages 472 and 473) that the vacuum in fact contains a considerable
amount of energy. Subsequent work bears this out and it is now generally accepted that the vacuum is in
fact seething with energy which has variously described as, for example, 'universal energy, gravity field
energy', or 'zero-point energy'. John Archibald Wheeler of Princeton university, a leading physicist who
worked on the US atomic bomb project, has calculated that the flux density of zero-point energy is of the
order of 10 °3 grams per cm?.
… It is also recognised that the state of this so-called "sea of energy" is chaotic
Hence it needs to be "engineered" or made coherent before it can be translated from a microscopic to a
macroscopic state. In other words, it requires special treatment before it can be tapped and controlled for
normal external use.
Various answers, mostly theoretical, have been given to the second question. recent examples include liya
Prigogine's book 'Order Out of Chaos' which describes the work which won him the Nobel Prize for
Chemistry in 1977, Moray B. King's 'Tapping the Zero-Point Energy', Dr. J. Huber's paper 'Phenomena of the
Free Energy in Nature and technology', John Davidson's 'the Secret of the Creative Vacuum' and, from the
Kansas State University, Gary L. Johnson's 'Electrically Induced Explosions in Water'. Some 30 supposedly
practical devices have been made or suggested over the past 80 years, but although some have been
demonstrated, none has been developed or engineered to a pre-production standard.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3363, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Meyer's Water Fuel Cell technology stands out as the only apparent exception. It has encountered deep
scepticism but no argued rejection. Indeed, an increasing number of scientists and engineers in the USA,
Europe and Asia, accept the technology and are prepared to invest in it on the basis of current evidence. A
practical demonstration is in fact due to take place within the next few weeks, based on a fully designed
system, engineered to a pre-production standard and fitted to a running 'dune buggy'.
The technical basis for Meyer's extraction and control of zero-point energy lies mainly in the effect produced
on an atomic nucleus by continuation of the same high voltage pulsing that causes the dissociation of the
The nucleus consists of one or more positively charged protons bound together with a
number of neutrally charged neutrons. The electrical effect of the electron pumping action mentioned earlier,
causes an annulus to appear in the middle of the nucleus. The zero-point energy is drawn through the
annulus in a helical motion and in so doing, becomes coherent and hence a usable source of energy. The
voltage dictates the size of the annulus, and hence controls the energy obtained. Since the basic structure
of the atom is retained, no alpha or gamma radiation occurs. The effect might be illustrated by a bath full of
water. So long as the plug is in place, the water remains still and apparently powerless. However, when the
plug is removed, the water swirls away with a helical motion down the plug hole and, under the influence of
gravity, forms a powerful jet which can be directed to do work.
Meyer further stimulates the energy yield by injecting laser energy into the ionised water vapour. A diagram
of the energy enhancement system is shown in Figure 9.
•1
HYDROGEN ENERGY BALANCE
THE NOY PUMPINE ACTION
OXYGEN ENERGY BALANCE
Figure 9. Explosive Energy Enhancement
The hydrogen tracturing process and the energy enhancement of the gas occurs almost simultaneously
within the fuel injector. This, in an internal combustion petrol or diesel engine, replaces an existing spark
plug or diesel fuel injector, and the output is ignited by a high voltage pulse on entry into the cylinder.
Consequently, the hydrogen does not have to be stored and the fuel tanks of land or air vehicles contain
nothing but water. Vessels floating on water need no fuel tanks. The system is thus not only extremely safe,
but also inexpensive. Meyer has quoted the in-production cost of a conversion kit for a 1600 cc Volkswagen
engined car as $1500 (1993 $ values).
THE WATER FUEL CELL AND THE FIRST AND SECOND LAWS OF THERMODYNAMICS
The Water Fuel Cell technology encounters a credibility gap because it appears to run counter to the long
established laws governing our interpretation of Nature. Some people therefore reject the Water Fuel Cell
because it appears to be un-natural and just one more spurious claim for perpetual motion. In fact, the water
Fuel Cell is entirely natural. It merely demonstrates a new and revolutionary way of harnessing what nature
has always had on offer. It does not infringe the two main laws of thermodynamics, i.e.:
THE FIRST LAW: "The total energy of a theromdynamic system remains constant although it may be
transformed from one form to another." In the case of Water Fuel Cell technology, the system is global. The

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2336, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
energy required to drive the engine comes from the zero-point energy contained in the water, a virtually
inexhaustible source. The exhaust from the engine is water vapour which returns to the atmosphere.
THE SECOND LAW: As originally formulated by R. Clausius in 1865, this law states that "The entropy of the
World strives towards a maximum". As recently formulated by Prigogine and Stengers, this law "contains
two fundamental elements: (1) a negative one that expresses the impossibility of certain processes (e.g.
heat flowing from a cold to a hot source) and (2) a positive, constructive one. It is the impossibility of certain
processes that permits us to introduce a function, entropy, which increases uniformly and behaves as an
attractor for isolated systems". It is at maximum when the system is in equilibrium. Non-equilibrium is the
source of order and brings order out of chaos. Since Water Fuel Cell technology postulates non-equilibrium,
it can be said to be supported by the positive element of this Law.
THE VEHICLE SYSTEM
The system starts with a normal 12v car battery and a tank full of water (salt, fresh or distilled). Under
computer control, the Voltage Intensifier Circuit is energised by the battery to generate high voltage pulses at
a very low current, <1 milliamp, the voltage being responsive to the throttle. Simultaneously, water and
ambient air are mixed into a water mist which is injected with laser energy and fed to each fuel injector.
There it is subject to high voltage pulses which, virtually simultaneously, lead to the separation of the
hydrogen and oxygen gases, and the explosive energy enhancement. A special high voltage pulse, applied
at the exit of the fuel injector, ignites the gases as they enter the cylinder. The system is outlined in figure
WATER
SOURCE
Hydrogen
re-use
RESONANT
CAVITY UNIT
LASER
INJECTION
VOLTAGE
INTENSIFIEA
CIRCUIT
WATER RECLAIM
UNIT
HYDROGEN
FRACTURING
PROCESS
Tron sater
ELECTRON
EXTRACTION
CIRCUIT
Exhaust feedback control
HYDROGEN
INJECTOR
SYSTEM
I/C ENGINE
MFC
ELECTRICAL
GENERATOR
D.C. BATTERY
SOURCE
START
SWITCH
Figure 10. WFC System Schematic for a Car
The Fuel Injector. This highly innovative development accounts for the compactness of the vehicle
adjustments to be made through a newly designed universal computer. A schematic diagram is shown here:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 2090, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INLET CHECK VALVE
TRAVELING ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE WAVE
VOLTAGE WAVE GUIDE
HIGH VOLTAGE
INSULATION MATERIAL,
CERAMIC OR QUARTZ *
NOZZLE PORT
POSITIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE PROBE
THERMAL EXPLOSIVE
ENERGY
RESONANT CAVITY ZONE
QUENCHING CIRCUIT
WATER DISTRIBUTION
CAVITY
ACTIVATION PROCESS
NEGATIVE ELECTRICAL
VOLTAGE ZONE
WATER FLOW
APPLICATIONS
General. In its current state of development, which is to a pre-production standard of engineering, the Water
Fuel Cell technology can provide a safe, economical and pollution free source of universal energy for all
internal combustion petrol or diesel engines of up to 400 horsepower. In addition, it can be readily adapted
to gas turbines (both marine and aerial), to desalination plants, home heating boilers and industrial furnaces
A Dublin food processing company is now, with Irish Government support, manufacturing a water-fuellec
furnace under licence from Meyer. When Water Fuel Cell technology reaches its full production stage,
Meyer intends to market a range of conversion kits.
Given some conventional engineering development, Water Fuel Cell technology could be applied to very
much higher powers, such as electricity generating plants (both fossil and nuclear fuelled), slow speed
diesels, and space rockets.
In all these cases, energy would be in the form of hydrogen, obtained from the dissociation of water, coupled
with zero-point energy itself through energy enhancement. Meanwhile, Meyer has a further development in
hand which he calls "hyperdrive"
HYPERDRIVE
This new development does not require the generation of hydrogen and its subsequent combustion. It
applies the energy, made available electrically from high voltage pulsing of the zero-point energy field,
directly to the generation of a water jet. It does not require an engine and has no moving parts. The power
level is governed, as before, by the applied voltage. Direction is controlled by feeding the jet through
manoeuvring nozzles such as those fitted to the Harrier vtol aircraft and to space rockets. It is therefore of
special significance to marine transport.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 550, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AUTHOR'S BIOGRAPHY
Admiral Sir Anthony Griffin was a regular executive officer in the Royal Navy for 42 years, the last 5 of
which were spent as Controller of the Navy with responsibility for the development and construction of all
new surface ships, submarines, aircraft and weapons. Retired from RN in 1975 to become first Chairman of
British Shipbuilders from 1975 - 1980; President of the Royal Institution of Naval Architects 1981 - 1984, and
founder member of the British Maritime League and the British Maritime Charitable Foundation in 1982.
