{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-29T11:19:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 366715, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18653-haines-paper.pdf", "source_sha256": "228d9080de163c2b7acd93f018fcbbef516044c4dec3d73d54412102fbdf70ed"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 161, "chars": 1190, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aug 19
01 01:23a
p. 1
Journat of Scienufio Exploration, Vol. 1. No. 2, pp. 139-147. 1987
Pergamon Press pic Printed in the USA.
0892-3310/87
$3.00+.00
©1988 Sociery for Scientific Exploration
Analysis of a UFO Photograph
RICHARD F. HAINES
325 Langton Avenue. Los Altos. CA 94022
Abstract-This report reviews various investigative activities and analyses
surrounding a photograph of a purported unidentified flying object (UFO)
taken on October 8, 1981 at about 11:00 a.m. local time on Vancouver
These analyses suggest that the disc was a three
limensional object located at a distance of at least 30 feet from the camera
the object's surface albedo was diffuse and of lower luminance than sunlit
cloud. Extensive interviews with the photographer (who never saw the acrial
object), her husband and daughter and site survey tended to support th
entire narrative account. The identity of the disc object remains unidentifier
Introduction
Contrary to common belief there are many photographs of alleged UFOs. Of
The Photograph and Negative
The author received a color negative strip of two frames. The higher num-
bered frame showed a small child standing in front of a fireplace inside a
129

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3232, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aug
19
01 01:23a
p.2
136
R. F. Haines
Density calibration was carried out using a Kodak ND step wedge spanning
the densities on the negative. Greatest optical density (brightest positive image)
was approximately 0.65 to 0.7 login ND and was found on the sunlit cloud
This is equivalent to about 12,500 ft-L luminance. Figure 5 is a vertical scan
through the disc's two brightest areas using the micro-densitometer. The tracing
peak marked T represents the upper-most (dome) bright area and B represents
the lower area of brightness on the front edge of the disc. This scan line is
shown in Figure 6 which is an enlargement of the disc's image. Points T and
B both have optical densities of about 0.55 to 0.6.
Optical density of the blue sky on the negative is shown in Figure 5 and
has a value of approximately 0.4 logo. The gradual slope of this dencitometry
tracing is due to the progressive sky brightness increase from the zenith to
the horizon while the smaller amplitude deviations are due to single and
grouped film grains.
Of particular note is the fact that the brightest area on the disc was of lower
brightness than the cloud by approximalely 0.15 logio unit. According to a
physics handbook (Allen, 1963), a smooth, polished silver surface reflects
(within the visible spectrum) increasingly higher percentages of incident ra-
diation with increasing wavelength. An average reflectance value of about
90% is found. Polished aluminum reflects about 85% regardless of wavelength
of the incident radiation; this is also true for nickle (reflectance of about 60%),
silicon (about 30%), and steel (about 54%). This comparison of dark areas on
the negative suggests that the surface of the disc is very likely not a polished
surface of any of the above metals. If direct sunlight has a brightness of about
750,000 ft-L and a 90% reflectance is assumed for the disc's surface, the
brightest area should produce a brightness of about 675,000 ft-L which is
more than an order of magnitude greater than what was found on the negative.
A horizontal scan using the micro-densitometer also was made to see if
there was any evidence of a double exposure. A double exposure might be
indicated by the presence of double edges if the film registration is not precisely
the same during a manual rewind. No such evidence was found. In addition,
this camera could not take double exposures due to its frame locking
Black and White Enlargements on Different Wavelength Sensitive Paper. The
disc area of the negative was enlarged and printed on panchromatic film
which provided a relatively complete and undistorted translation of the three
primary colors in the negative into shades of gray. This is shown in Figure
7(a). The top "dome" protruberance is clearly visible. The same area on the
negative also was printed at the same enlargement using blue-green sensitive
paper which significantly reduces the contribution of the red emulsion layer
to the final black and white print. This is shown in Figure 7(b). The blue-
green sensitive paper increases the overall brightness of the sky and causes
the "dome" area on the disc to almost disappear. Apparently, the dome is
not reflecting or emitting radiation in the red end of the spectrum.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 226, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
esa

Aug 19 O1 O1

137

UFO photograph

‘QdELU! SIP YPNOIY] UBS FRITLGA IB]BWOTISUaP-OIAA! “¢ “BI4

Tritico —=46 ee eee
aap bee zibtiis arawaaban
tere aaa saa

bom thee

i
wate ame de ees et 3

tre Aral tee oe
an ieee Pee a)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1466, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aug
19 01 01:24a
p. 4
143
R. F. Hames
Fig. 9. Black and white enhancement with undistorted contrast.
tain from the local horizontal was 3.117 feet while the elevation of the pho-
tographer's position was 984 feet above mean sea level.
Although the Provincial park was located within an area cleared of'evergreen
trees, second growth timber extended from the base of the mountain almost
to its top. After inspecting the site it was clear that there was sufficient flat
ground to have flown a model airplane or thrown a Frisbee into the air.
Neither the photographer nor her husband admit to doing this. There are no
buildings or stores within a radius of 15 miles of this spot. The photographer
does not remember passing any vehicles on the morning she took the photo
other than a few logging trucks with loads of logs.
Credibility ofthe Phorographer
In cases such as this it is essential to establish the credibility of the persons
involved. Mrs. D.M. (age 26) was the photographer. She was accompanied
by her husband (age approximately 30) and their 18 month-old daughter and
* Both Mr. and Mrs. D.M. stated that there were no other persons at the Provincial park before.
during, or while they were leaving the camp site. The large open area would have afforded a wide
and unobstructed view of the surrounding terrain had there been someone else there. They also
stated that no sounds were heard from the direction of the mountain while they were at the camp
site.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 166, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Aug
19
01
01: 24a
p. 5
UFO photograph
143
Fig. I0. Color enhancement of disc image using a green filter.
Fig. 11. Color enhancement of disc image using a red filter.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3311, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aug
19 01 01:25a
p.6
UFO photograph
145
the family dog. The family was on their way to visit her sister at Holberg.
located at the northwest tip of Vancouver Island. Mrs. D.M. was an outgoing.
pleasant person with a casual interest in UFOs. Inspection of their home did
not indicate any interest at all in the occult, the psychic realm, or related
subjects. Mr. D.M. worked at the lumber mill in Campbell River. Neither
person claimed to have read any books specifically on UFOs. but had seer
the movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind. The husband was an avic
When asked what they had done immediately after noticing the disc on
the photograph (some 18 days later on October 26, 1981), Mrs. D.M. replied,
"Well, we didn't know what to do. Eventually we showed it to our neighbors
and Mr. and Mrs. M. St. (husband's parents)." Mrs. D.M. phoned the Ca-
nadian Forces Base at Comox in mid-November 1981 concerning their pos-
sible interest in seeing the photograph. She ". . . just wanted to see if they
were interested in it and if they knew anything about what the object could
be." An air force representative (allegedly) said they were not interested in
viewing it, but did take her name and address. It was not until the summer
of 1982 that the family travelled to Vancouver, B.C. bringing one 4" X 5'
color print with them. They visited the Vancouver Planetarium and spoke
with the Director, David Dodge who called in David Powell who was interested
in UFO phenomena. The couple were pursuaded to lend the original negative
to them to make enlarged copies. The negatives were delivered to Mr. Powell
in June 1982 and were returned to Mr. and Mrs. D.M. on January 28, 1983.
These dates may be significant since they suggest that the photographer was
willing to wait a long time before pursuing an explanation for the disc-like
image on her photograph. If this event had been a deliberate hoax it is more
likely that some overt action to capitalize on it might have been taken soon
after the disc had been discovered and not almost a year later. Of course this
The author found the photographer and her husband to be middle-class,
hard-working people. Their property was well kept. Nothing could be found
which pointed to a deliberate hoax. Both displayed genuine puzzlement about
the origin of the disc on the photograph. Mr. and Mrs. D.M. were not detensive
nor did they ever attempt to cover up anything as far as could be determined
or example, when asked if he owned a Frisbee, Mr. D.M. said yes and locater
t immediately for the author's inspection. It was a 9" diameter, dull black
"Professional FIFI model." He claimed to have been proficient in throwing
it in the past, but had not done so in some time. There was no indication
that some type of dome-like structure had been attached to it. The suspicion
lingered throughout the investigation that a Frisbee or other similar object
had merely been tossed up into the air and photographed. It became important
to learn more about the subject of Frisbees and their "flight" qualitics.
While it is true that Mr. and Mrs. D.M. have had color enlargements made of their photograf
id have sold some, this was done as a courtesy to their friends and to others who wrote askit
for copies. Almost no profit has been made from the sale of these photographs.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2890, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aug
19 01 01:25a
p. 7
146
R. F. Haines
A Review of Frisbee Characteristics
Three topics are briefly reviewed here (a) surface characteristics, (b) flight
records in competition, and (c) subtended angles and related distances. The
author consulted with a person' who had previously worked for a well known
manufacturer of Frisbees. He explained the necessity of having a smoothly
curved leading edge at the circumference of the disc and tiny microgrooves
in the top surface in order to create a lifting force during its spinning flight.
He suggested that the addition of a dome-like structure to the top would
probably reduce or destroy this aerodynamic lift. The author (later) proved
that this was indeed true. The author also contacted various toy stores to
inspect various Frisbee models. A total of seven different models were in-
spected. All possessed a glossy (specular) outer surface. Most had reflectances
of about 80% or less. Of the six models produced before 1981, only lwo had
paper labels, the other four® had colorful embossed drawings centered across
the top surface.
Men's and women's world records for throwing Frisbees were obtained
from the International Frisbee disc Association (IFA). This organization has
hosted tournaments which have become qualifying events for the World Fris-
bee Championship. It was discovered that the men's outdoor distance record
is 166 m (540 feet) and the women's record is 122 m (397 feet). These records
were set in 1983 and 1980, respectively and are meant only to indicate the
general range of human capability for this skilled activity. The men's world
record for maximum time aloft is 15.5 seconds (1981); the women's record
is 11.4 seconds (1980).
The linear width of the disc's image on the negative was 0.98 mm. The
width of the 36 mm frame was equivalent to a horizontal angle of 48°. The
useful ratio can be formed:
36/48 : 0.98/X
where: X = the angle subtended by the disc. This angle is 1.307°. Therefore,
Tan 1.307/2 = 0.0114 = (W/D)2 where: W = the assumed object width and
D = the separation distance between the camera and object. Letting W = 9
inches, D = 32.88 feet which exceeds the hyperfocal distance. If the disc object
was 10 or 50 feet in width it would have been 438 feet or 2,192 feet from the
camera, respectively. And if the dise had been hovering directly over the
mountain (i.e., 7,580 feet away) it would have been 173 feet in width.
Assuming that the camera shutter speed was 1/125th second and the disc
image was produced by a typical Frisbee travelling at 10 feet per second, a 9
inch diameter disc moving normal to the line of sight would move 0.96 inches
in his duration. Approximately 9.3% of the Frisbee's diameter would show
up as a blur on the leading and trailing edge of the Frisbee's photographic
6 I wish 1o thank Mr. Gordon Holt for this professional assistance in this phase of the analysis.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aug
19 01 01:26a
p.8
UFO photograph
147
photographer was (a) looking through a camera's optics and (b) was not ex-
ecting to see anything hanging motionless in the air
It is highly unlikely that the object photographed was a commercialiv avail
able Frisbee. There are significant top surface contour differences berween a
Frisbee and the photographed disc. This was shown by a careful comparison
of photographs of a Frisbee model with scale dome oriented the same as the
photographed disc and illuminated by sunlight under the same angular con-
ditions. The surface reflections were markedly different in each case. In ad-
dition, the presence of the tiny, concentric micro-grooves on all Frisbees would
not be expected to yield a sharp contrast gradient as is seen in Figures 7(b).
8, and 9. When the author attached a light-weight dome to a Frisbee it would
not fly very far nor very high. It is problematical whether another person
could have achieved such a feat. The author inspected the framc immediately
following the frame in question and found that it had been taken in Campbell
River following the trip north. The immediately preceding frame was also
located. It showed Mr. D.M. and their daughter standing in front of a small
pond at the Provincial park on the day the photograph had been taken, exactly
as stated by the photographer. If someone had tossed a model up into the air
In summary, this investigation has shown that a mature adult with high
credibility and little or no interest in UFO phenomena obtained a single
colored, sharp imaged photograph of an unidentified aerial disc-like obiect
Her subsequent reactions to seeing the disc's image on her photograph pro-
duced surprise and dismay as well as the normal array of "answer-seeking"
behavior. She has not capitalized on having such a photo' and still acts some-
what embarrassed at having taken it without seeing the disc. The disc's identity
has not been identified to date.
References
Allen, C. W. (Ed.). (1963). Astrophysical quantities. London: The Athlone Press.
Eastman Kodak Co. (1980). Kodacolor Il film specifications (Publication DS-I1). New York:
Haines, R. F. (1978). UFO drawings by witnesses and non witnesses: Is there something in common?
Haines, R. F. (1979). What do UFO drawings by alleged eyewitnesses and non-cyewitnesses have
in common? In R. F. Haines (Ed.), UFO phenomena and the hehavioral scientist (chapte
2). Metuchen, NJ: The Scarecrow Pres:
Kodak Co. (1973). Understanding graininess and granularity (Publication F-20). New York:
Neblette, C. B. (1965). Phorographic lenses. New York: Morgan and Morgan, Publishing
' See footnote 5.
