{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-29T22:51:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 446548, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18659-keay-1952.pdf", "source_sha256": "24b8002ed94b674074b3d73a7fdced18553b578ec7563fc3d910272f843b8690"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 2047, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO
MR. A. H.
YONT
TE:
July 29, 1952
FROM:
SUBJECT:
FLYING SAUCERS
PURPOSE:
To advise at the present tine the Air Force has
IToc;
falled to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion in
its research regarding numerous reports of flying saucers are-
flying dises sighted throughoui the United States.
DETAILS:
I. Philos, the Bureau's Air Force Isa Beumgath
Representative, made arrangements through the office of.-
Lajor General John 4. Sanford, Director of Air Intelligence, y
U.S. Air Force, to receive a briefing from Commander Randall.
Boyd of the Current Intelligence Branch, Estinates Division,
Air Intelligence, regarding the present status of Air Intelligence
research into the nunerous reports regarding flying saucers
and flying discs.
Commander Boyd aduised that dir Intelligence has
set up at fright Patterson Air force Bare, Ohin, the dir
Technical Intelligence Center nrich has been established sor
the purpose of coordinating. correlating and naking research
into all reports regarding flying saucers and flying disos.-
He anuised that dir Force research has indicated that tre
sightings.
os. flying.
saucers goes back several centuries and
that the number of sightings reported vartes with the arount
of publicity, He advised that immediately 19 publicity appears
in newspapers, the number of sightings reported increases
considerably and that citizens immediately call in reporting
sightings which necurred several months previously. Cornander
Boyd stated that these reported sightings of flying saucers
are placed into three classifications by dir Intelligence:
Those sightings
which are reported by citizens pho
claim they have seen
flying saucers from the ground.
sightings vary
da description,
color and speeds.
Tery little credence
is given to these sightings
inusmuch as in most
instances they are belteved to be
Imaginative or sone enlainable object which actually
crossed through the sty.
(2)
fiohtinos reported di cormercial or military
pilnts.
These sightings rre considered aore credible
ECT 7: 5
NET: AKE
67-83894-286
- 55 -

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2422, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by the Air Force frasmuch as commercial or military
pilots
are esperienced in the air and are not
erpected to see objects which are entirely fraginative.
In each of these instances, the individual who reporta
the sighting is thoroughly interviewed by a representative
of Air Intelligence s0 that a complete description of
the object sighted can be obtained.
for then there is tonal corported bon, Both and.
recording Du radar or sighting frox the ground.
Commander Boyd adulsed that this latter classification
the total nutto
constitutes two or three per cent of the total number
of sightings, but that they are the nost credible
reports recelued and are difficult to explain. sone
of these sightings are originally reported fron the
ground, then are observed by pilots in the air and ther
are picked up by radar instruments.
He stated that tr
these instances there is no doubt that these individuals
reporting the sightings actually did see something ir
the sty.
However, he erplained that these objects could
still be natural phenomena and still could be recorded
on radar if there was some electrical disturbarce to the
3 ку.
He stated that the flying saucers are aost frequently
observed is aréas where there is heavy air traffic, such as
lashington, D.C., and Neo York City. "He aduised, however,"
that
rome reports are received fron other parts of the country-
covering the entire United States and that sightings-have also
recently been reported as far distant as Acapulco, Metico;
korea and French Morocco.
He aduised that the sightings
reported in the last classification have never been satisfactorily
that these
explained objects may be a natural phenomenon or sone type
He pointed out, honcuer; that it is still possible.
of atmospherical disturbance.
He aduised that it is not
entirely impossible that the objects sighted ray possibly be.
ships from another planet such as Mars.
He advised that at
the present time there is rothing to
substantiate this theory
but the possibility is not being overlooked.
He stated that
dir Intelligence is fairly certain that these objects are not
chins or missiles from another nation in this world. Commander
loyi aduised that intense rescarch 1s being carried on presently
ly Mir Intelligence, and at the presert tine when credible
reportings or sightings are receiued, the dir Force 1s attempting
in each instance to send un jet interceptor planes irs order to
-2 -
-56-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 277, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
- ... .
price
obtain a better view of these objects. However, recent attempts
in this regard have indicated that when the pilot in the get
approaches the object it invariably fades fron ufew.
RECON EL DATION:
Nore.
The foregoing is for your information.
-
-
3
- 57-
Fak mont
