{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T09:32:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 81954, "source_ctime_ns": 1788373294299360789, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18685-media-play.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785537037380000000, "source_rel": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18685-media-play.pdf", "source_sha256": "873d65deb541539f01bea8b4aecda14021b99d933b9b70cf9b8cc94044f146a1"}

MEDIA PLAY

                                  By Steven M. Greer MD


Conventional Wisdom has it that we live in a free and open society with a free press,
which plays the role of a key check and balance on government secrecy and abuse. This
and other fantasies, foisted on a gullible public, have enabled runaway illegal secret
projects to get away with murder, and they are now on the verge of planeticide – the
killing of an entire planet.

The truth is that we have free media – so long as it is inconsequential. That is, freedom of
the press exists so long as it is exercised within a certain sphere of influence that does not
reach a critical mass of significance. Sure, you can say and write anything – so long as it
does not get placed in front of the masses in an honest way. The quaint notion of a free
press, serving as the Fourth Estate and watching vigilantly over the interests of The
People is one of the great lies perpetrated by the government, and by the corporate media
itself. Every insider knows this is a lie.

Big Media must be distinguished from the media in general, insofar as the former is
utterly corrupted and the latter is sequestered into spheres of limited influence and
significance. Mass retail media – the nightly news, CNN, The NY Times, The
Washington Post, Newsweek, Time and the like are less free on anything of real
significance than the media of many third world countries – or even communist China.

We know, because we have beta tested the system. (More on this later.)

The implications of this corruption cannot be overestimated. In the world today, the
corrupt, dumbed-down and controlled Big Media is the central reason for significant
investigations being killed, illegal secrecy persisting and major scientific breakthroughs
being suppressed.

Without the cooperation, compliance and corruption of Big Media, the shadowy
programs that keep the world burning could in no way prevail. In fact, when recently
asked by a member of Congress how these illegal operations persist and flourish, I had to
tell him it was the primarily due to the fact that Big Media give them a free pass.

Years ago, while at a gathering in New York City with Laurence Rockefeller and a few
other influential people in the city, Bob Schwartz, a noted journalist who had been on the
Board of Time Life (before it was Time Warner, or AOL Time Warner etc, etc) flat out
told me that the Big Media “…had become scribes taking dictation from the right hand of
the king…” rather than really functioning as a free press and the Fourth Estate. He
proceeded to tell me how he had given his friend Mike Wallace of CBS’ 60 Minutes a
number of government documents on UFOs, and that Mr. Wallace wanted to pursue the
story, but ultimately dropped it due to pressure from ‘somewhere’.
Now, Big Media will tell you that the UFO matter is closed, that the Air Force looked
into UFOs and ended Project Blue Book with a report from the Condon Committee that
essentially said there was nothing to study. This is one of the Big Lies and can be proven
to be so. But every Big Media outlet in the US holds to this line, notwithstanding
overwhelming evidence to the contrary – and the fact that we can now prove that Dr.
Condon himself corrupted the study and was on the payroll of the shadowy projects
keeping the matter secret!

Essentially, America has no free press of any significance when it comes to real
investigative reporting, government secrecy or serious technology breakthroughs dealing
with energy and propulsion systems that could replace Big Oil. The Big Media is
vertically and horizontally integrated into a large corporate and quasi-governmental
matrix of shadowy interests and corrupting influences. In no way is the major media in
America free, nor has it been for decades.

In the late 1990s I met with a senior reporter for the Washington Post, whose beat
included government, military and national security issues, who told me that he was
sitting on rather explosive files on a number of issues (hint: we were talking about secret
underground facilities and certain genetic experiments that are ongoing). When I asked
him when they would run that story he winked and said, “Oh Dr. Greer, you know that
nothing important is ever printed in the Washington Post. We will never print that kind of
story and, if anything, we will work to debunk it if it appears anywhere else…” When I
asked him, “Well what about the Fourth Estate – our free media being a check and
balance on government and extreme secrecy that is out of control?” he said, “You know
that doesn’t exist anymore…” We had a drink and went on our way.

Senior government officials, members of Congress and top Pentagon officials with whom
I have met have cited media infiltration, corruption and ridicule as the main reason they
steer clear of certain areas. Why look into super-secret UFO related projects if you will
only be shellacked by the Big Media as Senator Moon Beam?

Of course, many people in the media never look into these issues since they have blindly
accepted the party line and bought into the ridicule and disinformation surrounding the
subject. A lack of independent investigation, and a prevailing prejudice, prevents most
journalists from even giving a cursory look into these controversies. A senior editor for
the Boston Globe once told me that they would never run a story on UFOs “…even if you
put a dead ET on my desk…” since such topics were the stuff of the low-end tabloids. (I
guess 24/7 coverage of titillating details of sexual escapades and lurid murders are ok,
however.) Persistent ridicule and a glib dismissal of ‘conspiracy’ theorists and ‘UFO
believers’ are about as far as most journalists get. The facts are seldom investigated, and
on the rare occasion when they are, the story is blocked.


It is also an open secret that the intelligence community has infiltrated and used the
media for decades. What is not acknowledged is the extent to which the Big Media are
controlled by corrupt interests that are the antithesis of freedom. It is a pervasive problem
that is subtly managed very quietly, but anyone who has gotten close to the truth on a
really Big Story that these interests want kept secret know what happens.

Such journalists walk into the mother of all buzz saws, and learn very quickly how un-
free the Big Media really is. Into The Buzzsaw, with a foreword by Gore Vidal, is a book
that recounts the experiences of a number of journalists who came across a story that
‘they’ did not want out – and who found out how ruthless media suppression really is.

The crown jewel of secrecy is the collection of projects that deal with advanced
technologies, energy systems, propulsion systems – and UFO matters – that, once
disclosed, would end the need for oil, gas, coal or nuclear power. The corruption and
secrecy surrounding this issue is like none other – it is in a class of its own. The media
can only cover the subject either in a cavalier or dismissive way – or through direct
disinformation and ridicule. No honest investigative report has ever appeared, over time,
on this subject in any Big Media outlet – not in over 50 years of secrecy. Why?

Because they are not allowed to do it. And if they did, it would mark the end of their
career and possibly their lives. It is not an overstatement to say that I have spoken to
mainstream journalist who evince palpable fear when the matter is brought up.

Of course, because of sensational cases of ‘investigative reporting’ like Watergate,
Monica-gate and the like, the public believe the media is this fierce watch dog guarding
the interests of the people and courageously ferreting out the truth. If only.

Sure, Big Media can have 24/7 coverage of trivial matters like a President’s private sex
life (NEWS FLASH: Powerful men are known to have affairs and may even – gasp – lie
about it!). Or a bungled and clumsy break-in at the Watergate. But the really big stories
are never printed, the research is not allowed, and the truth is only whispered about
privately, and carefully.

Shills in the Big Media are the central reason why the truth about many matters of great
importance will never be told. Sure they will tell you about a titillating scandal, or about a
tax cut, or a bombing. But get close to stories related to real power, and these Big Media
hacks run the other way.

The proof?

In May of 2001, The Disclosure Project (www.DisclosureProject.org) held a major
international press conference at the National Press Club in Washington DC. Hosted by
legendary White House reporter Sarah McClendon, the event featured over 20 top-secret
government, military, intelligence and corporate witnesses to UFO events and projects.
No flakes amongst these: The witness testimony presented ranged from Brig. General to
Colonels to a top FAA official. The National Press Club ballroom was packed with media
from around the world and the event was – briefly – reported on CNN, BBC, Fox and
many other outlets.
This two-hour event was the most watched live press event on the Internet and eventually
over 1 million people saw the event on the net. We called for a full investigation into
illegal covert programs dealing with UFOs and covert energy and propulsion projects.
Congressional hearings were requested and the media were asked to fully investigate the
matter. Tens of thousands of people wrote members of Congress and the US President
asking for full, open, honest hearings at which some of the over 400 military and
government-connected witnesses identified by The Disclosure Project could testify. (The
reader may read the testimony of over 5 dozen of these witnesses in the book Disclosure
or view their testimony at www.DisclosureProject.org).

Interestingly, the first hour of the event was externally electronically jammed by
“someone outside the Press Club”, according to Internet hosting company Connect Live.
(Sources later confirmed that this was an electronic warfare jamming of the broadcast.)

Senior producers at two Big Media networks, who had been briefed in advance and were
planning major exposes in their newsmagazine programs, later told me that they were not
allowed to go forward with their investigations or broadcast the programs. When I asked
why, they simply said, “They just won’t let us do it.” And when I ask who are ‘they’, I
was told, “Dr. Greer, you know who they are…”

Indeed.

Here, smoking gun evidence, official government documents and dozens of credible,
corroborated, top-secret witnesses were presented to the world’s major media – and Big
Media did virtually nothing. On major stories, involving controversial matters, I am told
the New York Times requires three points of corroboration. Here, dozens were presented,
from men and women with impeccable credentials and high national security clearances –
and they were not anonymous sources, but presented with name, rank and serial number!
But the coverage was brief (just enough to allow for ‘plausible freedom of the press’, I
am told by insiders) and then quickly taken down. And no Big Media entity was allowed
to do serious follow-up investigations. And none have occurred up to this date.

Such ‘editorial discretion’ has been abused hundreds of times to keep big stories out of
the major media. People do not realize it, but we already live in an extremely controlled
and closed society that is micro-managed by an elite few – all the while looking populist,
democratic and open. As I write this a few miles from Thomas Jefferson’s home,
Monticello, I can feel him spinning in his grave…

Meanwhile, it is up to us to get the truth out, notwithstanding the overwhelming force and
corruption of the Big Media. It is almost too late – but not quite. With a Herculean effort,
we might yet get the facts out before the public before the control freaks run the entire
biosphere into the ground and we end up, Mad Max-like, fighting over the last barrel of
oil in endless oil wars.
Perhaps someone in Big Media will step up to the plate and do the matter justice. But
more likely, we need to identify a financial sponsor to start what I am calling “The
Disclosure Network” via satellite. With adequate funding, we could begin real
investigative reporting on issues that really matter - and renew the promise of a free
press.

Until then, spread the word and get the truth out. Ultimately, if the people will lead the
leaders will follow. Time is getting short for the corrupt corporate Big Media to regain its
role as the Fourth Estate. And the earth cannot take another 50 years of ecological abuse,
geopolitical instability born out of the injustice of poverty, and more oil wars. It is up to
us to change course and create the sustainable civilization necessary for peace. For
without peace there can be no future - and peace is impossible without truth, an open
society and justice. There is time to act, but we must act now.


Steven M. Greer MD
Director, The Disclosure Project
www.DisclosureProject.org
29 April 2004
Albemarle County, Virginia
