{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:31:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 242260, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18705-briefing-papers-prepared-for-outside-the-box-tech-theodore-loder.pdf", "source_sha256": "cf9636528e5fc95d14158d10c9f90518664107516d715a4661abe02ce3ccfc8b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 3122, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"OUTSIDE THE BOX" SPACE AND TERRESTRIAL TRANSPORTATION AND
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES FOR THE 21ST CENTURY
Theodore C. Loder, III'
Institute for the Study of Earth, Oceans and Space
University of New Hampshire
Durham, NH 03824
Abstract
This paper reviews the development of antigravity research in the US and notes how research activity seemed to
Historical Background
Townsend Brown's Technology of Electrogravitics'
In the mid 1920's Townsend Brown?
discovered
that electric charge and gravitational mass are coupled.
He found that when a capacitor is charged to a high
voltage, it has a tendency to move toward its positive
pole. His findings, which became known as the Biefeld-
Brown effect, were opposed by conventional minded
physicists of his time.
The Pearl Harbor Demonstration. Around 1953,
Brown conducted a demonstration for military top
brass. He flew a pair of 3-foot diameter discs around a
50-foot course tethered to a central pole. Energized
with 150,000 volts and emitting ions from their leading
edge, they attained speeds of several hundred miles per
hour. The subject was thereafter classified.
Project Winterhaven. Brown submitted a proposal
to the Pentagon for the development of a Mach 3 disc
Review of Issues From the 1950s
Once Brown's findings became well known, some
scientists began to openly speak about the flying
technology of UFOs, which had been observed
extensively since the 1940s. None other than Professor
Hermann Oberth, considered by some to be one of the
fathers of the space age, who later worked in the US
with Wernher von Braun, the Army Ballistic Missile
Agency and NASA, stated the following in 19543
"It is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that
they are space ships from another solar system."
Perhaps of more interest to our present discussion on
propulsion, he then stated that: "They are flying by the
means of artificial fields of gravity... They produce
high-tension electric charges in order to push the air out
of their paths, so it does not start glowing, and strong
magnetic fields to influence the ionized air at higher
altitudes. First, this would explain their luminosity...
Secondly, it would explain the noiselessness of UFO
We now know that he was fundamentally
correct in his assessment.
In 1956, a British research company, Aviation
Studies (International) Ltd. published a classified report
on Electrogravitics Systems examining various aspects
of gravity control. They summarized the pioneering
work of Townsend Brown and then described the use of
electrogravitic thrust as follows:
"The essence of electrogravitics thrust is the use of
a very strong positive charge on one side of the vehicle
and a negative on the other. The core of the motor is a
condenser and the ability of the condenser to hold its
Copyright © 2002 by Theodore C. Loder III. Published by the American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics, Inc. with permission. Originally presented at the 40" AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics
and Astronautics, Inc.) Aerospace Sciences Meeting and Exhibit, Reno NV. Paper number AIAA-2002-1131.
Minor revisions on December 28, 2002.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 856, "chars": 5704, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
charge (the K-number) is the yardstick of performance.
With air as 1, current dielectrical materials can yield 6
and use of barium aluminate can raise this considerably,
barium titanium oxide (a baked ceramic) can offer
6,000 and there is a promise of 30,000, which would be
sufficient for supersonic speed."4
In one of their conclusions, based on Brown's
work, they suggested that: "Electrostatic energy
sutficient to produce a Mach 3 fighter is possible with
megavolt energies and a k of over 10,000."5
In spite of Brown's solid research, they later stated
that, "One of the difficulties in 1954 and 1955 was to
get aviation to take electrogravitics seriously. The
name alone was enough to put people off." It seems
that is as true today as it was in the 1950s.
A report by another British company, Gravity
Rand, Ltd. in 1956, agrees with this assessment and
states: "To assert electrogravitics is nonsense is as
unreal as to say it is practically extant. Management
should be careful of men in their employ with a closed
mind or even partially closed mind on the subject.""?
However, a trade press magazine, The Aviation
Report, made
numerous references
to antigravity
projects and listed many of the companies pursuing
research in this area. Quotes from The Aviation Report
listed in the Aviation Studies (International) Ltd. report
are suggestive of what was going on behind the scenes.
In 1954 they predicted that: "... progress has been
slow. But indications are now that the Pentagon is
ready to sponsor a range of devices to help further
knowledge."
targets now being set
anticipate that the first disk should be complete before
1960 and it would take the whole of the 'sixties to
develop it properly, even though some combat things
miport, 1z tiber 994 years from now." (Aviation
During this time period many of the major defense
and technology companies were cited as either having
research projects or activities in this new field. For
example: "Companies studying the implications of
gravitics are said, in a new statement, to include Glenn
Martin, Convair, Sperry-Rand, and Sikorsky, Bell, Lear
Inc. and Clark Electronics. Other companies who have
previously evinced interest include Lockheed, Douglas
and Hiller." (Aviation Report, 9 December 1955)'°
Others of these reports mention: AT&T, General
Electric, as well as Curtiss-Wright, Boeing and North
American as having groups studying electrogravitics.
During the same time period, the Gravity Rand
report notes that: "Already companies are specializing
evolution
electogravities dist » Particular components
of
an
However, in the area of predictions, the Aviation
Report stated the following based on an extrapolation of
technology development:
"Thus this century will be
divided into two parts - almost to the day. The first
half belonged to the Wright Brothers who foresaw
nearly all the basic issues in which gravity was the
bitter foe. In part of the second half, gravity will be the
great provider. Electrical energy, rather irrelevant for
propulsion in the first half becomes a kind of catalyst to
motion in the second half of the century." (Aviation
Report, 7 September 1954)12
Looking back it is easy to say that they missed the
mark.
Did they really miss it by a half a century?
Reading through these reports it is quite obvious that
there was much interest in antigravity among a number
of very high profile companies, as well as in the
Department of Defense. What happened to this interest
and why was it all downplayed during the following
four plus decades? After all, T. Brown had shown that
there is a demonstrable connection between high
voltage fields and gravity. Why has it taken until the
1990s for more than just a few scientists to look at these
results and publish on them in the open literature? A
review
of
recent statements by
former military
personnel and civilians connected to covert projects
begins to shed light on research activity in these areas
over the last half century. And it appears that there had
been significant breakthroughs during this time period,
well shielded from both the scientific and public eye.
Recent Scientific Developments
In this section we consider developments in the
antigravity field since the late 1980s and why the
confluence of scientific findings and the testimony of
witnesses associated with the military and covert
that a gravity solution with
technological implications has been found.
Although general relativity has not been able to
explain Brown's electrogravitic observations, or any
other antigravity phenomenon, the recent physics
methodology of quantum electrodynamics (QED),
appears to offer the theoretical framework to explain
electrogravitic coupling. Recent papers by members of
the Institute for Advanced Study Alpha Foundation are
putting a solid theoretical foundation onto the
antigravity effects within the theory of electrodynamics
and include papers by Evans' and Anastasozki et al. '4
Earlier in a 1994 breakthrough paper, Alcubierre
showed that superluminal space travel is, in principle,
physically possible and will not violate the tenants of
the theory of relativity!
. Puthoff later analyzed these
findings in light of the present SETI (Search for
Extraterrestrial Intelligence) paradigms that insist that
we could not be visited by extraterrestrial civilizations
because of the speed-of-light limitations dictated by the
general relativity theory.
He suggests that super-
luminal travel is indeed possible. This leads to reduced-
time
interstellar travel and
the possibility
of
extraterrestrial visitation, which our limited under-
standing
of physics and scientific arrogance has
"forbidden" in some sectors for most of the 20"h
century.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 829, "chars": 5552, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The second aspect of these physics findings deals
with the zero point or vacuum state energy shown by
the Casimir effect?,
, which predicts that two metal
plates close together attract each other due to imbalance
in the quantum fluctuations. The implications of this
zero point or vacuum state energy are tremendous and
during the late 1980s. Beardens an hear starting
and colleagues have
also written extensively on the theoretical physics of
zero point energy and additionally have described
various technological means of extracting this energy
(for example see the recent paper by Anastasozki et
al.2). A theoretical book on zero point energy (and
antıgravity) was published by Bearden in 20022!.
is significant evidence that scientists since Tesla have
known about this energy, but that its existence and
potential use has been discouraged and indeed
suppressed over the past half century or more?.
The coupling of the electrogravitic phenomena
observations and the zero point energy findings are
leading to a new understanding of both the nature of
matter and of gravity. This is just now being discussed
in scientific journals (though some evidence suggests
that it has been understood for decades within the black
project covert community). The question that is being
addressed is: what keeps the universe running? Or
more specifically, where do electrons get their energy
to keep spinning around atoms? As electrons change
state they absorb or release energy, and where does it
come from? The simplistic answer is that it is coming
from the vacuum state. Puthoff 3 describes the process
as follows: "I discovered that you can consider the
electron as continually radiating away its energy as
predicted by classical
but SIMUL-
TANEOUSLY ABSORBING a COMPENSATING
AMOUNT of energy from the ever-present sea of zero-
point energy in which the atom is immersed. An
equilibrium between these two processes leads to the
correct values for the parameters that define the lowest
energy, or ground-state orbit (see "Why atoms don't
collapse," NEW SCIENTIST, July 1987). Thus there is
a DYNAMIC EQUILIBRIUM in which the zero-point
energy stabilizes the electron in a set ground-state orbit.
It seems that the very stability of matter itself appears to
depend on an underlying sea of electromagnetic zero-
point energy."
Furthermore, it appears that it is the spinning of
electrons that provides inertia and
mass to atoms.
These theories, linking electron spin, zero point energy,
mass, and inertia have been presented in a number of
recent papers, such as those by Haisch? and colleagues
and provide us with a possible explanation of the
Biefield-Brown effect.
It appears that an intense
voltage field creates an electromagnetic barrier that
blocks the atomic structure of an atom from interacting
with the zero point field.
This slows down the
electrons, reducing their gyroscopic effect, and thus
reducing atomic mass and inertia, making them easier
to move around.
Evidence of Extensive Antigravity Technology
The B-2 Advanced Technology Bomber
In 1993, LaViolette wrote a paper discussing the
B-2 bomber and speculating on its probable antigravity
propulsion system, based on a solid understanding of
electrogravitics, ' the aircraft's design and the materials
used in its manufacture.
It appears that the craft is
using a sophisticated form of the antigravity principles
first described by T. Brown. Support for this thesis
came from the Aviation Week and Space Technology
(March 9, 1992), which reported that the B-2 bomber
electrostatically charges its leading edge and its exhaust
Their information had come from a small
group of former black project research scientists and
engineers suggesting the
B-2 utilizes antigravity
technology. This information was supported by Bob
Oechsler, an ex-NASA mission specialist who had
publicly made a similar claim in 1990. These findings
support the contention that there have been major
developments in the area of antigravity propulsion
which are presently being applied in advanced aircraft.
LaViolette later states the obvious that "the
commercial airline industry could dramatically benefit
with this technology which would not only substantially
increase the miles per gallon fuel efficiency of jet
airliners, but would also permit high-speed flight that
would dramatically cut flight time."27
The Disclosure Project Witnesses
On May 9, 2001 a private organization, "The
Disclosure Project 28 held a press conference at the
National Press Club in Washington DC.
presented nearly two dozen witnesses including retired
Army, Navy and Air Force personnel, a top FAA
official, members of various intelligence organizations
including the CIA and NRO, and industry personnel, all
of whom who had witnessed UFO events or had inside
knowledge of government or industrial activities in this
They also produced a briefing document? for
members of the press and Congress and a book which
includes the testimony of nearly 70 such witnesses from
a pool of hundreds. Although they all spoke of the
reality of the UFO phenomena, many also spoke of
covert projects dealing with antigravity, zero point
and development
reproduction vehicles (ARVs) by US black project and
covert interests. The following excerpted quotes from
these witnesses support the above contentions.
Dan Morris'" is a retired Air Force career Master
Sergeant who was involved in the extraterrestrial
projects for many years. After leaving the Air Force, he
was recruited
the super-secret National
Reconnaissance Organization (NRO), during which

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 893, "chars": 5553, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
he worked specifically on extraterrestrial-
connected operations.
He had a cosmic top-secret
clearance (38 levels above top secret) which, he states,
no U.S. president, to his knowledge, has ever held.
"UFOs are both extraterrestrial and man made.
Well, the guys that were doing the UFOs, they weren't
sleeping, and Townsend Brown was one of our guys
who was almost up with the Germans. So we had a
problem. We had to keep Townsend Brown - what he
was doing on anti-gravity electromagnetic propulsion
secret." He then describes a type of zero point energy
"Well, if you have one of these units that's about
sixteen inches long and about eight inches high and
about ten inches wide, then you don't need to plug into
the local electric company.
These devices burn
nothing. No pollution. It never wears out, because
there are no moving parts. What moves are electrons,
in the gravity field, in the electronic field, and they turn
in opposite directions, okay?"
"Dr. B.'32 (name withheld since he still works in
this area) is a scientist and engineer who has worked on
top-secret projects almost all his life. Over the years he
has directly worked on or had involvement with such
projects
involving anti-gravity, chemical wartare,
secure telemetry and communications, extremely high-
energy space based laser systems, and electromagnetic
pulse technology.
"Anti-gravity. As a matter of fact, I used to go out
to the Hughes in Malibu. They had a big think tank up
there. Big anti-gravity projects; I used to talk to them
out there. I'd give them ideas, because they bought all
my equipment. But the American public will never,
never hear about that."
... "This flying disc has a little
plutonium reactor in it, which creates electricity, which
drives these anti-gravity plates. We also have the next
level of propulsion, it is called virtual field, which are
called hydrodynamic waves..."
Captain Bill Uhouse33
served 10 years in the
Marine Corps as a fighter pilot, and four years with the
Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB as a civilian doing
flight-testing of exotic experimental aircraft. Later, for
the next 30 years, he worked for defense contractors as
an engineer of antigravity propulsion systems: on flight
simulators for exotic aircraft - and on actual flying
discs.
"I don't think any flying disc simulators went into
operation until the early 1960s - around 1962 or 1963.
The reason why I am saying this is because the
simulator wasn't actually functional until around 1958.
The simulator that they used was for the extraterrestrial
craft they had, which is a 30-meter one that crashed in
Kingman, Arizona, back in 1953 or 1952."
"We operated it with six large capacitors that were
charged with a million volts each, so there were six
million volts in those capacitors."
any windows. The only way we had any visibility at all
was done with cameras or video-type devices."
. "Over the last 40 years or so, not counting the
simulators - I'm talking about actual craft - there are
probably two or three-dozen, and various sizes that we
built."
"A.H."34 formally of Boeing Aerospace, is a person
who has gained significant information from inside the
UFO extraterrestrial groups within our government,
military, and civilian companies. He has friends at the
NSA, CIA, NASA, JPL, ONI, NRO, Area 51, the Air
Force, Northrup, Boeing, and others.
"Most of the craft operate on antigravity and
electrogravitic propulsion. We are just about at the
conclusion state right now regarding antigravity. I
would give it maybe about 15 years and we will have
cars that will levitate using this type of technology.
We're doing it up at Area 51 right now. That's some of
the stuff that my buddy worked on up at Area 51 with
Northrup, who lives now in Pahrump, Nevada. We're
flying anti-gravity vehicles up there and in Utah right
Lieutenant Colonel Williams? entered the Air
Force in 1964 and became a rescue helicopter pilot in
Vietnam. He has an electrical engineering degree and
was in charge of all the construction projects for the
Military Air Command. During his time in the military
he knew that there was a facility inside of Norton Air
Force Base in California that no one was to know
"There was one facility at Norton Air Force Base
that was close hold - not even the wing commander
there could know what was going on. During that time
period it was always rumored by the pilots that that was
a cover for in fact the location of one UFO craft."
Note that all he knew was of the rumor, however, it
is confirmed by the next testimony, which also
confirms some of the comments made by Captain
Mark McCandlish is an accomplished aerospace
illustrator and has worked for many of the top
aerospace corporations in the United States.
colleague, with whom he studied, has been inside a
facility at Norton Air Force Base, where he witnessed
alien reproduction vehicles, or ARVs, that were fully
operational and hovering. He states that the US not
only has operational antigravity propulsion devices, but
we have had them for many, many years, and they have
been developed through
the study,
in part, of
extraterrestrial vehicles over the past fifty years.
The colleague, Brad Sorensen, told him of visiting
The Big Hangar, during an air show at Norton Air
Force Base on November 12, 1988 and how he had
seen flying saucers in this hangar. "There were three
flying saucers floating off the floor—no cables
suspended from the ceiling holding them up, no landing
gear underneath-just floating, hovering above the
floor. He said that the smallest was somewhat bell-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 858, "chars": 5493, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
They were all identical in shape and
proportion, except that there were three different sizes.
They had little exhibits with a videotape running,
showing the smallest of the three vehicles sitting out in
the desert, presumably over a dry lakebed, some place
like Area 51. It showed this vehicle making three little
quick, hopping motions; then [it] accelerated straight up
and out of sight, completely disappearing from view in
just a couple of seconds—no sound, no sonic boom-
"Well, this craft was what they called the Alien
Reproduction Vehicle; it was also nicknamed the Flux
Liner. This antigravity propulsion system—this flying
saucer—was one of three that were in this hangar at
Norton Air Force Base. [Its] synthetic vision system
[used] the same kind of technology as the gun slaving
system they have in the Apache helicopter: if [the pilot]
wants to look behind him, he can pick a view in that
direction, and the cameras slew in pairs. [The pilot] has
a little screen in front of his helmet, and it gives him an
alternating view. He [also] has a little set of glasses
that he wearsin fact, you can actually buy a 3-D
viewing system for your video camera now that does
this same thing-so when he looks around, he has a
perfect 3-D view of the outside, but no windows. So,
why do they have no windows? Well, it's probably
because the voltages that we're talking about [being]
used in this system were probably something between,
say, half a million and a million volts of electricity."
Brad Sorensen stated that at the ARV display, 'a three
star general said that these vehicles were capable of
doing light speed or better."
All of these witness testimonies do not prove the
existence of a successful US covert program in
antigravity technologies.
Only the demonstration of
such craft coupled with the accompanying government
and technical specification documents would 'prove'
However, these testimonies coupled
information from other substantial sources such as Nick
Cook's new book mentioned below, strongly supports
this contention.
The Hunt for Zero Point?
This recent book, contains some of the strongest
evidence yet for major efforts and success in the field of
antigravity technology. The author, Nick Cook, who
for the past 15 years has been the Aviation Editor and
Aerospace Consultant for Jane's Defense Weekly, spent
the last 10 years collecting information for the book.
This included archival research on Nazi Germany's
antigravity technology and interviews with top officials
at NASA, the Pentagon and secret defense installations.
He shows that America has cracked the gravity code
and classified the information at the highest security
levels. Because antigravity and its allied zero point
energy technologies potentially offer the world a future
of unlimited, non-polluting energy it has
been
suppressed because of the "huge economic threat". His
findings support those reported by many of the
Disclosure Project witnesses cited above.
Antigravity Technology Demonstrations
Although T. Brown reported many of his findings
nearly a half century ago, other experimenters have just
recently begun to reproduce his work and report on it in
the open literature and on the WWWeb. For example,
Davenport38 published the results of his work in 1995
supporting the findings of T. Brown, while Bahder and
Fazi3° in 2002 described their assessment of the forces
associated
with
an
asymmetric
capacitor.
Transdimensional Technologies*° in the USA and J.
Naudin" labs in France have posted on the WWWeb:
diagrams, web videos, and data on their versions of
antigravity "Lifters" based on an extension of Brown's
work. It is a sad commentary on this whole area of
research to see that public science is requiring us to
demonstrate principles that were demonstrated nearly
fifty years ago.
There have also been a
number of other
demonstrations of "antigravity"
phenomena
researchers throughout the world. This includes the
work of Brazilian physics professor, Fran De Aquino,
and such devices as: the Searl Electrogravity Disc, the
Podkletnov Gravity Shield and Project Greenglow, the
Zinsser Kineto-baric Field Propulsion
and the
Woodward Field Thrust Experiments on Piezoelectrics.
All of these are described in more detail by Greer and
Loder. 42
Implications of This Research
• Antigravity and zero point energy research and
their applications are finally being addressed by some
of the open scientific community. This means there
will have to be a rewriting of textbooks in this area so
our new generation of students can apply this "new
knowledge." Its application
breakthroughs in transportation technologies both
earthside and in outer space. The implications are that
we have the potential for human exploration of our
solar system and beyond, if we have the will, within our
lifetimes. It also means that the majority of 20" century
space technology will be obsolete and in fact may
already be so.
• The zero point or vacuum state energy source is
seen as a totally non-polluting energy source, which has
the potential to replace all the fossil fuels on this planet.
It also will provide the energy needed for long range
space flights. This means that fuel cells and solar cells
in common use today for space flight energy
applications will only be needed until we transition to
these new energy technologies.
• Based on an analysis of trends in antigravity
research over the last half-century and the information
provided by numerous witnesses, it appears that there is
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 660, "chars": 5054, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
both good and bad news. The good news is that it
appears that we (at least covert projects) have already
developed the theories of antigravity, and additionally
have developed working spacecraft based on these
principles. The bad news is that these technologies
have been developed for at least several decades, at the
public's expense
human
kind has
deprived of these technologies, while continuing to
waste
energy using less efficient and pollution
enhancing technologies.
from Ben Rich, former head of the Lockheed
Skunkworks. Just prior to his death, he stated to a
•head of the icked
small group after a lecture* that: "We already have the
means to travel among the stars, but these technologies
are locked up in black projects and it would take an act
of God to ever get them out to benefit humanity..." He
further went on to say that, 'anything you can imagine
we already know how to do?
Strong words from a
knowledgeable deep insider and words that support
what a number of the witnesses stated as well.
• As the reality of this knowledge begins to be
understood, there will be an outcry among space
scientists not on the inside for release of these
technologies to allow all of us to explore space. There
will be major changes in the way that NASA does its
business, though predicting these changes is difficult.
• Not only has space exploration
in the public
suffered as well. Thus as this knowledge begins to sink
in there will be an outcry among all concerned citizens
on this planet for release of these technologies to allow
all of us to reduce and ultimately eliminate global
warming and environmental pollution that so threatens
our way of life. These technologies will not only affect
space travel technologies, but will also have a profound
effect on transportation and energy production on the
earth's surface.
• In conclusion, we might consider the observation
made by Halton Arp4:
"We are certainly not at the end of science.
Most probably we are just at the beginning!"
Acknowledgements
I thank the following people for many discussions while
preparing and writing this paper including: S. Greer, A.
Craddock, T. Bearden, P. La Violette, M. McCandlish,
D. Hamilton, T. Valone, E. Mallove, T. Loder, C.
Loder, S. Patel and many of the courageous Disclosure
Project witnesses. References Cited
' Quoted from: LaViolette, P. A. 2000. Moving Beyond
the First Law and Advanced Field Propulsion
Technologies. In T. Loder (ed.), "Outside-the-Box"
Technologies, Their Critical Role Concerning Environ-
mental Trends, and the Unnecessary Energy Crisis.
Report prepared for The U.S. Senate Environment and
Public Works Comm. www.senate.gov/~epw/loder.htm.
2 Brown, T. T. 1929. How I control gravity. Science
and Information Magazine, Aug. 1929. Reprinted in
Psychic Observer 37 (1): 66-67.
3 Oberth, Hermann: "Flying Saucers Come from a
Distant World," The American Weekly, October 24,
1954
4 Aviation Studies (International) Ltd. 1956. Electro-
gravitics Systems: An examination of electrostatic
motion, dynamic counterbary and barycentric control.
p. 14. In Valone, T. (ed.), 1994. Electrogravitics
Systems: Reports on a new propulsion methodology.
Integrity Research Institute, Washington, DC 20005.
Ibid. p. 27.
Ibid. p. 19.
Gravity Rand Ltd. 1956. The Gravitics Situation. p
54. In Valone, T. (ed.), 1994. Electrogravitics Systems:
Reports on a new propulsion methodology. Integrity
Research Institute, Washington, DC 20005.
Aviation
Studies (International) Ltd. 1956.
Electrogravitics
Systems:
An examination of
electrostatic motion, dynamic counterbary
and
barycentric control. p. 11. In Valone, T. (ed.), 1994.
Electrogravitics Systems: Reports on a new propulsion
methodology. Integrity Research Institute, Washington,
DC 20005.
9 Ibid. p. 34.
Ibid p. 41.
" Gravity Rand Ltd. 1956. The Gravitics Situation. p
47. In Valone, T. (ed.), 1994. Electrogravitics Systems:
Reports on a new propulsion methodology. Integrity
Research Institute, Washington, DC 20005.
Aviation
Studies (International
• Ltd. 1956.
Electrogravitics Systems:
An
examination of
electrostatic motion, dynamic counterbary and
barycentric control. p. 32. In Valone, T. (ed.), 1994.
Electrogravitics Systems: Reports on a new propulsion
methodology. Integrity Research Institute, Washington,
DC 20005.
13 Evans, M. W. 2002. The link between the Sachs and
0(3) theories of electrodynamics. In Evans, M. W. (ed.),
Modern Nonlinear Physics, Pun 2. 2º ed., Advances in
Chemical Physics 19:469-494.
14 Anastasovski, P.K., T.E. Bearden, C. Ciubotariu,
W.T. Coffey, L.B. Crowell, G.J. Evans, M.W. Evans,
R. Flower, A. Labounsky, B. Lehnert, M. Mészáros,
P.R. Molnár, S. Roy, and J.-P. Vigier. 2001. Anti
gravity effects in the Sachs theory of electrodynamics
Foundations of Physics Letters. 14(6):601-605
15 Alcubierre, M. 1994. The Warp Drive: Hyper-fast
travel within general relativity. Classical and Quantum
Gravity, 11, L73.
16 Puthoff, H. E. 1996. SETI, The Velocity-of-Light
Limitation, and the Alcubierre Warp Drive:
An
Integrating Overview, Physics Essays 9:156.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 4267, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1 Lamoreaux, S.K. 1997. Demonstration of the Casmir
force in the 0.6 to 6 um range. Physics Review Letters.
18 Puthoff, H. 1989. Gravity as a Zero-Point Fluctuation
Force." Phys. Rev A., 39(5):2333-2342.
Puthoff, H. 1989. Source of Electromagnetic Zero-
Point Energy." Phys. Rev A, 40(9):4597-4862.
19 See the Tom Bearden web site for an extensive listing
and copies of his papers at: www.cheniere.org
20 Anastasovski, P.K., T.E. Bearden, C. Ciubotariu,
W.T. Coffey, L.B. Crowell, G.J. Evans, M.W. Evans,
R. Flower, A. Labounsky, B. Lehnert, M. Mészáros,
P.R. Molnár, J.K. Moscicki, S. Roy, and J.P. Vigier.
2001. Explanation of the motionless electromagnetic
generator with 0(3) Electrodynamics. Foundations of
Physics Letters, 14(1):87-93.
2 Bearden, T. 2002. Energy from the Vacuum:
Concepts and Principles. Cheniere Press, Santa
Barbara, CA.
Technologies, Their Critical Role Concerning
Environmental Trends, and the Unnecessary Energy
Report prepared for The U.S. Senate
Environment
and
www.senate.gov/~epw/loder.htm.
23 Puthoff, H. 1990. Everything for Nothing. New
Scientist, 28 July 1990, pp. 52-55.
24 Haisch, B., Rueda, A. and Puthoff, H. 1994. Beyond
; A First Glimpse of a Postmodern Physics, in
which Mass, Inertia and Gravity Arise from Underlying
Electromagnetic Processes. The Sciences, 34:26.
Haisch, B., Rueda, A., and Puthoff, H. 1997. Physics
of the Zero-Point Field: Implications for Inertia,
Gravitation and Mass. Speculations in Science and
Technology, 20:99.
Haisch, B. and Rueda, A. 1998. An Electromagnetic
Basis for Inertia and Gravitation: What Are the
Implications for 21st Century Physics and Technology?
in El-Genk, M.S. (ed.), Space Technology and
Applications International Forum-1998, DOE CNF-
980103, CP420, p. 1443.
Haisch, B. and Rueda, A. 1999. The Zero-Point
Field and the NASA Challenge to Create the Space
Drive. Proc. NASA Breakthrough Propulsion Physics
Workshop, NASA/CP-1999-208694, p. 55.
25 LaViolette, P. 1993. The U.S. Antigravity Squadron.
p. 82-101. In Valone, T. (ed.), 1994. Electrogravitics
Systems: Reports on a new propulsion methodology.
Research Institute,
Washington,
20005.p.82-101.
26 LaViolette, P. A. 1992. Electrogravitics: Back to the
future. Electric Spacecraft, Issue 4, pp. 23-28.
LaViolette, P. A. 1993. A theory of electrogravitics.
Electric Spacecraft, Issue 8, pp. 33-36
27 LaViolette, P. A. 2000. Moving Beyond the First
Law and Advanced Field Propulsion Technologies. in
T. Loder (ed.). "Outside-the-Box" Technologies, Their
Critical Role Concerning Environmental Trends, and
the Unnecessary Energy Crisis. Report prepared for
The U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works
Comm. www.senate.gov/~epw/loder.htm.
28 Information available at: www.disclosureproject.org.
2 Greer, S.M. and T.C. Loder III. 2001. Disclosure
Project Briefing Document, 492 pp. Available on CD
from: The Disclosure Project, P.O. Box 2365,
Charlottesville, VA 22902. Also available from:
www.disclosureproject.org.
Greer, S. M. 2001. Disclosure: Military and
government witnesses reveal the greatest secrets in
modern history. Crossing Point, Inc. Crozet, VA, 573
PP.
Ibid. pp. 357-366.
32Ibid. pp. 262-270.
33 Ibid. pp. 384-387.
34 Ibid. pp. 391-403.
35 Ibid. pp. 388-389.
30Ibid. pp. 497-510.
37 Cook, N. 2001. The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the
World of Antigravity. Broadway Books, NY. 256pp.
38 Deavenport, L. 1995. "T.T. Brown Experiment
replicated. Electric Spacecraft Journal. Issue 16. Oct.
1995. (Reprinted in: Valone, T. (ed.), 1994. Electro-
gravitics Systems: Reports on a new propulsion
methodology. Integrity Research Institute, Washington,
DC 20005)
39 Bahder, T.B. and Fazi, C., "Force on an Asymmetric
Capacitor," Army Research Laboratory, v51 ARL-
TR.nb. Avail. at: http://xxx.lanl.gov/abs/physics/02110.
40 Transdimensional Technologies, 906-E Bob Wallace
Ave., Huntsville, AL 35801.
4http://jnaudin.free.fr
42 Greer, S.M. and T.C. Loder III. 2001. Disclosure
Project Briefing Document, 492 pp. Available on CD
from: The Disclosure Project,
P.O. Box 2365,
Charlottesville, VA 22902. Also available from:
www.disclosureproject.org.
43 Lecture given at UCLA Engineering Department on
March 23, 1993
44 Arp, H. 1998. Seeing Red: Redshifts, Cosmology and
Academic Science. Montreal, Aperion. (p. 249).
7
