{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:36:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 84534, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18745-sporade-objectives-2007-translation-2015.pdf", "source_sha256": "349c7ae91a02afaa36fa5e86b2c831155ad018569a372396c8ca2b97f45fed36"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 283, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Encounter between Sporade and
interstellar intelligent life
(translation)
Objective and aims
Last update: February 2007
FOREWORD
I. INTRODUCTION
II. PREPARATIONS FOR THE ENCOUNTER: CONCEPTUAL MODELS
III. PROSPECTIVE EXCHANGES AND EXPERIMENTS
IV. POLITICAL IMPLICATIONS
V. CONCLUSION

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2774, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Foreword
among the stars.
Critical scientific thinking can lead to only one conclusion: intelligent life forms are traveling
Our galaxy alone is made up of 200 billion stars, each of which corresponds to a solar system
that may be home to intelligent life if the conditions are right (cf. Sir Francis Drake's
equation). There are about 200 billion galaxies in the cosmos. So does life exist elsewhere,
and if so, where?
Are we being visited by intelligent life forms? After thousands of scientific studies carried
out on the five continents, we can no longer deny the existence of unidentified flying objects
(UFOs).
What are those intelligent phenomena we call UFOs?
Can our eyes capture all there is to see? Is what we see the reality? Is seeing UFOs simply an
acquired skill? Are they not partly invisible to the human eye? Are they even within the grasp
of ordinary human intelligence, or does it take the insight of a Tibetan lama?
I. Introduction
We cannot accept that all it takes to prove their existence is to take pictures of the sky,
something that is within the grasp of any amateur photographer these days. Success
guaranteed. Pick an afternoon with calm weather, with a few clouds maybe, and position
yourself facing a hill a few miles away and nothing to block your view. Bring a digital
camera with high storage capacity and a top-quality lens, Carl Zeiss or equivalent., and shoot
a few hundred pictures of the sky. Make sure you don't move the camera and that the hill is in
the bottom of the shot. Then study your pictures carefully on your computer, and the odds of
finding yourself marveling at what your camera has captured are almost 100%.
So let us look for other evidence, something we can measure. We know that, under certain
conditions and at certain speeds, a rapidly spinning flying object becomes invisible owing to
the phenomenon of visual persistence. Man-made systems that have this capability are visible
on radar but invisible to the human eye at close range. But if they spun even faster, would
radar systems still be able to detect them?
Let us recall the adventure of colonel Jack Krine, who pursued a UFO in a Mirage III C
fighter plane in northern France some 40 years ago. He was unable to level with it, because it
disappeared at an extraordinary speed as he approached it. But was it really gone? Or was it
very close to the Mirage, spinning ultra-fast so that visual persistence made it invisible?
Colonel Krine described the event as a cat-and-mouse game: one moment he saw the object,
the next it was gone, then it was there again.
The experiment we intend to participate in on French soil should be highly scientific. To
make it as credible as possible, we have to devise a robust plan and acquire the means to
carry it out.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 608, "chars": 3879, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
II. Preparation of the encounter: conceptual models
We can take several conceptual approaches. For the moment, let us limit ourselves to two:
one based on the presence of intelligence only, and one based on a combination of matter and
intelligence. The intelligence-only approach we might call "Hertzian biology", based on the
notion that organic macromolecules are also the carriers of intelligence, and that they vibrate.
While the notion itself is straightforward, the sum of the waves those macromolecules emit is,
by necessity, highly complex. Some years ago, Jacques Benveniste, then professor at the
National Institute for Health and Medical Research (INSERM), was able to capture
electromagnetic signals emanating from biologically active molecules and to reproduce their
effects remotely. Benveniste was accused of fraud by the scientific community, and that is
probably what killed him. Today we know that he was right. I certainly do.
The other conceptual model assumes a combination of matter and intelligence. The material
component consists of an interstellar craft capable of spinning at lightning speed so that,
under certain circumstances, it becomes invisible. It carries intelligent beings consisting
simultaneously of waves and particles, like human beings. The craft is piloted by a form of
intelligence that to us still appears artificial. Based on earlier observations, the craft is
estimated to be 20 to 40 meters in diameter (60 to 120 feet). To be able to spin at several
times the speed of sound, it must, based on what we know today, be made of quartz/crystal, a
solid alloy that can temporarily become viscous, but remember its original shape. The energy
of ions and photons is omnipresent. So there is a magnetic or electromagnetic field that
should be measurable from a space probe, or by distinguishing it from the Earth's magnetic
field to determine whether the UFO uses it to land and take off with by applying
electromagnetic energy, producing motion and lift and to cancel gravity. How should we
measure this, and how should we measure the effect of the craft's rapid spinning motion? If
such an effect exists, it will explain both how the craft can hover and how its occupants can
make it invisible while remaining close to the Earth observer.
In the view of Sporade this should be enough for a first round of observations.
To be able to collect relevant data we must persuade the French government and French
manufacturers to put extremely powerful equipment at our disposal. We will need them to
secure the support of the European scientific community and the financial backing and
protection of European political leaders. Together with scientists in the rest of Europe we are
operating on the cusp of light (laser, photons, crystal, quartz, etc.) and matter (physics,
chemistry, biosciences, etc.), with a touch of philosophy. Does mind exist on other Earth-like
planets? In this context of parallel worlds, can galactic matter, as an expression of intent,
disappear in accordance with the equation E=mc?
Sporade is strongly committed to uphold the credibility of this endeavor. Following the first
round of observations and measurements, we intend to refine our methods of data recording
and analysis. The goal is to answer what is as yet an open question, namely whether any
micro-organisms associated with any intelligent life forms on board UFOs have any specific,
individual signatures. The same question can be asked about the UFOs themselves, keeping
in mind that they could only consist of matter and artificial intelligence. We cannot rule out
that readings can be obtained from other frequency spectrums, including those approximating
the speed of light currently regarded as the upper limit (existence of electrons/ions or
photon/ions?). That would open the prospect of finding other forms of intelligence or other
life forms.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 3137, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
III. Prospective exchanges and experiments
Much of what may occur during the prospective encounter on French soil is likely to be
invisible to the human eye. We must therefore find methods with which to observe and
measure brief phenomena, even if the encounter ends up lasting much longer. The
observations and measurements will produce nearly pure data and a plethora of harmonics
that our computers will hopefully be able to process.
We are aiming to develop relations on a wider plane, combining measurements and a
philosophical approach (disappearance of galactic matter) to gather information with which
to convince our political elites, using the following methods:
first and foremost, photo-thermal imaging, complemented with visual observation;
- Hertzian biology, by measuring wave-particle duality using Raman spectroscopy,
dynamic mass spectrometry, electromagnetic spectrometry, Doppler equipment,
optical interference measurement, etc., which will enable us to detect electromagnetic
signals linked to our visitors, produced by nanostructures associated with living
micro-organisms or by such micro-organisms themselves. From there we could
extrapolate to more complex structures made up of elementary particles, atoms,
molecules and macromolecules that are sometimes found in the traces left on the
ground after a UFO has landed, and consider that biological macromolecules also are
vibratory in nature. This connection is important, because it would enable us to bring
our exchanges more into line with our visitors' level of development;
- coherent optical laser detection, in the hope of proving the existence of visual
persistence phenomena that would explain the ultra-fast disappearance of UFOs,
which we currently interpret as their moving away;
- coherent and non-coherent hyperspectral imaging.
We have the manpower, now we need the equipment.
There are certainly easier approaches, such as filming the visible part of the event, laser
telemetry (leaving aside the near-certainty of visual coherence), measuring gravity (not very
likely if the Earth's gravitational field is used for hovering or for gravity cancelation at
takeoff).
IV. Political implications
Whatever approach we take, it is important to keep in mind that we are a small association,
albeit a high-level one. All we can do is light the fuse that sets off an explosion of knowledge
in France, Europe and Europe's allies about a world that has long been at our doorstep. The
moment will be propitious to tell our politicians and scientists that it is time to open the door,
but to do so with infinite precautions. Those precautions will enable us to make headway in a
growing number of exchanges. Anything else we do will keep our civilization in the stone
age.
Our association being as small as it is, we have to be resourceful, sure of our facts and
convincing, or else, once we have done our research, real or fake scientists, journalists, and
gurus in their alcoves will start feeding France and the rest of Europe bits and pieces of
handpicked information that will be denied by a political nomenklatura and refuted by
partisan scientists.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2141, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Our first experiment must be ambitious, because it may be the only chance we get. If it is
successful, it must be convincing both to us Earth denizens and to our visitors, because we
must very quickly persuade our politicians:
- to envision regular, mutually agreed and evolving contacts with those who decide to
pay us a visit;
- not to block the way, under any circumstances, to learning more about our visitors and
communicating with them;
- to prevail upon the military to use its considerable resources to conduct thorough
studies with a view to peaceful scientific and technical cooperation;
- to set political and strategic goals to learn more about this subject, possibly together
with our neighbors in Europe and beyond;
- to set up a multinodal welcome haven where our visitors could land and meet with us
- to help us to maintain, improve and transfer our knowledge and skills;
- to enable us, and in particular Sporade as far as France is concerned, to continue to be
the driving force, because with the exception of the United Kingdom, which is
traditionally subservient to the United States, no other European country is able to
take France's place;
to quantify and take into account the long-term stakes and financial implications and
put hard figures on the table, in the knowledge that contact with intelligent beings
capable of interstellar travel is a goal in its own right - unlike other space affairs
perhaps -whose significance exceeds Earth affairs and extends other worlds in other
star systems in our galaxy and beyond;
to explain to the public the compelling need for this endeavor to go ahead so that we
may acquire exoterrestrial skills and knowledge.
V. Conclusion
To conclude, let us plant our feet firmly back on the ground and try to make this first
encounter into a success, bringing in a bountiful harvest of data and hard facts on which we
can build future encounters. We can then use those results to obtain from our political elites
the means to carry out this task, and their approval for the equipment and the protocols with
which we can implement all of chapter III efficiently and constructively.
ur
