{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:37:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 181851, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18747-outside-the-box-theodore-loder.pdf", "source_sha256": "2a450f9a1e72e5c1fde67194c96aef7d011d4b9f52b340f06393e9bd80fcebbb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3613, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Presented at the STAIF 2003 Meeting, Albuquerque, NM
February 5, 2003 (Session E08)
Implications of Outside-the-Box Technologies on Future
Space Exploration and Colonization
Theodore C. Loder III
Institute for the Study of Earth, Oceans, and Space; University of New Hampshire; Durham, NH 03824
603-862-3151, ted.loder@unh.edu
Abstract. In general, planning for future manned space exploration either to the moon, Mars, or an asteroid has depended
on a somewhat linear extrapolation of our present technologies. Two major prohibitive cost issues regarding such
planning are payload lift and in-flight energy generation. The costs of these in both engineering and actual flight costs,
coupled with the planning necessary to carry out such exploration have prevented us from actively moving forward.
Although, it will be worthwhile to continue to plan for such exploration using "present" technologies, I recommend that
planning be concerned mainly with mission strategies and goals utilizing both present technology and totally new energy
breakthroughs. There are presently in research and development an entire suite of relevant outside-the-box technologies
which will include both zero point energy generation and antigravity technologies that will replace our present
solar/nuclear/fuel cell energy technologies and liquid/solid fuel rockets. This paper describes some of these technologies,
the physics behind them and their potential use for manned space exploration. The companies and countries that first
incorporate these technologies into their space programs will lead the way in exploring and colonizing space.
BACKGROUND: SPACE TECHNOLOGY NEEDS
Human exploration and, ultimately, colonization of low earth orbit, the moon, asteroids, and other planets will never
"get off the ground" with the present costs of technology. At present the United States' only public human lift
capability is the nearly two-decade-old shuttle fleet, which is expensive to maintain and limited in turn-around flight
capability. Recent projected estimates by NASA for more than the next decade plan for about eight flights per year
at a cost of approximately $300 million per flight with lower costs for two more flights (NASA, 2002). With only
five flights per year considered to be a "safe" number and ten flights per year considered the maximum number, it is
obvious that almost any kind of human exploration and colonization is nearly out the question in the foreseeable
future.
Even the less expensive Russian launch costs are still prohibitive for significant advances in space
exploration and colonization.
In order to start to make space exploration and colonization a possible societal activity, the cost of low earth orbit
flights must drop by at least three to four orders of magnitude. Even the most optimistic extrapolations of our
present technologies will have trouble meeting that goal. Although, it will be worthwhile to continue to plan for
uch exploration using "present technologies,
state eis ard on ls as ines bot prenol echology and totally a planning beaconend me ye it mario.
: technology that must be developed include transportation needs, energy generation needs, and communicati
eeds. Major technical and theoretical breakthroughs must occur in each of these areas. This paper deals with son
potentially relevant outside-the-box technologies that if properly funded and researched will make human
exploration and colonization of space a reality. The following sections are not meant to be exhaustive but give
examples of where potential research may prove to be fruitful.
TRANSPORTATION NEEDS
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 737, "chars": 5218, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transportation needs incorporate two aspects that are obviously linked. The first is the need to lift a payload from
Earth's surface to low earth orbit and attain orbital speeds. The second is to accelerate that payload to high enough
speeds to escape Earth's gravity and travel to the moon and planets in a reasonable time frame. Obviously, the faster
the transit times, the less payload is required for human support and accommodation needs during the journey and
the greater the amount of material can be delivered to a destination. This section lists a number of technologies that
all involve electrogravitic thrust or gravity modification technology that has potential for solving
transportation needs.
That antigravity technologies are possible and already exist in covert military technology is
discussed in recent papers by Greer and Loder (2001), Greer (2001) and Loder (2002).
One active area of antigravity research is the field of electrogravitics and the Biefield-Brown effect. This effect is
based on the pioneering work of T. Townsend Brown, who discovered that gravitational mass and electric charge
are coupled (Brown, 1929). He found that a capacitor, charged to a high voltage, tended to move in the direction of
its positive pole. He later obtained several U.S. patents including a U.S. patent (Brown, 1960) for the design of disk
shaped capacitors that flew around a stationary pole when charged and were demonstrated to the military in the
early 1950s.
resurgence of interest in electrogravitic phenomena and the Biefield-Brown effect. This has been both in the form of
lifter technology to demonstrate the effect (Naudin, 2002; Applied Electrogravites, Devon, PA, USA;
Transdimensional Technologies, Huntsville, AL, USA; Ventura, 2002) and more detailed investigations such as
Bahder and Fazi (2002), who have just published a paper on the forces associated with an asymmetric capacitor.
Although, there is a demonstrable ion wind associated with these lifter craft, Brown and more recently others have
tested these devices in vacuum chambers and found that lift still occurs (reported by Naudin, 2002). Furthermore,
thrust can occur in a horizontal orientation as shown by the Serrano device (Naudin, 2002) which received a
worldwide patent in 2000 (Serrano, 2000). It is interesting to note that recently NASA received a patent for thrust
using an asymmetrical capacitor without even mentioning the Biefield-Brown effect (NASA, 2001). Some of the
theory about how the Biefield-Brown effect creates thrust is discussed by Bahder and Fazi (2002) and Barsoukov
(2002). Other aspects of new propulsion technologies are reviewed by LaViolette (1999).
There are other reported mass-reducing or antigravity effects that may or may not be related to the above-described
Biefield-Brown effect. Several of these include the use of radiation of a specific frequency, which can cause an
object to lose weight or even levitate. For example, De Aquino (2000) has done significant experimental and
theoretical work on antigravity including demonstrating the relationship between gravity and ELF radiation.
Mallove (2001) reported observing up to a 70% weight loss in a gold foil suspended from a dielectric thread in
experiments carried out by the Correas. Podkletnov and Nieminen (1992) and Podkletnov (1997) reported a slight
loss in weight of an object suspended about a rapidly rotating superconducting disk, which was apparently able to
partially shield the Earth's gravitational field. Later, Podkletnov and Modanese (2001) reported the use of a device
where a very high voltage is discharged into a superconductor. This creates a focussed gravity impulse measurable
at a distance from the device.
Several researchers have shown a link between the running of zero point energy devices and gravity effects. For
example, Searl's electrogravity disk consists of a segmented rotating disk with segments supported by a set of
cylindrical permanent magnets rolling within a circumferential track. This disk produces its own energy and can
achieve lift off through production of its own gravity field (Searl, 2002). Recently Roschin and Godin (2000) built a
one-meter simplified version of the Searl disk, which when spun at 600 rpm obtained a 35% weight loss while
generating seven kW excess electrical power output. Sweet and Bearden (1991), in a paper describing a solid state
over unity device (the Sweet self-powered vacuum triode), observed a 90% loss in weight of the 6 Ib. device while
it was operating at an output of 1000w.
The Alternative Energy Institute, Inc. (2001) has further general descriptions of antigravity research, while scalar
electrogravitic theory and other experiments are briefly described in Greer and Loder (2001, pp.415-421). For a
detailed, in depth discussion of antigravity theory the reader should see Sweet and Bearden (1991) and Bearden
electrogravitic theory in their recent paper. I have only reported on experiments that have been reported in the open
literature or have been documented by others.
In summary, these are but a few of the researchers who have
observed
gravity loss during experiments, suggesting that there may be a number of ways of achieving gravity
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4821, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
shielding or total repulsion (antigravity) that could be used in a productive manner for both earth surface and space
transport needs. However, it will take a more open minded scientific community than the present one to even
consider the reality of what has been thus far reported.
ENERGY GENERATION NEEDS
At the present, spacecraft energy needs are met through a variety of means: notably solar panels and small nuclear
devices for non-human flight, and solar panels and fuel cells for human flight and space station needs. These
contribute to increased lift requirements and extra complexity. Furthermore, there will be areas of exploration
where use of solar panels may be limited such as: at moon's south polar region, during long reconnaissance trips on
the surface of Mars, and in the region of the outer planets. Obviously, energy generation is not as critical for
exploration/colonization as the above described lift and propulsion, but there may become a time when large
amounts of energy will be needed. These times might occur if electrogravitic-drive propulsion comes into general
use, or humans wish to terraform Mars or take on large-scale mining and extraction technologies for off-planet
manufacturing. There are a number of energy technologies (zero point energy devices) which may have the
potential to fill these needs. All of these devices extract energy from the vacuum state using a variety of strategies.
Although, the field of quantum mechanics finds that zero point energy terms are necessary to predict various
phenomena, many physicists still believe that this energy is not real (King, 2001).
There are a number of books that describe many such devices for example: Manning (1996), King (1991, 2001) and
Alternative Energy Institute, Inc. (2001). Greer and Loder (2001) have a chapter describing many devices with
references. Bearden (2002) describes in detail, with numerous references, many devices and the theory behind
them, while the Journal of New Energy and Infinite Energy Magazine both publish articles in this field. Puthoff
also describes the physics of the zero point field (Puthoff, 1989a,b; 1990). Although there are dozens of such
systems described in various books above, I will only mention a few here that would seem more suitable for space
activity in that they are solid state, i.e. no moving parts. These types of systems would seem to be more rugged and
reliable than devices with moving parts, but time will tell as this field begins to mature.
Sweet's vacuum triode device uses a magnet with a self-oscillating field to produce a continuous flow of energy
with a very small continuous activation energy. This device produces an observed power gain of 5x10° to 1.5x10°.
Sweet and Bearden (1991) describe the theory behind this device in one very long sentence in their paper's abstract:
been produced which excite and organize the local vacuum, increase the local virtual photon flux between local
vacuum and nucleus, establish coherent self-oscillations between the local excited vacuum and the affected nuclei,
utilize the self-oscillating standing wave for self-pumping of the nuclei/mirrors, introduce a very tiny signal wave to
the mirrors, and output into an external load circuit a powerful, amplified, time-reversed phase conjugate replica
wave at 60 Hertz frequency and nominal 120 volt sine wave power."
The concept of using an oscillating ion plasma to extract energy from the vacuum state was first developed by T.H.
Moray (Moray and Moray, 1978). His device was solid state, though of course the plasmas oscillated within their
tubes. Correa and Correa (1995a) found a way to stabilize plasma ion pulsing in their patented tube described as a
pulsed abnormal glow discharge (PAGD) tube. Their research has been described by King (2001) and in detail by
Correa and Correa (1996a, b). In a second patent they describe the charging circuitry necessary to stabilize the
discharge pulsing and extract excess energy from the pulse discharge (Correa and Correa, 1995b).
The Brown (1989) battery is another solid state device that uses a small LC oscillator coil and a weak radioactive
ionizing source to create a corona around the coil. By tuning the circuit to the corona resonance, the ion-oscillations
couple a zero point energy coherence directly to the circuit (King, 2001). Finally, the development of the
motionless electromagnetic generator (MEG) by Bearden and co-workers (Bearden, 2001; Patrick et al., 2002;
Anastasovski et al., 2001) has also demonstrated the principal of over unity energy production from the vacuum
state, coupled with a strong theoretical foundation. Although the device has been replicated by several laboratories
and shown over unity energy production, control of the energy flow is still being researched.
COMMUNICATION NEEDS
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 4360, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There is little problem with our present communication technologies in dealing with earth to human occupied space
craft in the Earth-Moon region. The distances are short enough so that delays due to speed-of-light limitations are
not too limiting. Communication with planetary explorers can not be carried out in real time because of time delays.
However, there is present research that may lead to faster-than-light or super luminal communication (SLC)
technologies.
Although SLC is considered to be impossible by some researchers, there are many that are
considering the possibilities very carefully. Several recent articles bear reviewing for those interested in this area.
Cramer (1997) discusses the possibility of faster-than-light communication and Weisstein (2002) lists a number of'
references on this subject. Bearden (2002) describes the ordinary scalar potential as the basis for superluminal
communication, and describes experiments already done at the University of Cologne, which demonstrate SLC.
Recently, the New Scientist (Anonymous, 2002) reported that "physicists at Middle Tennessee State University
have broken that speed limit over distances of nearly 120 metres, using off-the-shelf equipment costing just $500."
Whether or not these initial investigations result in workable SLC technologies remain to be seen. Bearden (2002)
notes that we already know it is possible, but need "a National Science Foundation and National Academy of
Sciences that surge forward and formulate funded research programs to push the frontiers of science along such
superluminal communications lines." This will probably not happen until there is a perceived need, must likely
created by human space exploration.
CONCLUSIONS
In summary, these are three examples of technology areas that must be considered by aerospace engineers in
designing future craft and mission capabilities. Although, it will be worthwhile to continue to plan for space
exploration and colonization using "present" technologies, it would seem prudent that planning be concerned mainly
with mission strategies and goals assuming both present technology and totally new energy and communication
breakthroughs. There are presently in research and development an entire suite of relevant outside-the-box
technologies which will include both zero point energy generation and antigravity technologies that will replace our
present solar/nuclear/fuel-cell energy technologies and liquid/solid fuel rockets. This paper describes some of these
technologies, the physics behind them and their potential use for manned space exploration. The companies and
countries that first incorporate these technologies into their space programs will lead the way in exploring and
colonizing space.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
I thank the following people for many discussions while preparing and writing this paper including: S. Greer, A.
Craddock, T. Bearden, T. Valone, E. Mallove, E. Rice, H. Fox, M. King, T. Loder, C. Loder, S. Patel and the many
courageous Disclosure Project witnesses.
REFERENCES
Alternative Energy Institute, Inc., Turning the Corner: Energy Solutions for the 21" century, Alternative Energy Institute, Inc.,
Tahoe City, CA, 2001, pp. 239-273.
Anastasovski, P.K., Bearden, T.E., Ciubotariu, C., Coffey, W.T., et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic
Generator with O(3) Electrodynamics," Foundations of Physics Letters, 14, 87-93 (2001)
"Speed of Light Broken with Basic Lab Kit," New Scientist (Sept. 16, 2002). Avail. at:
www.newscientist.com/news/news.jsp?id=ns99992796
Bahder, T.B. and Fazi, C., "Force on an Asymmetric Capacitor," Army Research Laboratory, v51 ARL-TR.nb. Avail. at:
http://xxx.lanl.gov/abs/physics/02110.2002.
Barsoukov, E., "Lifter Theory," Avail. at: http://sudy_zhenja.tripod.com/lifter_theory/. 2002.
Bearden, T.E., Energy from the Vacuum: Concepts and Principles, Santa Barbara, CA, 2002. Avail. at: www.cheniere.org.
Bearden, T.E., Letter on superluminal communication, 2002. Avail. at: www.cheniere.org/correspondence/010102.htm
Bearden, T.E., "Energy from the Active Vacuum: The Motionless Electromagnetic Generator," in M. W. Evans (Ed.), Modern
Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, Wiley, New York, 2001, Part 2, p. 699-776.
Brown, P.M., "Apparatus for Direct Conversion of Radioactive Decay Energy to Electrical Energy," US Patent 4,835,433 1989.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 5113, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Brown, T.T., "How I control gravity," Science and Information Magazine, (Aug. 1929). Reprinted in Psychic Observer 37 (1):
Brown, T.T., "Electrokinetic Apparatus," US Patent 2,949,550, 1960.
Brown, I.T. Web site: http//:www.soteria.com/brown/, 2002.
Correa, P. and Correa, A. "Electromechanical Transduction of Plasma Pulses," US Patent 5,416,391. 1995a.
Correa, P. and Correa, A. "Energy Conversion System," US Patent 5,449,989. 1995b.
Correa, P. and Correa, A., "XS NRG™M Technology," Infinite Energy Magazine 2(7): 18-21, (1996a).
Correa, P. and Correa, A., "The Labofex Technology," Infinite Energy Magazine 2(7): 23-38, (1996b).
"Quantum Nonlocality and the Possibility of Superluminal Effects," Proceedings of the NASA Breakthrough
Propulsion Physics Workshop, Cleveland, OH. 1997. Avail. at: www.npl.washington.edu/npl/int_rep/qm_nl.html
De Aquino, F., "Possibility of Control of the Gravitational Mass by Means of Extra-Low Frequencies Radiation," Los Alamos
National Laboratory preprint no.gr-qc/0005107, 2000. Avail. at: http://www.elo.com.br/~deaquino/
Greer, S.M. Disclosure: Military and Government Witnesses Reveal the Greatest Secrets in Modern History. Crossing Point,
Inc., Crozet, VA, 2001.
Greer, S.M. and Loder, T.C. III, Disclosure Project Briefing Document, The Disclosure Project, Charlottesville, VA, 2001. Also
avail. from: www.disclosureproject.org.
Haisch, B. and Rueda, A., "An Electromagnetic Basis for Inertia and Gravitation: What Are the Implications for 21st Century
Physics and Technology?" edited by M. El-Genk, Space Technology and Applications International Forum-1998, DOE
CNF-980103, CP420, 1998, p. 1443.
Haisch, B. and Rueda, A., "The Zero-Point Field and the NASA Challenge to Create the Space Drive," Proc. Breakthrough
Propulsion Physics Workshop, NASA/CP-1999-208694, 1999. p. 55.
Haisch, B., Rueda, A. and Puthoff, H., "Beyond E =mc2 ; A First Glimpse of a Postmodern Physics, in which Mass, Inertia and
Gravity Arise from Underlying Electromagnetic Processes," The Sciences, 34:26 (1994).
Haisch, B., Rueda, A., and Puthoff, H., "Physics of the Zero-Point Field: Implications for Inertia, Gravitation and Mass,"
Speculations in Science and Technology, 20:99 (1997).
King, M.B., Tapping the Zero Point, Paraclete Publishing, Provo, UT, 1991.
King, M.B., Quest for Zero-Point Energy, Adventures Unlimited Press, Kempton, IL, 2001.
LaViolette, P.A.,
"Moving Beyond the First Law and Advanced Field Propulsion Technologies," in "Outside-the-Box"
Technologies, Their Critical Role Concerning Environmental Trends, and the Unnecessary Energy Crisis, edited by: T
Report prepared for The U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, 1999, pp. 24-28. Avail at:
www.senate.gov/~epw/loder.htm.
Loder, T.C. III, "Outside-The-Box Space and Terrestrial Transportation and Energy Technologies for the 21" Century,"
Presented at: 40" ALAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting and Exhibit, Reno, NV. Paper #AIAA-2022-1131, 2002.
"A matter of gravity", Atlantis Rising, No. 36, (Nov./Dec., 2002), p. 58. Also described in "Letter of Support" on
Correa's web site at: www.aetherometry.com.
Manning, J. The Coming Energy Revolution, Avery Publishing Group, Garden City Park, New York, 1996.
Moray, T.H. and Moray, J.E., The Sea of Energy, Cosray Research Institute, Salt Lake City, UT, 1978.
2020," 2002, Avail. at:
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/codea/codeae/documentc.html.
NASA, "The Asymmetrical Capacitor Thruster (ACT)," US patent: US 6,317,310. 2001.
Naudin, J.L. Website at: http://jnaudin.free.fr, 2002.
Patrick, S.L., Bearden, T.E., Hayes, J.C., Moore, K.D., and Kenny, J.L., "Motionless Electromagnetic Generator," US Patent
Podkletnov, E., "Weak gravitational Shielding Properties of Composite Bulk YBa_Cu3O7-x Superconductor Below 70K Under
EM Field," LANL Physics preprint Server, preprint cond-mat/9701074, (1997). Avail. on the Web:
www.gravity.org/msu.html.
Podkletnov, E. and Modanese, G. "Impulse Gravity Generator Based on Charged YBazCu3O7-x Superconductor with Composite
Crystal Structure," arXiv:physics/0108005, 2, (30 Aug. 2001).
Podkletnov, E. and Nieminen, R., "A Possibility of Gravitational Force Shielding by Bulk YBa CuOrx Superconductor,
Puthoff, H., "Gravity as a Zero-Point Fluctuation Force," Phys. Rev A., 39:2333-2342 (1989a).
Puthoff, H., "Source of Electromagnetic Zero-Point Energy," Phys. Rev A, 40:4597-4862 (1989b).
Puthoff, H.,
"Everything for Nothing," New Scientist, 28 July 1990, pp. 52-55 (1990).
Roshchin, V.V. and Godin, S.M, "An Experimental Investigation of the Physical Effects in a Dynamic Magnetic System,"
Technical Physics Letters, 26 (12), 1105-1107, (2000).
Searl, J.R.R., Web site at: www.searleffect.com, 2002.
"Propulsion Device and Method Employing Electric Fields for Producing Thrust," International Patent: WO
00/58623, 2000, Avail. at: http://sudy_zhenja.tripod.com/lifter_theory/.
Sweet, F. and Bearden, T., "Utilizing Scalar Electromagnetics To Tap Vacuum Energy," in Proceedings of the 26" Intersociety
Energy Conversion Engineering Conference (IECEC Conf., Aug. 4-9, 1991). Also in: Advanced Energy Concepts 4: 370-
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 257, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Valone, T. (ed.), Electrogravitics Systems: Reports on a new propulsion methodology. Integrity Research Institute, Washington,
DC, 1994.
Ventura, T., "The Evolution of Lifter Technology," 2002. Avail. at: http://tventura.hypermart.net/Lifter-Article.pdf.
6
