{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:37:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 42076, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18753-translation-sept-2015-mindef-letter.pdf", "source_sha256": "216d67f40b0f299e684266570cf03e1ea0e41d0e0828ecb19c94157266b0324c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2059, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Translation of fax
Date: January 16, 2007
From: Pierre Morin, engineering expert responsible for electromagnetic impulse
effects at the French Ministry of Defense
To: Steven Greer, MD, Philippe Aubin de la Messuzière, Michel Deloir-Ouellet
Cc: Alain Boudier, chairman of Sporade
URGENT
Subject: UFO phenomenon
Further to: Sporade, telephone conversation of January 15, 2007
Dear Sirs,
Following official instructions received on January 14, 2007, the high-level
delegation of the French Ministry of Defense is no longer able to attend the tests
and contacts relating to the UFO phenomenon we had planned to start as of
week 4 of this year.
On behalf of the delegation we apologize for this setback.
We stress that this is no more than a setback, and our delegation would like to
request the other parties to hold the meeting at a later date.
Given the short-term political imperatives, the Ministry requests that the tests and
contacts be rescheduled to start in week 24 or even week 25 of 2007, subject to
the other participants' preferences and the feasibility of the plans.
The Ministry definitely intends to work with you and to ensure that the highest
levels of the French government and scientific community participate actively. In
collaboration with Sporade, the undersigned will propose a reciprocal agreement
relating to the knowledge to be gained from the experiments and under which the
Ministry is to make available the human, material and financial resources
requirea. I he protocol will cover four categories of metadata to be gathered with
the resources the Ministry is to deploy as you require:
- Identification of the source: procedures and reconnaissance;
- Characteristics of the source: biological, physical and chemical, related
aspects, language aspects (laser, MFP, etc.);
-
Nature of the source: this category is crucial for documenting the nature of
the source - biological if possible - in terms of validating our contacts and
the source's entries;
- Availability of the source: likelihood of contact and usefulness for the
future.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1620, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To ensure the Ministry's cooperation and full technical backing, all parties have to
agree on a needs analysis - analysis, development, design and implementation
- that specifies the resources required to obtain actionable scientific information.
That information should enable us to evaluate the project's performance using
one or more action plans that are based on the objectives stated in your research
proposal and for which you wish to use the electronic and optical capabilities that
we agree to put at your disposal in France.
Our participation is therefore intended not just to see [in the strict sense of the
word], but to confirm the experimental approach and the findings in all domains
and categories. Apart from the instructions keeping us from participating within
the next two weeks, the fact that you had requested to be given unrestricted use
of our resources did not allow us, within the given timeframe, to justify the
project to our leadership with scientific certainty, and consequently to start a
long-term exchange with you and with the research subject.
In light of our political instructions, which are almost certain to lead to a
commitment later on, and given our intention to cooperate exhaustively with you
on this subject as stated in this letter, we hope that you will understand our
request to postpone the first contact planned originally for the end of this month.
On behalf of our delegation I avail myself of this opportunity to present to you our
best wishes for 2007. May our fighting spirit, our love and our passion bring us
outstanding success.
Signed and stamped: Pierre Morin
