{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:38:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 43466, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18759-understanding-ufo-secrecy.pdf", "source_sha256": "82bc6d6285c64b0bfb3bcc175d1227a655c03f94b77d2e40d0c525ca933dd0ae"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3044, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Understanding UFO Secrecy
by Steven M. Greer M.D.
Copyright 1999
Introduction
Over the past few years I have had the responsibility of briefing senior government and
scientific leaders both in the US and abroad on the UFO/Extraterrestrial subject.
The evidence regarding this subject is clear and overwhelming: It has not been difficult to
make a compelling case for the reality of UFOs per se. What is a greater challenge is
elucidating the architecture of secrecy related to UFOs (see the exposition of this matter
contained in the paper entitled "Unacknowledged" by this author). But the greatest
challenge is explaining the 'why'. Why all the secrecy? Why a 'black' or unacknowledged
government within the government? Why hide the UFO/ET subject from public view?
The 'what' or evidence is complex but manageable. The 'how' or nature of the secret
programs is more difficult, much more complex and Byzantine. But the 'why' - the reason
behind the secrecy'- is the most challenging problem of all. There is not a single answer to
this question, but rather numerous inter-related reasons for such extraordinary secrecy. Our
investigations and interviews with dozens of top - secret witnesses who have been within
such programs have enabled us to understand the reasons behind this secrecy. They range
from the fairly obvious and straight-forward to the really bizarre. Here, I wish to share some
key points regarding this secrecy, why it has been imposed and why it is so difficult for the
controlling interests within covert programs to reverse policy and allow disclosure.
In The Beginning
In the early days of the ET/UFO phenomena, military, intelligence and industrial interests
had concerns regarding the nature of the phenomena, whether it originated from our human
adversaries and once it was determined to be extraterrestrial, how the public would react.
In the 1930s and 1940s this was no small matter: If these UFOs were of terrestrial origin,
they would be evidence of an earthly adversary with technological devices far in advance of
US aircraft. And once it was determined to be extraterrestrial (some quarters knew this
prior to the end of WWII) there were many more questions than answers. To wit: why were
the ET s here? What are their intentions? How do the devices travel at such fantastic speeds
and through the vastness of space? How might these technologies be applied to the human
situation -both in war and in peace? How would the public react to this knowledge? What
effect would the disclosure of these facts have on human belief systems? Political and social
systems?
From the late 1940s through the early 1950s, a concerted effort was made to figure out the
basic science and technologies behind these spacecraft, primarily through the direct study
and reverse-engineering of the retrieved extraterrestrial objects from New Mexico and
elsewhere. It was immediately recognized that these objects were using laws of physics and
applied technologies far in advance of internal combustion engines, vacuum tubes and the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3212, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
like. In the climate of the Cold War and in a world where a relatively minor advantage
technologically could tilt the balance of power in the nuclear arms race, this was no small
matter.
Indeed, the theme of human geo-political dysfunction appears as a recurring feature of the
secrecy related to UFOs - up to the present hour. More on this later.
smithFrom the Wilbur Smith top secret Canadian government document of 1950, we know
that this subject was held in greater secrecy than even the development of the hydrogen
bomb. There was a tremendous effort underway by the late 1940s to study extraterrestrial
hardware, figure out how it operated and see what human applications might be made from
such discoveries. Even then, the project dealing with this subject was extraordinarily covert.
It became much more so by the early 1950s when substantial progress was made on some
of the basic physics behind the ET craft energy and propulsion systems. The best we can
estimate, it was then that the entire project became increasingly 'black' or unacknowledged.
The compartmentalization of the project dealing with UFOs was exponentially increased by
the early 1950s when it was realized what it was that these covert projects actually had:
Devices displaying physics and energy systems which - if disclosed - would forever alter life
By the Eisenhower era, the UFO/ET projects were increasingly compartmented away from
legal, constitutional chain-of-command oversight and control. This means that -while we
know from witness testimony that Eisenhower knew of the ET craft - the president ( and
similar leaders in the UK and elsewhere) were increasingly left out of the loop. Such senior
elected and appointed leaders were confronted with (as Eisenhower called it) a sophisticated
military-industrial complex with labyrinthine compartmented projects which were more and
more out of their control and oversight. From direct witness testimony we know that
Eisenhower, Kennedy, Carter and Clinton were frustrated by their attempts to penetrate
such projects.
This is also true of senior congressional leaders and investigators, foreign leaders and UN
leadership. This is indeed an equal opportunity exclusion project - it does not matter how
high your rank or office, if you are not deemed necessary to the project, you are not going
to know about it. Period.
orsonwmars2.JPG (33205 bytes)
Contrary to popular myth, since the 1960s concern over some type of public panic when
faced with the fact that we are not alone in the universe has not been a major reason for
the secrecy. Those in the know -notwithstanding the fantastic tales spun in UFO circles and
on the X-Files -understand that fear of hostile ET s has also not been a significant factor.
While there has been continued confusion in some covert circles over the ultimate purpose
behind the ET phenomena, we know of no knowledgeable insiders who regard the ET s as a
hostile threat.
By the 1960s - and certainly by the 1990s - the world was very familiar with the concept of
space travel and the popular science - fiction industry had thoroughly indoctrinated the
masses with the idea of ET s from far away being a possibility. So why the continued
secrecy?

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3331, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Cold War is over. People would hardly be shocked to find out that we are not alone in
the universe ( the majority of people already believe this - in fact most people believe the
UFOs are real). Besides, what could be more shocking than to live through the latter half of
the 20th century with thousands of hydrogen bombs aimed at every major city in the world?
If we can handle that, surely we can handle the idea that ET s are real.
The facile explanations of fear, panic, shock and the like do not suffice to justify a level of
secrecy so deep that even the President and his CIA Director coula be denied access to the
information.
A Current Estimate
Continued secrecy on the UFO subject must be relatea, then, to on-going anxiety related to
the essential power dynamics of the world and how such a disclosure would impact these.
That is, the knowledge related to UFOs/ET phenomena must have such great potential for
changing the status quo that its continued suppression is deemed essential, at all costs.
Going back to the early 1950s, we have found that the basic technology and physics behind
these ET spacecraft were discovered through very intensive reverse-engineering projects. It
was precisely at this point that the decision was made to increase the secrecy to an
unprecedented level - one which essentially took the matter out of ordinary government
chain of command control as we know it. Why?
Aside from the possible use of such knowledge by US/UK adversaries during the Cold War, it
was immediately recognized that these devices were not your dad's Oldsmobile. The basic
physics behind the energy generation and propulsion systems were such that they could
easily replace all existing energy generation and propulsion systems on the Earth. And with
them, the entire geo-political and economic order.
In the 1950s, there was no great concern over global warming, eco-system collapse, ozone
depletion, rain forest loss, bio-diversity degradation etc. In the wake of WW II, what was
needed was stability, not a new convulsion of the world economic, technological and geo-
political order. Remember: those in control like to stay in control. They are risk - averse, do
not like significant change and do not give up control and power easily.
The disclosure of the existence of ET s, with the inevitable disclosure related to these new
technologies soon to follow, would change the world forever - and they knew it. This was to
be avoided at all costs. Besides, that was the era of " what is good for GM is good for
America", and the same would be true of big oil, big coal and the like.
The inescapable fact is this: The disclosure of the ET presence would bring with it the
certain release of these technologies -and that release would sweep away the entire
technological infrastructure of the planet. The changes would be immense - and sudden.
Fifty years later, as we prepare to turn the page to a new millennium, this is more true now
than then. Why? Because avoiding the problem in the 1950s - while convenient at the time
- means that the situation is more tenuous now. For example, world dependence on oil and
internal combustion technology is greater now than in 1955. And the world economy is
larger by orders of magnitude now, so any change would be exponentially greater - and
potentially more chaotic.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3295, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And so this is the conundrum: each decade and generation has passed this problem on to
the next, only to find any path but continued secrecy more destabilizing than it would have
been a decade earlier. In a maddening circle of secrecy, delay of disclosure and increasing
world complexity and dependence on out-dated energy systems, each generation has found
itself in a greater squeeze than the one before. As difficult as disclosure would have been in
the 1950s, disclosure now is even more difficult. And potentially earth-shaking in its
consequences.
The technological discoveries of the 1950s resulting from the reverse-engineering of
extraterrestrial craft could have enabled us to completely transform the world economic,
social, technological and environmental situation. That such advancements have been
withheld from the public is related to the change-averse nature of the controlling hierarchy
at the time - and to this day.
And make no mistake, the changes would be immense.
* Consider: A technology which enables energy generation from the so-called zero point
field and which enables every home, business, factory and vehicle to have its own source of
power -without an external fuel source. Ever. No need for oil, gas, coal, nuclear plants or
the internal combustion engine. And no pollution. Period.
* Consider: A technology using electro-gravitic devices which allows for above surface
transportation - no more roadways to cover fertile farmland since transportation could take
place totally above the surface.
Sounds great. But in the 1950s, oil was plentiful, nobody worried too much about pollution,
global warming was not the faintest concern and the powers that be just wanted stability .
The status quo. And besides, why risk the tectonic changes related to such a disclosure? Let
a later generation take care of it.
But now, we are that later generation. And 1999 is not 1949. The Earth is straining under
the burden of a growing population - now 6 billion people - all of whom want cars,
electricity, TV s and the like. Everyone knows that we do not have 50 more years of oil -
and even if we did, the Earth's ecosystem could not withstand 50 more years of such abuse.
The risks of disclosure are now much less than the risks of secrecy: If secrecy continues
much longer, the Earth's ecosystem will collapse. Talk about a big change and global
instability..
Many people will consider the technological and economic impact of such a disclosure as the
central justification of continued secrecy. After all, we are talking about a multi-trillion dollar
per year change in the economy. The entire energy and transportation sectors of the
economy would be revolutionized. And the energy sector - the part where non-renewable
fuels are purchased and burned and have to be replenished - will utterly vanish. And while
other industries will flourish, only a fool would dismiss the impact of such a multi-trillion
dollar segment of the economy disappearing.
Certainly the 'vested interests' involved in the global industrial infrastructure related to oil,
gas, coal and internal combustion engines and public utilities is no small force in the world.
But to understand UFO secrecy you must consider what all that money represents at its
core. Power. Massive geo-political power.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3335, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One must consider what will happen when every village in India (or Africa or South America
or China) has devices which can generate large amounts of power without pollution and
without spending huge sums of energy on fuel. The entire world will be able to develop in an
unprecedented fashion - without pollution and without billions spent on power plants,
transmission lines and combustible fuels. The have-nots will have.
This would widely be considered a good thing: after all, much of world instability, warfare
and the like is related to mind-numbing poverty and economic depravity in a world of great
wealth. Social injustice and extreme economic disparity breeds much chaos and suffering in
the world. These decentralized, non-polluting technologies would change that permanently.
Even the deserts will bloom...
But it must be remembered that geo-political power flows from technological and economic
prowess. India has over 1 billion people and the US about one-fourth that, but who has the
greater geo-political power?
As these new energy systems proliferate, the so-called third world will rapidly reach parity
with the industrialized world of Europe, the US and Japan. This will cause a massive shift in
geo-political power. And the industrialized world will find that it must then actually share
power with the now down-trodden third world.
Those in the cat-bird seat currently (and in 1950) have no interest in doing any such thing.
We can hardly even support and share power in the United Nations.
The release of information on the UFO / ET subject will lead to the global proliferation of
new energy systems which will rapidly result in an equalization of power in the world. The
US and Europe have around 600 million people. That is only 10% of the world's population.
Once the other 90% rise in technological and economic standing, it is clear to see that the
geo-political power will shift - or equalize - to the rest of the world. Power will have to be
shared. Real global collective security will be inevitable. It is the end of the world as we
know it.
When you combine the economic and technological impact with the geo-political impact, it
becomes obvious that the changes related to ending secrecy are truly tectonic - massive,
world-encircling and transformative. It is not to be regarded lightly.
But 50 years after the world could have had these new technologies - and 50 long years of
ecological degradation, social and economic chaos and disparity - we find that we are the
last generation in the long line of passing the cosmic hot potato known as the UFO secrecy
problem.
And here we stand, holding this hot potato, but what shall we do about it?
To end the secrecy means vast and profound changes in virtually every aspect of human
existence - economic, social, technological, philosophical, geo-political and so forth. But to
continue the secrecy and the suppression of these new energy and propulsion technologies
means something far more destabilizing: the collapse of the Earth's ecosystem and the
certain depletion of the fossil fuels on which we depend. And the growing anger of the have-
nots, who are needlessly being deprived of a full and dignified life. There are no more
generations to which we can pass this cosmic hot potato: we must deal with it and do what
should have been done in 1950.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 541, "chars": 3381, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Webs We Weave
As if the foregoing was not enough to justify secrecy, recall that extraordinary things have
been done to maintain this secrecy. The infrastructure needed to maintain and expand the
level of secrecy which can deceive presidents and CIA Directors and senior congressional
leaders and European Prime Ministers and the like is substantial - and illegal. Let me be
clear, the entity which controls the UFO matter and its related technologies has more power
than any single government in the world or any single identified world leader.
general1.jpg (8381 bytes)That such a situation could arise was forewarned by President
Eisenhower when, in January 1961, he cautioned us regarding the growing "military-
industrial complex". This was his last speech as president to the world - and he was warning
us directly of a frightening situation about which he had personal knowledge. For
Eisenhower had seen the ET craft and deceased ET bodies. He knew of the covert programs
dealing with the situation. But he also knew that he had lost control of these projects and
that they were lying to him about the extent and full nature of their research and
development activities.
Indeed, the current state-of-the-art in secrecy is a hybrid, quasi-government, quasi
privatized operation which is international - and functions outside of the purview of any
single agency or any single government. 'The Government' - as you and I and Thomas
Jefferson may think of it - is really quite outside the loop. Rather, a select, tightly controlled
and compartmentalized 'black' or unacknowledged project controls these matters. Access is
by inclusion alone and if you are not included, it does not matter if you are CIA Director,
President, Chairman of Senate Foreign Relations or UN Secretary General, you simply will
not know about or have access to these projects.
Indeed the situation is so dire that senior Joint Chiefs of Staff leaders in the Pentagon who I
have briefed have no more access to such projects than any other civilian - unless they are
on the 'inside' for some reason. But this is rare.
Essentially, the covert management of this matter operates as part super-secret
international government program, and part privatized organized crime operation: It is
more like a secret Mafia than government as one would normally think of it.
To acquire and maintain such power all types of things have been done. We are reminded of
that Robert Frost poem in which he describes 'the webs we weave...'. But how does such an
entity extract itself from such a web of secrecy, deceit, lies and insubordination?
To be specific, this group has usurped power and rights not legally granted to it. It is extra-
constitutional, both in the US and in the UK and other countries around the world. It is,
therefore, a criminal enterprise and a conspiracy of the first order. Additionally, it has
committed crimes which include assassinations, murder, kidnaping, theft of technology and
so forth.
I will grant the possibility that, at least initially, this covert undertaking was designed to
maintain secrecy and avoid instability. But the risks of inadvertent leaks - or a national or
world leader deciding legally that it was time for disclosure - made it essential to weave a
web of greater and greater secrecy and of illegal operations. And now the web has closed in
on the operation itself.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 604, "chars": 3889, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That is, the complexity of the compartmentalized projects, the degree of unconstitutional
and unauthorized activity, the 'privatization' (or theft) by corporate partners (the 'industrial'
part of the military - industrial complex) of advanced technologies, the continued lying to
legally elected and appointed leaders and to the public - all of these and more have
contributed to a psychology of continued secrecy -because disclosure would expose the
greatest scandal in recorded history.
For example, how would the public react to the fact that the degradation of the entire
Earth's ecosystem and the irretrievable loss of thousands of species of plants and animals
now extinct due to pollution, has been utterly unnecessary -and could have been avoided if
only an honest release of this information had occurred in the 1950s?
How would society react to the knowledge that trillions of dollars have been spent on
unauthorized, unconstitutional projects over the years? And that these tax-payer dollars
have been used by corporate partners in this secrecy to develop spin - off technologies
based on the study of ET objects which were later patented and used in highly profitable
technologies? Not only have the taxpayers been defrauded, they have then been made to
pay a premium for such breakthroughs which were the result of research paid for by them!
And this does not address the intellectual property theft of such technologies from the ET S.
While the basic energy generation and propulsion technologies have been withheld, these
corporate partners have profited wildly from other breakthroughs and benefits in
electronics, miniaturization and related areas. Such covert technology transfers constitutes
a multi-trillion dollar theft of technologies which really should be public domain since
taxpayers have paid for it.
And how would the public react to the fact that the multi-billion dollar space program, using
internal combustion rockets and the like, has been a primitive and unnecessary experiment
since much more advanced technologies and propulsion systems were in existence before
we ever went to the moon? NASA and related agencies have, for the most part, been as
much a victim of this secrecy as has the rest of the government and the public. Only a
small, very compartmentalized fraction of NASA people know of the real ET technologies
hidden away in these projects. Certainly my uncle, who helped design the lunar module
which took Neil Armstrong to the moon, was as much a victim an anyone insofar as he was
denied access to these technological breakthroughs. He had to rely on the old physics and
the old internal combustion jet thruster technologies just like everyone else. What a shame.
The inescapable reality is this: This secret project, no matter how well intentioned initially,
got carried away with its own secret power. It abused this power. It has hijacked our future
for fifty years. And the scandal of this fact would result in such consternation in society and
in government that its consequences can hardly be imagined. Indeed, it could well be
cataclysmic from a social and political perspective.
In fact, the quiet coup d'etat of the late 1940s and early 1950s, once exposed, could result
in real instability today.
But the situation is actually much worse than this. All that is written above is dwarfed by a
larger problem: The covert group running these UFO related black projects have also had
exclusive sway over the early days of an embryonic extraterrestrial-human relationship. And
it was been tragically mismanaged - nearly to the point of genuine global catastrophe.
For what happens when an unelected, unappointed, self-selecting, militarily oriented group
alone has to deal with inter-species relations between humans and ET s? Well, as in most
areas, if you wear rose-colored glasses the entire world looks red. And if you are wearing

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 3632, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
military glasses, every new and uncontrolled development will be seen as a potential or real
military threat.
The nature of such a group - which is inordinately controlled and incestuous - is that it is
homogenous in world-view and mind-set. Power and control are preeminent qualities. Such
extreme secrecy creates a very dangerous milieu in which checks and balances, give and
take, are utterly lacking. And in such an environment, very dangerous decisions can be
made with inadequate feedback, discussion or insight from needed perspectives which are,
per force, excluded.
In such an environment of extreme secrecy, militarism and paranoia, we have found that
immensely dangerous actions have been taken against the ET s. Indeed, we have multiple
inside sources who have described to us the use of increasingly advanced technologies to
track, target and destroy extraterrestrial assets. If there is even a 10% chance that this is
true ( I am convinced it is 100% accurate) we are dealing with a global diplomatic and
social crisis which is utterly out of our control but which puts the entire planet at risk.
Remember, covert reverse-engineering projects have resulted in huge quantum leaps
forward in technologies which, once applied to military systems, could be a real threat to ET
s which may be here peacefully. The attempts to rapidly militarize space is likely a result of
a myopic, militaristic and paranoid view of extraterrestrial projects and intentions. If left
unchecked, it can only result in catastrophe.
Indeed this group, no matter how well-intentioned, is in urgent need of exposure so that
global statesmen with a new perspective can intercede in this situation. While we see no
evidence that the ET civilizations are at all hostile, it is also clear that it is unlikely that they
will allow unfettered and growing interference with their operations. Self-defense is likely a
universal quality. And while tremendous restraint has been shown by the ET s thus far,
might there be a 'cosmic trip wire' if human covert technologies begin to reach parity and
we are using such advanced technologies in a bellicose fashion? The prospect is sobering.
jimmy carterWe need our Jimmy Carters and Dalai Lamas and other international statesmen
involved with so vast a problem. But if access is denied -and the subject remains
undisclosed and off the global radar screen - we are left with the unelected few to decide
our fate and act on our behalf. This must change, and soon.
In the final analysis, while the changes attendant such a disclosure related to UFOs and ET S
would be massive and profoundly impact virtually every aspect of life on Earth, it is still the
right thing to do. Secrecy has taken on a life of its own - it is a growing cancer which needs
to be cured before it destroys the life of Earth and all who dwell on her.
The reasons for secrecy are clear: global power, economic and technological control, geo-
political status quo, the fear of scandal surrounding the exposure of such projects and their
behavior and so forth.
But the one thing more dangerous than disclosure is continued secrecy. The Earth is dying
because we are killing her. The top 250 people and families in the world have the net worth
of 2.5 billion of our poorest citizens. The promising relationship between humanity and
people from other planets is being militarized and strained by failed thinking and failed
programs run completely in secret.
As daunting as disclosure may be, with all its potential for short-term instability and change,
continued secrecy means that we will destroy the Earth through our folly and greed. The

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 375, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
future of humanity, which has been delayed and hijacked for the past 50 years, cannot be
hijacked for 50 more. For we do not have 50 more years - the Earth's ecosystem will
collapse before then.
There are no easy choices. But there is one right one. Will you help us make it?
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Albemarle County
Virginia
14 April 1999
© Copyright Steven M. Greer M.D. 1999
