{"created_utc": "2026-08-27T22:27:18Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 200637, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18763-whatwillweeat.pdf", "source_sha256": "c1158eb8d011470d46600e5ebd63ff4def56788f4a1c8fe12e7ae8a700753f86"}

EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                   http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                Published on Monday, December 3, 2007 by Global Public Media

                What will we eat as the oil runs out?
                By Richard Heinberg

                The Lady Eve Balfour Lecture, November 22, 2007

                Our global food system faces a crisis of unprecedented scope. This crisis, which threatens to imperil the
                lives of hundreds of millions and possibly billions of human beings, consists of four simultaneously colliding
                dilemmas, all arising from our relatively recent pattern of dependence on depleting fossil fuels.

                The first dilemma consists of the direct impacts on agriculture of higher oil prices: increased costs for
                tractor fuel, agricultural chemicals, and the transport of farm inputs and outputs.

                The second is an indirect consequence of high oil prices - the increased demand for biofuels, which is
                resulting in farmland being turned from food production to fuel production, thus making food more costly.

                The third dilemma consists of the impacts of climate change and extreme weather events caused by
                fuel-based greenhouse gas emissions. Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis of our time;
                however, fossil fuel depletion complicates the situation enormously, and if we fail to address either problem
                properly the consequences will be dire.

                Finally comes the degradation or loss of basic natural resources (principally, topsoil and fresh water
                supplies) as a result of high rates, and unsustainable methods, of production stimulated by decades of
                cheap energy.

                Each of these problems is developing at a somewhat different pace regionally, and each is exacerbated by
                the continually expanding size of the human population. As these dilemmas collide, the resulting overall
                food crisis is likely to be profound and unprecedented in scope.

                I propose to discuss each of these dilemmas briefly and to show how all are intertwined with our societal
                reliance on oil and other fossil fuels. I will then argue that the primary solution to the overall crisis of the
                world food system must be a planned rapid reduction in the use of fossil fuels in the growing and delivery
                of food. As we will see, this strategy, though ultimately unavoidable, will bring enormous problems of its
                own unless it is applied with forethought and intelligence. But the organic movement is uniquely positioned
                to guide this inevitable transition of the world's food systems away from reliance on fossil fuels, if leaders
                and practitioners of the various strands of organic agriculture are willing to work together and with policy
                makers.

                Structural Dependency

                Until now, fossil fuels have been widely perceived as an enormous boon to humanity, and certainly to the
                human food system. After all, there was a time not so long ago when famine was an expected, if not
                accepted, part of life even in wealthy countries. Until the 19th century - whether in China, France, India or
                Britain - food came almost entirely from local sources and harvests were variable. In good years, there was
                plenty - enough for seasonal feasts and for storage in anticipation of winter and hard times to come; in bad
                years, starvation cut down the poor, the very young, the old, and the sickly. Sometimes bad years followed
                one upon another, reducing the size of the population by several percent. This was the normal condition of
                life in pre-industrial societies, and it persisted for thousands of years.1

                By the nineteenth century a profound shift in this ancient regime was under way. For Europeans, the export
                of surplus population to other continents, crop rotation, and the application of manures and composts were
                all gradually making famines less frequent and severe. European farmers, realizing the need for a new
                nitrogen source in order to continue feeding burgeoning and increasingly urbanized populations, began
                employing guano imported from islands off the coasts of Chile and Peru. The results were gratifying.


1 of 12                                                                                                                            12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                 http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                However, after only a few decades, these guano deposits were being depleted. By this time, in the late
                1890s, the world's population was nearly twice what it had been at the beginning of the century. A crisis
                was in view.

                But crisis was narrowly averted through the use of fossil fuels. In 1909, two German chemists named Fritz
                Haber and Carl Bosch invented a process to synthesize ammonia from atmospheric nitrogen and the
                hydrogen in fossil fuels. The process initially used coal as a feedstock, though later it was adapted to use
                natural gas. After the end of the Great War, nation after nation began building Haber-Bosch plants; today
                the process yields 150 million tons of ammonia-based fertilizer per year, producing a total quantity of
                available nitrogen equal to the amount introduced annually by all natural sources combined.2

                Fossil fuels went on to offer other ways of extending natural limits to the human carrying capacity of the
                planet.

                In the 1890s, roughly one quarter of British and American cropland had been set aside to grow grain to
                feed horses, of which most worked on farms. The internal combustion engine provided a new kind of
                horsepower not dependent on horses at all, and thereby increased the amount of arable land available to
                feed humans. Early steam-driven tractors had come into limited use in 19th century; but, after World War I,
                the effectiveness of powered farm machinery expanded dramatically, and the scale of use exploded
                throughout the twentieth century, especially in North America, Europe, and Australia.

                Chemists developed synthetic pesticides and herbicides in increasing varieties after World War II, using
                knowledge pioneered in laboratories that had worked to perfect explosives and other chemical warfare
                agents. Petrochemical-based pesticides not only increased crop yields in North America, Europe, and
                Australia, but also reduced the prevalence of insect-borne diseases like malaria. The world began to enjoy
                the benefits of "better living through chemistry," though the environmental costs, in terms of water and soil
                pollution and damage to vulnerable species, would only later become widely apparent.

                In the 1960s, industrial-chemical agricultural practices began to be exported to what by that time was being
                called the Third World: this was glowingly dubbed the Green Revolution, and it enabled a tripling of food
                production during the ensuing half-century.

                At the same time, the scale and speed of distribution of food increased. This also constituted a means of
                increasing human carrying capacity, though in a more subtle way. The trading of food goes back to
                Paleolithic times; but, with advances in transport, the quantities and distances involved gradually
                increased. Here again, fossil fuels were responsible for a dramatic discontinuity in the previously slow pace
                of growth. First by rail and steamship, then by truck and airplane, immense amounts of grain and
                ever-larger quantities of meat, vegetables, and specialty foods began to flow from countryside to city, from
                region to region, and from continent to continent.

                The end result of chemical fertilizers, plus powered farm machinery, plus increased scope of transportation
                and trade, was not just an enormous leap in crop yields, but a similar explosion of human population, which
                has grown over six-fold since dawn of industrial revolution.

                However, in the process, conventional industrial agriculture has become overwhelmingly dependent on
                fossil fuels. According to one study, approximately ten calories of fossil fuel energy are needed to produce
                each calorie of food energy in modern industrial agriculture.3 With globalized trade in food, many regions
                host human populations larger than local resources alone could possibly support. Those systems of global
                distribution and trade also rely on oil.

                Today, in the industrialized world, the frequency of famine that our ancestors knew and expected is hard to
                imagine. Food is so cheap and plentiful that obesity is a far more widespread concern than hunger. The
                average mega-supermarket stocks an impressive array of exotic foods from across the globe, and even
                staples are typically trucked or shipped from hundreds of miles away. All of this would be well and good if it
                were sustainable, but the fact that nearly all of this recent abundance depends on depleting, non-renewable
                fossil fuels whose burning emits climate-altering carbon dioxide gas means that the current situation is not
                sustainable. This means that it must and will come to an end.

                The Worsening Oil Supply Picture

                During the past decade a growing chorus of energy analysts has warned of the approach of "Peak Oil," the
                time when the global rate of extraction of petroleum will reach a maximum and begin its inevitable decline.


2 of 12                                                                                                                         12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                  http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                During this same decade, the price of oil has advanced from about US$12 per barrel to nearly $100 per
                barrel.

                While there is some dispute among experts as to when the peak will occur, there is none as to whether.
                The global peak is merely the cumulative result of production peaks in individual oilfields and whole
                oil-producing nations, and these mini-peaks are occurring at an increasing rate.

                The most famous and instructive national peak occurred in the US in 1970: at that time America produced
                9.5 million barrels of oil per day; the current figure is less than 5.2 Mb/d. While at one time the US was the
                world's foremost oil exporting nation, it is today the world's foremost importer.

                The history of US oil production also helps us evaluate the prospects for delaying the global peak. After
                1970, exploration efforts succeeded in identifying two enormous new American oil provinces - the North
                Slope of Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico. During this period, other kinds of liquid fuels (such as ethanol and
                gas condensates) began to supplement crude. Also, improvements in oil recovery technology helped to
                increase the proportion of the oil in existing fields able to be extracted. These are precisely the strategies
                (exploration, substitution, and technological improvements) that the oil producers are relying on to delay
                the global production peak. In the US, each of these strategies made a difference - but not enough to
                reverse, for more than a year or two at a time, the overall 37-year trend of declining production. To assume
                that the results for the world as a whole will be much different is probably unwise.

                The recent peak and decline in production of oil from the North Sea is of perhaps of more direct relevance
                to this audience. In just seven years, production from the British-controlled region has declined by almost
                half.

                How near is the global peak? Today the majority of oil-producing nations are seeing reduced output: in
                2006, BP's Statistical Review of World Energy reported declines in 27 of the 51 producing nations listed. In
                some instances, these declines will be temporary and are occurring because of lack of investment in
                production technology or domestic political problems. But in most instances the decline results from factors
                of geology: while older oil fields continue to yield crude, beyond a certain point it becomes impossible to
                maintain existing flow rates by any available means. As a result, over time there are fewer nations in the
                category of oil exporters and more nations in the category of oil importers.4

                Meanwhile global rates of discovery of new oilfields have been declining since 1964.5

                These two trends (a growing preponderance of past-peak producing nations, and a declining success rate
                for exploration) by themselves suggest that the world peak may be near.

                Clearly the timing of the global peak is crucial. If it happens soon, or if in fact it already has occurred, the
                consequences will be devastating. Oil has become the world's foremost energy resource. There is no ready
                substitute, and decades will be required to wean societies from it. Peak Oil could therefore constitute the
                greatest economic challenge since the dawn of the industrial revolution.

                An authoritative new study by the Energy Watch Group of Germany concludes that global crude production
                hit its maximum level in 2006 and has already begun its gradual decline.6 Indeed, the past two years have
                seen sustained high prices for oil, a situation that should provide a powerful incentive to increase
                production wherever possible. Yet actual aggregate global production of conventional petroleum has
                stagnated during this time; the record monthly total for crude was achieved in May 2005, 30 months ago.

                The latest medium-term report of the IEA, issued July 9, projects that world oil demand will rise by about
                2.2 percent per year until 2012 while production will lag, leading to what the report's authors call a "supply
                crunch."7

                Many put their hopes in coal and other low-grade fossil fuels to substitute for depleting oil. However, global
                coal production will hit its own peak perhaps as soon as 2025 according to the most recent studies, while
                so-called "clean coal" technologies are three decades away from widespread commercial application.8 Thus
                to avert a climate catastrophe from coal-based carbon emissions, our best hope is simply to keep most of
                the remaining coal in the ground.

                The Price of Sustenance


3 of 12                                                                                                                          12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                     http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                During these past two years, as oil prices have soared, food prices have done so as well. Farmers now
                face steeply increasing costs for tractor fuel, agricultural chemicals, and the transport of farm inputs and
                outputs. However, the linkage between fuel and food prices is more complicated than this, and there are
                other factors entirely separate from petroleum costs that have impacted food prices. I will attempt to sort
                these various linkages and influences out in a moment.

                First, however, it is worth taking a moment to survey the food price situation.

                An article by John Vidal published in the Guardian on November 3, titled "Global Food Crisis Looms As
                Climate Change and Fuel Shortages Bite," began this way:

                        Empty shelves in Caracas. Food riots in West Bengal and Mexico. Warnings of hunger in
                        Jamaica, Nepal, the Philippines and sub-Saharan Africa. Soaring prices for basic foods are
                        beginning to lead to political instability, with governments being forced to step in to artificially
                        control the cost of bread, maize, rice and dairy products.

                        Record world prices for most staple foods have led to 18 percent food price inflation in
                        China, 13 percent in Indonesia and Pakistan, and 10 percent or more in Latin America,
                        Russia and India, according to the UN Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO). Wheat has
                        doubled in price, maize is nearly 50 percent higher than a year ago and rice is 20 percent
                        more expensive. . . .

                        Last week the Kremlin forced Russian companies to freeze the price of milk, bread and other
                        foods until January 31. . . .

                        India, Yemen, Mexico, Burkina Faso and several other countries have had, or been close to,
                        food riots in the last year. . . . Meanwhile, there are shortages of beef, chicken and milk in
                        Venezuela and other countries as governments try to keep a lid on food price inflation.9

                Jacques Diouf, head of the FAO, said in London early this month, "If you combine the increase of the oil
                prices and the increase of food prices then you have the elements of a very serious [social] crisis. . . ."
                FAO statistics show that grain stocks have been declining for more than a decade and now stand at a
                mere 57 days, the lowest level in a quarter century, threatening what it calls "a very serious crisis."10

                According to Josette Sheeran, director of the UN's World Food Program (WFP), "There are 854 million
                hungry people in the world and 4 million more join their ranks every year. We are facing the tightest food
                supplies in recent history. For the world's most vulnerable, food is simply being priced out of their reach."11

                In its biannual Food Outlook report released November 7, the FAO predicted that higher food prices will
                force poor nations, especially those in sub-Saharan Africa, to cut food consumption and risk an increase in
                malnutrition. The report noted, "Given the firmness of food prices in the international markets, the situation
                could deteriorate further in the coming months."12

                Meanwhile, a story by Peter Apps in Reuters from October 16 noted that the cost of food aid is rising
                dramatically, just as the global need for aid is expanding. The amount of money that nations and
                international agencies set aside for food aid remains relatively constant, while the amount of food that
                money will buy is shrinking.13

                To be sure, higher food prices are good for farmers - assuming that at least some of the increase in price
                actually translates to higher income for growers. This is indeed the case for the poorest farmers, who have
                never adopted industrial methods. But for many others, the higher prices paid for food simply reflect higher
                production costs. Meanwhile, it is the urban poor who are impacted the worst.

                Impact of Biofuels

                One factor influencing food prices arises from the increasing incentives for farmers worldwide to grow
                biofuel crops rather than food crops. Ethanol and biodiesel can be produced from a variety of crops
                including maize, soy, rapeseed, sunflower, cassava, sugar cane, palm, and jatropha. As the price of oil
                rises, many farmers are finding that they can produce more income from their efforts by growing these
                crops and selling them to a biofuels plant, than by growing food crops either for their local community or for
                export.


4 of 12                                                                                                                        12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                   http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                Already nearly 20 percent of the US maize crop is devoted to making ethanol, and that proportion is
                expected to rise to one quarter, based solely on existing projects-in-development and government
                mandates. Last year US farmers grew 14 million tons of maize for vehicles. This took millions of hectares
                of land out of food production and nearly doubled the price of corn. Both Congress and the White House
                favor expanding ethanol production even further - to replace 20 percent of gasoline demand by 2017 - in an
                effort to promote energy security by reducing reliance on oil imports. Other nations including Britain are
                mandating increased biofuel production or imports as a way of reducing carbon emissions, though most
                analyses show that the actual net reduction in CO2 will be minor or nonexistent.14

                The US is responsible for 70 percent of world maize exports, and countries such as Mexico, Japan, and
                Egypt that depend on American corn farmers use maize both as food for people and feed for animals. The
                ballooning of the US ethanol industry is therefore impacting food availability in other nations both directly
                and indirectly, raising the price for tortillas in Mexico and disrupting the livestock and poultry industries in
                Europe and Africa.

                Grain, a Barcelona-based food-resources NGO, reports that the Indian government is committed to planting
                14 million hectares with Jatropha for biodiesel production. Meanwhile, Brazil plans to grow 120 million
                hectares of fuel crops, and Africa up to 400 million hectares. While currently unproductive land will be used
                for much of this new production, many millions of people will be forced off that land in the process.15

                Lester Brown, founder of the Washington-based Earth Policy Institute, has said: "The competition for grain
                between the world's 800 million motorists, who want to maintain their mobility, and its two billion poorest
                people, who are simply trying to survive, is emerging as an epic issue."16 This is an opinion no longer being
                voiced just by environmentalists. In its twice-yearly report on the world economy, released October 17, the
                International Monetary Fund noted that, "The use of food as a source of fuel may have serious implications
                for the demand for food if the expansion of biofuels continues."17 And earlier this month, Oxfam warned the
                EU that its policy of substituting ten percent of all auto fuel with biofuels threatened to displace poor
                farmers. Jean Ziegler, a UN special rapporteur went so far as to call the biofuel trade "a crime against
                humanity," and echoed journalist George Monbiot's call for a five-year moratorium on government mandates
                and incentives for biofuel expansion.18

                The British government has pledged that "only the most sustainable biofuels" will be used in the UK, but, as
                Monbiot has recently noted, there are no explicit standards to define "sustainable" biofuels, and there are
                no means to enforce those standards in any case.19

                Impact of Climate Change and Environmental Degradation

                Beyond the push for biofuels, the food crisis is also being driven by extreme weather events and
                environmental degradation.

                The phrase "global warming" implies only the fact that the world's average temperature increase by a
                degree or more over the next few decades. The much greater problem for farmers is destabilization of
                weather patterns. We face not just a warmer climate, but climate chaos: droughts, floods, and stronger
                storms in general (hurricanes, cyclones, tornadoes, hail storms) - in short, unpredictable weather of all
                kinds. Farmers depend on relatively consistent seasonal patterns of rain and sun, cold and heat; a climate
                shift can spell the end of farmers' ability to grow a crop in a given region, and even a single freak storm
                can destroy an entire year's national production for some crops. Given the fact that modern agriculture has
                become highly centralized due to cheap transport and economies of scale, the damage from that freak
                storm is today potentially continental or even global in scale. We have embarked on a century in which,
                increasingly, freakish weather is normal.

                According to the UN's World Food Program (WFP), 57 countries, including 29 in Africa, 19 in Asia and nine
                in Latin America, have been hit by catastrophic floods. Harvests have been affected by drought and
                heatwaves in south Asia, Europe, China, Sudan, Mozambique and Uruguay.20

                Last week the Australian government said drought had slashed predictions of winter harvests by nearly 40
                percent, or four million tons. "It is likely to be even smaller than the disastrous drought-ravaged 2006-07
                harvest and the worst in more than a decade," said the Bureau of Agriculture and Resource.21

                In addition to climate chaos, we must contend with the depletion or degradation of several resources
                essential to agriculture.


5 of 12                                                                                                                            12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                  http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                Phosphorus is set to become much more scarce and expensive, according to a study by Patrick Déry, a
                Canadian agriculture and environment analyst and consultant. Using data from the US Geological Survey,
                Déry performed a peaking analysis on phosphate rock, similar to the techniques used by petroleum
                geologists to forecast declines in production from oilfields. He found that "we have already passed the
                phosphate peak [of production] for United States (1988) and for the World (1989)." We will not completely
                run out of rock phosphate any time soon, but we will be relying on lower-grade ores as time goes on, with
                prices inexorably rising.22

                At the same time, soil erosion undermines food production and water availability, as well as producing 30
                percent of climate-changing greenhouse gases. Each year, roughly 100,000 square kilometres of land
                loses its vegetation and becomes degraded or turns into desert, altering the temperature and energy
                balance of the planet.23

                Finally, yet another worrisome environmental trend is the increasing scarcity of fresh water. According to
                United Nations estimates, one third of the world's population lives in areas with water shortages and 1.1
                billion people lack access to safe drinking water. That situation is expected to worsen dramatically over the
                next few decades. Climate change has provoked more frequent and intense droughts in sub-tropical areas
                of Asia and Africa, exacerbating shortages in some of the world's poorest countries.

                While human population tripled in the 20th century, the use of renewable water resources has grown
                six-fold. According to Bridget Scanlon and colleagues, writing in Water Resources Research this past
                March 27, in the last 100 years irrigated agriculture expanded globally by 480 percent, and it is projected to
                increase another 20 percent by 2030 in developing countries. Irrigation is expanding fastest in countries
                such as China and India. Global irrigated agriculture now accounts for almost 90 percent of global
                freshwater consumption, despite representing only 18 percent of global cropland. In addition to drawing
                down aquifers and surface water sources, it also degrades water quality, as salts in soils are mobilized,
                and as fertilizers and pesticides leach into aquifers and streams.24

                These problems all interact and compound one another. For example, soil degradation produces growing
                shortages of water, since soil and vegetation act as a sponge that holds and gradually releases water. Soil
                degradation also worsens climate change as increased evaporation triggers more extreme weather.

                This month the UN Environment Program concluded that the planet's water, land, air, plants, animals and
                fish stocks are all in "inexorable decline." Much of this decline is due to agriculture, which constitutes the
                greatest single source of human impact on the biosphere.25

                In the face of all these daunting challenges, the world must produce more food every year to keep up with
                population growth. Zafar Adeel, director of the International Network on Water, Environment and Health
                (INWEH), has calculated that more food will have to be produced during the next 50 years than during the
                last 10,000 years combined.26

                What Is the Solution?

                International food agency officials spin out various scenarios to describe how our currently precarious
                global food system might successfully adapt and expand. Perhaps markets will automatically readjust to
                shortages, higher prices making it more profitable once again to grow crops for people rather than cars.
                New designer-gene crop varieties could help crops adapt to capricious climactic conditions, to require less
                water, or to grow in more marginal soils. And if people were to simply eat less meat, more land could be
                freed up to grow food for humans rather than farm animals. A slowdown or reversal in population growth
                would naturally ease pressures on the food system, while the cultivation of currently unproductive land
                could help increase supplies.

                However, given the scale of the crisis facing us, merely to assume that these things will happen, or that
                they will be sufficient to overcome the dilemmas we have been discussing, seems overly optimistic,
                perhaps even to the point of irresponsibility.

                One hopeful sign is that governments and international agencies are beginning to take the situation
                seriously. This month the World Bank issued a major report, "Agriculture for Development," whose main
                author, economist Alain de Janvry, appears to reverse his institution's traditional stance. For a
                half-century, development agencies such as the World Bank have minimized the importance of agriculture,
                urging nations to industrialize and urbanize as rapidly as possible. Indeed, the Bank has not featured


6 of 12                                                                                                                          12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                  http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                agriculture in an annual report since 1982. De Janvry says that, since half the world's population and
                three-quarters of the world's poor live in rural areas where food production is the mainstay of the economy,
                farming must be central to efforts to reduce hunger and poverty.27

                Many agencies, including the INWEH, are now calling for an end to the estimated 30 billion dollars in food
                subsidies in the North that contribute directly to land degradation in Africa and elsewhere, and that force
                poor farmers to intensify their production in order to compete.28

                In addition, there are calls for sweeping changes in how land use decisions are made at all levels of
                government. Because soil, water, energy, climate, biodiversity, and food production are interconnected,
                integrated policy-making is essential. Yet policies currently are set by various different governmental
                departments and agencies that often have little understanding of one another's sectors.

                Delegates at a soils forum in Iceland this month took up a proposal for a formal agreement on protecting
                the world's soils. And the World Water Council is promoting a range of programs to ensure the availability of
                clean water especially to people in poorer countries.29

                All these efforts are laudable; however, they largely fail to address the common sources of the dilemmas
                we face - human population growth, and society's and agriculture's reliance on fossil fuels.

                The solution most often promoted by the biggest companies within the agriculture industry - the
                bioengineering of crops and farm animals - does little or nothing to address these deeper causes. One can
                fantasize about modifying maize or rice to fix nitrogen in the way that legumes do, but so far efforts in that
                direction have failed. Meanwhile, and the bio-engineering industry itself consumes fossil fuels, and
                assumes the continued availability of oil for tractors, transportation, chemicals production, and so on.30

                To get to the heart of the crisis, we need a more fundamental reform of agriculture than anything we have
                seen in many decades. In essence, we need an agriculture that does not require fossil fuels.

                The idea is not new. The aim of substantially or entirely removing fossil fuels from agriculture is implicit in
                organic farming in all its various forms and permutations - including ecological agriculture, Biodynamics,
                Permaculture, Biointensive farming, and Natural Farming. All also have in common a prescription for the
                reduction or elimination of tillage, and the reduction or elimination of reliance on mechanized farm
                equipment. Nearly all of these systems rely on increased amounts of human labor, and on greater
                application of place-specific knowledge of soils, microorganisms, weather, water, and interactions between
                plants, animals, and humans.

                Critics of organic or biological agriculture have always contended that chemical-free and less-mechanized
                forms of food production are incapable of feeding the burgeoning human population. This view is
                increasingly being challenged.

                A recent survey of studies, by Christos Vasilikiotis, Ph.D., U.C. Berkeley, titled "Can Organic Farming Feed
                the World?", concluded: "From the studies mentioned above and from an increasing body of case studies, it
                is becoming evident that organic farming does not result in either catastrophic crop losses due to pests nor
                in dramatically reduced yields. . . ."31

                The most recent publication on the subject, by Perfecto et al., in Renewable Agriculture and Food Systems,
                found that "Organic farming can yield up to three times as much food on individual farms in developing
                countries, as [conventional] methods on the same land. . . ."32

                Moreover, is clear that ecological agriculture could help directly to address the dilemmas we have been
                discussing.

                Regarding water, organic production can help by building soil structure, thus reducing the need for
                irrigation. And with no petrochemical runoff, water quality is not degraded.33

                Soil erosion and land degradation can be halted and even reversed: by careful composting, organic farmers
                have demonstrated the ability to build humus at many times the natural rate.34

                Climate change can be addressed, by keeping carbon molecules in the soil and in forests and grasslands.
                Indeed, as much as 20 percent of anticipated net fossil fuel emissions between now and 2050 could be


7 of 12                                                                                                                           12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                   http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                stored in this way, according to Maryam Niamir-Fuller of the U.N. Development Program.35

                Natural gas depletion will mean higher prices and shortages for ammonia-based nitrogen fertilizers. But
                ecologically sound organic-biological agricultural practices use plant and manure-based fertilizers rather
                than fossil fuels. And when farmers concentrate on building healthy topsoil rich in beneficial microbes,
                plants have reduced needs for nitrogen.36

                The impending global shortage of phosphate will be more difficult to address, as there is no substitute for
                this substance. The only solution here will be to recycle nutrients by returning all animal and humans
                manures to cultivated soil, as Asian farmers did for many centuries, and as many ecological farmers have
                long advocated.37

                What Will Be Needed

                How might we actually accomplish this comprehensive transformation or world agriculture? Some clues are
                offered by the example of a society that has already experienced and dealt with a fossil-fuel famine.

                In the late 1980s, farmers in Cuba were highly reliant on cheap fuels and petrochemicals imported from the
                Soviet Union, using more agrochemicals per acre than their US counterparts. In 1990, as the Soviet empire
                collapsed, Cuba lost those imports and faced an agricultural crisis. The average Cuban lost 20 pounds of
                body weight and malnutrition was nearly universal. The Cuban GDP fell dramatically and inhabitants of the
                island nation experienced a substantial decline in their material standard of living.38

                Several agronomists at Cuban universities had for many years been advocating a transition to organic
                methods. Cuban authorities responded to the crisis by giving these ecological agronomists carte blanche to
                redesign the nation's food system. Officials broke up large state-owned farms, offered land to farming
                families, and encouraged the formation of small agricultural co-ops. Cuban farmers began employing oxen
                as a replacement for the tractors they could no longer afford to fuel. Cuban scientists began investigating
                biological methods of pest control and soil fertility enhancement. The government sponsored widespread
                education in organic food production, and the Cuban people adopted a mostly vegetarian diet out of
                necessity. Salaries for agricultural workers were raised, in many cases to above the levels of urban office
                workers. Urban gardens were encouraged in parking lots and on public lands, and thousands of rooftop
                gardens appeared. Small food animals such as chickens and rabbits began to be raised on rooftops as
                well.

                As a result of these efforts, Cuba was able to avoid what might otherwise have been a severe famine.

                If the rest of the world does not plan for a reduction in fossil fuel use in agriculture, its post-peak-oil
                agricultural transition may be far less successful than was Cuba's. Already in poor countries, farmers who
                are attempting to apply industrial methods but cannot afford tractor fuel and petrochemical inputs are
                watching their crops fail. Soon farmers in wealthier nations will be having a similar experience.

                Where food is still being produced, there will be the challenge of getting it to the stores. Britain had a taste
                of this problem in 2000; David Strahan relates in his brilliant book The Last Oil Shock how close Britain
                came to political chaos then as truckers went on strike because of high fuel costs. He writes:
                "Supermarket shelves were being stripped of staple foods in scenes of panic buying. Sainsbury, Asda, and
                Safeway reported that some branches were having to ration bread and milk."39 This was, of course, merely
                a brief interruption in the normal functioning of the British energy-food system. In the future we may be
                facing instead what my colleague James Howard Kunstler calls "the long emergency."40

                How will Britain and the rest of the world cope? What will be needed to ensure a successful transition away
                from an oil-based food system, as opposed to a haphazard and perhaps catastrophic one?

                Because ecological organic farming methods are often dramatically more labor- and knowledge-intensive
                than industrial agriculture, their adoption will require an economic transformation of societies. The transition
                to a non-fossil-fuel food system will take time. Nearly every aspect of the process by which we feed
                ourselves must be redesigned. And, given the likelihood that global oil peak will occur soon, this transition
                must occur at a forced pace, backed by the full resources of national governments.

                Without cheap transportation fuels we will have to reduce the amount of food transportation that occurs,
                and make necessary transportation more efficient. This implies increased local food self-sufficiency. It also
                implies problems for large cities that have been built in arid regions capable of supporting only small


8 of 12                                                                                                                        12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                 http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                populations from their regional resource base. In some cases, relocation of people on a large scale may be
                necessary.

                We will need to grow more food in and around cities. Recently, Oakland California adopted a food policy
                that mandates by 2015 the growing within a fifty-mile radius of city center of 40 percent of the vegetables
                consumed in the city.41

                Localization of food systems means moving producers and consumers of food closer together, but it also
                means relying on the local manufacture and regeneration of all of the elements of the production process -
                from seeds to tools and machinery. This again would appear to rule out agricultural bioengineering, which
                favors the centralized production of patented seed varieties, and discourages the free saving of seeds
                from year to year by farmers.

                Clearly, we must also minimize indirect chemical inputs to agriculture - such as those introduced in
                packaging and processing.

                We will need to re-introduce draft animals in agricultural production. Oxen may be preferable to horses in
                many instances, because the former can eat straw and stubble, while the latter would compete with
                humans for grains. We can only bring back working animals to the extent that we can free up land with
                which to produce food for them. One way to do that would be to reduce the number of farm animals grown
                for meat.

                Governments must also provide incentives for people to return to an agricultural life. It would be a mistake
                to think of this simply in terms of the need for a larger agricultural work force. Successful traditional
                agriculture requires social networks and intergenerational sharing of skills and knowledge. We need not just
                more agricultural workers, but a rural culture that makes farming a rewarding way of life capable of
                attracting young people.

                Farming requires knowledge and experience, and so we will need education for a new generation of farmers;
                but only some of this education can be generic - much of it must of necessity be locally appropriate.

                It will be necessary as well to break up the corporate mega-farms that produce so much of today's cheap
                food. Industrial agriculture implies an economy of scale that will be utterly inappropriate and unworkable for
                post-industrial food systems. Thus land reform will be required in order to enable smallholders and farming
                co-ops to work their own plots.

                In order for all of this to happen, governments must end subsidies to industrial agriculture and begin
                subsidizing post-industrial agricultural efforts. There are many ways this could be done. The present regime
                of subsidies is so harmful that merely stopping it in its tracks might be advantageous; but, given the fact
                that rapid adaptation is essential, offering subsidies for education, no-interest loans for land purchase, and
                technical support during the transition from chemical to organic production would be essential.

                Finally, given carrying-capacity limits, food policy must include population policy. We must encourage
                smaller families by means of economic incentives and improve the economic and educational status of
                women in poorer countries.

                All of this constitutes a gargantuan task, but the alternatives - doing nothing or attempting to solve our
                food-production problems simply by applying mere techno-fixes - will almost certainly lead to dire
                consequences. All of the worrisome trends mentioned earlier would intensify to the point that the human
                carrying capacity of Earth would be degraded significantly, and perhaps to a large degree permanently.42

                So far we have addressed the responsibility of government in facilitating the needed transformation in
                agriculture. Consumers can help enormously by becoming more conscious of their food choices, seeking
                out locally produced organic foods and reducing meat consumption.

                The organic movement, while it may view the crisis in industrial agriculture as an opportunity, also bears an
                enormous responsibility. In the example of Cuba just cited, the active lobbying of organic agronomists
                proved crucial. Without that guiding effort on the part of previously marginalized experts, the authorities
                would have had no way to respond. Now crisis is at hand for the world as a whole. The organic movement
                has most of the answers that will be needed; however, its message still isn't getting through. Three things
                will be necessary to change that.


9 of 12                                                                                                                       12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                    1. The various strands of the organic movement must come together so that they can speak to
                       national and international policy makers with a unified voice.
                    2. The leaders of this newly unified organic movement must produce a coherent plan for a global
                       transition to a post-fossil-fuel food system. Organic farmers and their organizations have been
                       promoting some of the needed policies for decades in a piecemeal fashion. Now, however, there is
                       an acute need for a clearly formulated, comprehensive, alternative national and global food policy,
                       and there is little time to communicate and implement it. It is up to the organic movement to
                       proactively seek out policy makers and promote this coherent alternative, just as it is up to
                       representatives of government at all levels to listen.
                    3. I have just called for unity in the organic movement, and to achieve this it will be necessary to
                       address a recent split within the movement. What might be called traditional organic remains
                       focused on small-scale, labor-intensive, local production for local consumption. In contrast to this,
                       the more recently emerging corporate organic model merely removes petrochemicals from
                       production, while maintaining nearly all the other characteristics of the modern industrial food
                       system. This trend may be entirely understandable in terms of the economic pressures and
                       incentives within the food industry as a whole. However, corporate organic has much less to offer in
                       terms of solutions to the emerging crisis. Thus as the various strands of the organic movement
                       come together, they should do so in light of the larger societal necessity. The discussion must
                       move beyond merely gaining market share; it must focus on averting famine under crisis conditions.

                To conclude, let me simply restate what is I hope clear by now: Given the fact that fossil fuels are limited
                in quantity and that we are already in view of the global oil production peak, we must turn to a food system
                that is less fuel-reliant, even if the process is problematic in many ways. Of course, the process will take
                time; it is a journey that will take place over decades. Nevertheless, it must begin soon, and it must begin
                with a comprehensive plan. The transition to a fossil-fuel-free food system does not constitute a distant
                utopian proposal. It is an unavoidable, immediate, and immense challenge that will call for unprecedented
                levels of creativity at all levels of society. A hundred years from now, everyone will be eating what we
                today would define as organic food, whether or not we act. But what we do now will determine how many will
                be eating, what state of health will be enjoyed by those future generations, and whether they will live in a
                ruined cinder of a world, or one that is in the process of being renewed and replenished.

                Notes

                1. See Fernand Braudel, The Structures of Everyday Life (New York: Harper & Row, 1982)
                2. See Vaclav Smil, Enriching the Earth: Fritz Haber, Carl Bosch, and the Transformation of World Food
                Production (Boston: WIT Press, 2004)
                3. David Pimentel, "Constraints on the Expansion of Global Food Supply," Kindell, Henry H. and Pimentel,
                David. Ambio Vol. 23 No. 3, May 1994. The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
                http://www.dieoff.com/page36htm
                4. See also Roger D. Blanchard, The Future of Global Oil Production: Facts, Figures, Trend and Projections
                (Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland, 2005)
                5. Longwell, "The future of the oil and gas industry: past approaches, new challenges," World Energy Vol. 5
                #3, 2002 http://www.worldenergysource.com/articles/pdf/longwell_WE_v5n3.pdf
                6. Energy Watch Group, "Crude Oil - The Supply Outlook,"
                http://www.energywatchgroup.de/fileadmin/global/pdf/EWG_Oilreport_10-2007.pdf
                7. "Oil Supplies Face More Pressure," BBC online, July 9 2007
                http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/6283992.stm
                8. Energy Watch Group, "Coal: Resources and Future Production" (April, 2007).
                http://www.energywatchgroup.org/files/Coalreport.pdf
                9. John Vidal, "Global Food Crisis Looms as Climate Change and Fuel Shortages Bite," The Guardian, Nov.
                3, 2007 http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2007/nov/03/food.climatechange
                10. Jacques Diouf quoted in John Vidal, op. cit.
                11. http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2007/nov/03/food.climatechange
                12. http://www.fao.org/docrep/010/ah876e/ah876e00.htm
                13. Peter Apps, "Cost of Food Aid Soars As Global Need Rises, Reuters, October 16
                http://africa.reuters.com/top/news/usnBAN648660.html
                14. See Jack Santa Barbara, The False Promise of Biofuels (San Francisco: International Forum on
                Globalization, 2007)
                15. Vidal, op. cit.
                16. Lester Brown quoted in Vidal, op. cit.
                17. "IMF Concerned by Impact of Biofuels of Food Prices," Industry Week online, October 18, 2007,
                http://www.industryweek.com/ReadArticle.aspx?ArticleID=15197


10 of 12                                                                                                                   12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                    http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                18. Ziegler, quoted by George Monbiot
                http://www.monbiot.com/archives/2007/11/06/an-agricultural-crime-against-humanity/
                19. Monbiot, op. cit.
                20. Vidal, op. cit.
                21. Vidal, op. cit.
                22. Patrick Déry and Bart Anderson, "Peak Phosphorus," http://energybulletin.net/33164.html
                23. http://www.ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=39083
                24. "Agriculture Consuming World's Water," Geotimes online, June 2007
                http://www.geotimes.org/june07/article.html?id=nn_agriculture.html
                25. "Unsustainable Development 'Puts Humanity at Risk'," New Scientist online, October 17 2007,
                http://environment.newscientist.com/article/dn12834
                26. "Between Hungry People and Climate Change, Soils Need Help," Environmental New Service, August
                31, 2007, http://www.ens-newswire.com/ens/aug2007/2007-08-31-03.asp
                27. Celia W. Dugger, "World Bank Puts Agriculture at Center of Anti-Poverty Effort," New York Times,
                October 20, 2007, http://www.nytimes.com...
                28. Stephen Leahy, "Dirt Isn't So Cheap After All," http://www.ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=39083
                29. Ibid.; http://www.worldwatercouncil.org
                30. See, for example, William M. Muir, "Potential environmental risks and hazards of biotechnology,"
                http://www.biotech-info.net/potential_risks.html
                31. http://www.cnr.berkeley.edu/~christos/articles/cv_organic_farming.html
                32. (vol 22, p 86) University of Michigan, July 10, 2007
                33. "Organic Agriculture," FAO report, 1999, http://www.fao.org/unfao/bodies/COAG/COAG15/X0075E.htm
                34. Ibid.
                35. "Between Hungry People and Climate Change, Soils Need Help," Environmental New Service, August
                31, 2007, http://www.ens-newswire.com/ens/aug2007/2007-08-31-03.asp
                36. FAO, op. cit.
                37. F.H. King, Farmers of Forty Centuries: Organic Farming in China, Korea and Japan, (New York: Dover
                Publications, 1911, ed. 2004)
                38. The story of how Cuba responded to its oil famine is described in the film, "The Power of Community,"
                http://www.powerofcommunity.org
                39. David Strahan, The Last Oil Shock (London: John Murray, 2007), p. 15
                40. James Howard Kunstler, The Long Emergency (Nerw York: Atlantic Monthly Press, 2005)
                41. Matthew Green, "Oakland Looks toward Greener Pastures," Edible East Bay, Spring 2007,
                http://www.edibleeastbay.com/pages/articles/spring2007/pdfs/oakland.pdf
                42. Peter Goodchild, "Agriculture In A Post-Oil Economy," 22 September, 2007
                http://www.countercurrents.org/goodchild220907.htm

                ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Editorial Notes ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                Posted in full because of its importance. This is Museletter #188, also appearing at Richard Heinberg's
                website and at Global Public Media.

                The Oil Depletion Analysis Center (ODAC) in the UK posted further information on this talk and its reception
                their bulletin, as follows:

                On the 22nd November, Richard Heinberg, Peak Oil educator extraordinaire, gave the Soil Association's
                annual Lady Eve Balfour Memorial Lecture, entitled What Will We Eat When The Oil Runs Out? A lecture
                outline, short summary of the event on YouTube, full transcript of the lecture and podcast, plus further
                information on the panel discussion that followed, are available from the Soil Association website.

                An ODAC contact, Simon Wheeler, attended the lecture/panel discussion and took some notes on ODAC's
                behalf. Read Simon's thoughts.

                David Strahan interviewed Richard Heinberg at the event. See Localise and go organic to avert post-peak
                famine - Heinberg (article plus podcast).

                The lecture was reported by the UK's largest (by sales) broadsheet newspaper, The Telegraph. The article
                was in the 'Earth' section of the newspaper: Apocalyptic vision of a post-fossil fuel world. Such a gloomy
                title does not exactly inspire, as in 'must read', but it is still a pretty good article because it focuses on the
                positive, what can and must be done to avoid said apocalypse.

                -BA


11 of 12                                                                                                                         12/3/07 1:59 PM
EnergyBulletin.net :: What will we eat as the oil runs out?                                           http://www.energybulletin.net/print.php?id=38091


                Article found at :
                http://www.energybulletin.net/newswire.php?id=38091

                Original article :
                http://globalpublicmedia.com/richard_heinbergs_museletter_what_will_we_eat_as_the_oil_runs_out


12 of 12                                                                                                                             12/3/07 1:59 PM
