{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:49:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 118, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 803463, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18767-workinggroupmanual.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc2e5aada3a6ccc11c4d179d38dc892e338417f8c9f2289afc67aab59849c8a9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 221, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
CSETI

Center for the Study
of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence

Working Group
Training Manual

STEVEN M. GREER, M.D.
International Director

P. O. Box 265
Crozet, VA 22932-0265
USA
http://www.cseti.org

Copyright 1995-2011

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 1098, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table of Contents
CONTENTS
Statement of Nondiscrimination Policy.
CSETI Philosophy...
Dr. Steven Greer - Biography....
Glossary of Terms..
Nonlocal Mind/Unbounded Consciousness.
Categories of Unconventional Experiences.
The CSETI Team: Meaning and Professionalism.
Qualities, Attributes & Code of Ethics for CSETI Researchers
Components of a CSETI Working Group
Transcript of Workshop…....
Introduction to Field Work.....
Guidelines and Training for Field Work
CSETI Working Group Handbook
Protocol Evolution for the CE-5 Initiative Working Group
A Primer for Working Group Coordinators /
Research Associate Application.
Guideline and Policies for
CSETI Rapid Mobilization Investigative Teams..
Liability Release.........
Page
1
3
5
7
9
11
13
15
19
21
..61
...71
..85
95
104
109
113
Audio CDs Included in the Contact Package
1. The CE-5 Initiative: The Functions of the Working Groups †
2. Coherent Thought Sequencing - Instructional and Practice †
3. CSETI Field Work Sound Tracks
† Original Digital Audio Tape (DAT) by Wayne Kilbourn. Transcripts of these are included on the CD with
this manual

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 677, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
STATEMENT OF NONDISCRIMINATION POLICY
CSETI is committed to a nondiscrimination policy. Its general membership is
open to all persons regardless of race, color, ethnic origin, nationality, gender,
sexual orientation, educational level, religion, creed, or planet of origin.
All such persons named above are similarly welcome as research associates,
provided they agree with, in practice and principle, the policies and procedures of
CSETI research teams.
CSETI is committed to the principle of affirmative action as a means of ensuring
that its diplomatic and research teams are truly representative of the diversity
present in humanity and other intelligent life forms.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1889, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Philosophy
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI) is an
international non-profit scientific and diplomatic research organization dedicated
to investigating extraterrestrial intelligence (ETI) and civilizations, and was
founded in 1990 by Dr. Steven M. Greer.
After a thorough review of existing evidence about unidentified flying objects
(UFOS), CSETI believes that Earth is being regularly visited by extraterrestrial
intelligence - with non-hostile intent - in extraterrestrial spacecraft. The ultimate
goal of CSETI is to establish mutually sustainable relationships with ETI through
peaceful, systematic means and the good will of global citizens.
In order to establish its bilateral mission between all human beings and any and
all ETs, CSETI has developed a system of research-driven communication
protocols and public education programs. The principle research platform is the
CE-5 (Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind) Initiative.
The CE-5 Initiative involves scientists, investigators and others who voluntarily
initiate human contact and/or interaction between extraterrestrial spacecraft and
their occupants. CE-5s are active, real-time research activities conducted on site
by trained working group members, using scientific and diplomatic methods to
establish a non-aggressive and evolutionary relationship between humans and
extraterrestrial peoples.
CSETI utilizes the Contact Trilogy to initiate a CE-5 by using a tri-modal
communication process developed by Dr. Greer. The modalities include:
• Lasers and visual ground formations which convey intentional, intelligent
activity in the sky
• Specific auditory tones recorded at previous UFO sightings and close
encounters.
• Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS), a consciousness/visualization
technique employed by working group members to enhance the CE-5
setting and research staging area.
3

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1782, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN M. GREER, MD
Biography
Steven M. Greer, MD is Founder of The Disclosure Project, The Center for the
Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI) and The Orion Project.
Father of the Disclosure movement, he presided over the groundbreaking
National Press Club Disclosure Event in May, 2001. Over 20 military,
government, intelligence and corporate witnesses presented compelling
testimony regarding the existence of extraterrestrial life forms visiting the planet,
and the reverse engineering of the energy and propulsion systems of these craft.
Over one billion people heard of the press conference through the original
webcast and on subsequent media coverage on BBC, CNN, CNN Worldwide,
Voice of America, Pravda, Chinese media, and media outlets throughout Latin
America. The webcast had 250,000 people waiting online- the largest webcast in
the history of the National Press Club at that time.
A lifetime member of Alpha Omega Alpha, the nation's most prestigious medical
honor society, Dr. Greer has now retired as an emergency physician to work with
CSETI and The Orion Project. During part of his career, he was chairman of the
Department of Emergency Medicine at Caldwell Memorial Hospital in North
Carolina.
He is the author of four insightful books and multiple DVDs on the UFO/ET
subject. He teaches groups throughout the world how to make peaceful contact
with extraterrestrial
civilizations, and continues to research bringing truly
alternative energy sources out to the public.
Dr. Greer has been seen and heard by millions world-wide on CBS, the BBC,
The Discovery Channel and NTV in Japan. He has been on programs including
The Larry King Show, Unsolved Mysteries, Sightings, Encounters, the Art Bell
radio show, and dozens of other TV and radio programs.
5

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 2, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 10, "variant": "clean-vision"}
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1606, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
Glossary of Terms
Close Encounter of the First Kind (CE-1): Observation of a UFO within 500
feet.
Close Encounter of the Second Kind (CE-2): Trace evidence of either a
landing or a radar lock-on.
Close Encounter of the Third Kind (CE-3):
usually associated with UFO activity.
Observation
humanoids,
Close Encounter of the Fourth Kind (CE-4): Interaction with humanoids,
usually aboard a UFO.
Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind (CE-5): Human-initiated contact or
interaction with Extraterrestrial Intelligence or beings, often associated with UFO
activity or other CE-5 contact levels.
ETI: Extraterrestrial Intelligence
EBE: Extraterrestrial Biological Entity
Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS): Specifically sequenced mental
visualization projected only after reaching a state of unbound mind or expanded
consciousness.
Contact Trilogy: CSETI communication protocols designed to establish a CE-5
with EBEs, ETS or ETI by using modalities of light, sound, and thought (see
CTS).
High Strangeness: The inexplicable effects and synchronicity of events related
to and occurring before, during, and after research missions, various Close
Encounters or UFO/ETS sightings.
Lock-On: The moment when intelligent signaling or coherent thought to a
spacecraft and its occupants is returned in kind.
RMIT: Rapid Mobilization Investigation Team - A CSETI group of researchers
and scientists who are "on call" to respond to significant UFO/ETI/ETS activity.
UFO: Unidentified Flying Object
UFO Wave: Multiple UFO sightings in a specific geographic area over a relatively
short period of time. Also called a "flap".

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1262, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nonlocal Mind/Unbounded Consciousness:
Associated Experiences, Abilities,
and Levels of Consciousness
Levels of Consciousness:
1.
Il.
Ill.
IV.
Pure Unbounded Consciousness / Pure Nonlocal Mind, experienced in is
fullness = samadhi, "the beatific state"
"Cosmic Consciousness" = Pure Unbounded Consciousness while yet
awake, ore even in sleep and with dreams; the first "higher state of
consciousness"
"God Consciousness" - as with Cosmic Consciousness, but perception is
broadened to include "celestial perception," perception of finest aspects of
relative creation.
Unity Consciousness - as in God Consciousness above, but perception
extends to the realization of Unbounded Mind in/through/as every aspect
of relative existence.
(And it goes on from there....)
Experiences Along the Journey which naturally develop and which appear at
various points for each individual:
Telepathy
Precognition
Lucid Dreams
Precognitive Dreams
* Remote Viewing
(while awake or in dream state)
Telekinesis
Teleportation
Transmutation
Healing Abilities (remote and in-
person)
Celestial Perception (of fine aspects
of reality, "angels," etc.)
Levitation (of self or objects)
Out of Body Experiences
Materialization/Dematerialization
Bi-Location
And others too numerous to count
9

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 1104, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* Remote Viewing: The ability to "see," via non-local mind, events, places,
people regardless of space or time; by accessing non-local mind, you can "see"
any place in any point in time (past, present, or future). By definition, non-local
mind is not bound by time or space. Once this is understood, and one becomes
proficient at accessing the aspect of one's consciousness, which is non-local,
then the extraordinary slowly becomes routine, and all things are possible.
Every higher, intelligent life form is potentially capable of having all of the above
experiences; this includes humans and other higher life forms, which have
evolved on other planets. The only prerequisite is to be able to be aware of
awareness itself. If you can be aware of awareness, then you can be aware of
awareness in its non-local, unbounded form. It is likely that the study of
consciousness, in all of its aspects and manifestations, will be the great focus of
study and science in the coming centuries. Consciousness is the integrating
thread, the highest
common denominator, and the
foundation
interplanetary unity.
10

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1672, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
Categories of Unconventional Experiences
In order to understand unconventional or anomalous experiences, and to avoid
confusion and the mixing of apples and stardust, it is useful to have a working
cosmology. Here, we must see that people describe many types of phenomena,
not just one phenomenon, and yet maintain deeper realization of the deeper,
essential unity of reality. Note in particular the categories where overlap potential
exists, and where, therefore, discernment is especially needed.
Interaction with/perceptions of:
Biological Extraterrestrial Life Forms (ETLF) ("People" from other planets)
Remote Viewing Experiences:
• of ETLF or
• of nonbiological entities (see below) or
• of other humans elsewhere located on Earth.
Non-biological Entities/Beings:
• "Astral" or Light Beings
1. of Earth origin ("deceased" previously biological humans)
2. of non-Earth origin
a. "deceased" ETLF
b. astral or causal realm originations
• Personal "spirit guides" or angels
• "Ascended Enlightened Beings," Masters, and "Avatars"
• Earth or nature devas/spirits (plant, animal, mineral, other)
• Other planetary nature spirits/devas, as above
• Other probably too numerous to count!
OBEs (out of body experiences) with any of the above, including ETLF
NDEs (near death experiences) with any of the above, including ETLF
Intra-psychic/psychological Experiences: Drug-induced hallucinations,
Delusions,
Psychosis,
Confabulation/"Wannabees"/Fantasy
personalities/Hoaxes, false Memory Syndrome, PTSD, others
CSETI studies ETLF in all of their aspects or manifestations, but we do not
deny the existence or reality of other beings.
Steven M. Greer, M.D., March 1994
11

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 3, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2662, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE CSETI TEAM: Meaning and Professionalism
Some Personal Reflections by
Steven M. Greer, M.D. International Director of CSET!
© 1995
How can we come together as individuals, working in small, volunteer teams, to
achieve this one over-reaching goal: Establishing a peaceful, mutual and
sustainable relationship between humans and extraterrestrial peoples?
All that we do must address this important and motivating purpose of our joint
endeavor which we have embarked on together. We may try, as humans, to do
it alone, one soul at a time, out in a field or alone on a mountaintop. But to what
purpose, and then what meaning shall it have for human society, for we are
social beings. To come together, to collaborate, plan, work and strive to
achieve this great goal is the purpose of the SETI team.
The success of such a union, the integrity of such a team effort, is dependent
on the good will, trust and essential unity of each member of the team. It is
dependent on a certain balance between a number of paradoxical
characteristics, which must be blended and perfected, and culminate in
purposeful action.
Team cohesion and individual initiative; spontaneity and reasoned plans and
discipline; a visionary and inspiring awareness, yet practical actions; group
consultation and consensus co-existing with leadership and organization -
these are but a few of the qualities of a team which need to come together in a
harmonious and balanced way if we are to attain our goal.
In the west, we are trained to view everything in a reductionist, either/or,
dualistic way. Everything must be black and white, and in neat little
compartments. And yet I sense - I know - that this paradigm is fatally flawed,
and the success of our mission in large part rests on our ability - both as
individuals and as teams - to see with the eye of oneness, to find the truth
which emerges from the balanced center of the paradoxes: mind and matter,
individuality and oneness, structure/discipline and spontaneity, the rigor of
science and the heart place of the mystic and artist.
And so it is with the CSETI team: we must not choose, in an either/or fashion,
between structure, rules and discipline versus flexibility and spontaneity - for
both are required if we are to succeed. Discipline does not mean militarism;
spontaneity does not mean anarchy, chaos, and New Age mushy-mindedness.
Leadership does not mean dictatorship or cultism; and consensus and
consultation does not abrogate the need for structure. The way of the
reductionist is to choose between these seemingly conflicting qualities. The
way of wisdom is to find that balance, that peace, which exists within the
13

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 175, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
paradox. This indeed is related to the enlightenment born of the greatest
paradox of all: that there is oneness, there is universal mind, and yet we as
individuals exist.

14

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 2007, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Qualities, Attributes & Code of Ethics
for CSETI Researchers
© 1995 CSET
* This document may only be reproduced in its entirety. *
The qualities and characteristics of the CE-5 Research and Diplomatic Team
member crosses numerous categories, often thought to be paradoxical.
Achieving the balance between seemingly diverse attributes is one of the great
challenges of active researchers and inter-species diplomats, and is an on-going
evolutionary process for us all. What follows below is a description of those
qualities which are thought to be the basis for successful long-term interactions
between CSETI team members and extraterrestrial peoples:
1. To be free of the prejudices, myths and fears which abound in human
society regarding ETI.
2. To be completely honest in all one's actions and speech, and to
possess the courage to express what one honestly sees, feels, and
intuitively appreciates.
3. To experientially appreciate the oneness of the universal mind while
respecting the intrinsic values of each person's unique individuality.
4. To recognize the essential oneness in consciousness of all intelligent
life in the universe: One Universe-One People - the foundation of
interplanetary unity.
5. To be capable of frank and respectful consultation and collaboration as
a team member and yet be able to obey the will of the team and/or
team leader, even if it is counter to one's personal viewpoint.
6. To embrace with enthusiasm the challenge of the unknown, and to be
able to access unbounded consciousness as the refuge from all fear.
7. To be open minded to the vast array of possibilities when dealing with
advanced extraterrestrial technology, mind-matter interactions, and
other extraordinary manifestations of extraterrestrial civilizations.
8. To possess few beliefs, but an abundance of faith.
9. To refrain from hasty judgment and to objectively and with a pure heart
observe the reality of things so that the truth may unfold, unimpeded by
premature conclusions and prejudices.
15

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1865, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10. To aspire to a multi-species perspective, always cautious of human
tendencies toward anthropomorphism and ethnocentricity.
11. To grow in one's capacity as a universal citizen, diplomat and emissary
to all intelligent life forms in the universe.
12. To engage in actions which will benefit the Earth, all the Earth's people
and ultimately to the advancement of all life in the universe.
13. To be motivated by the spirit of altruism, minimizing to the extent
possible actions based in the desire for personal gain only. This does
not preclude enlightened self-interest.
14. To be trustworthy and capable of maintaining strict confidentiality when
needed.
15. To balance the foresight and wisdom of a visionary with practical plans
and actions.
16. To be capable of insightful assessments and analysis but to avoid
distracting and fruitless
speculations which are
premature,
unwarranted and unproductive.
17. To become an astute observer, capable of accurate observations
which encompass sight, sound, smell, touch, feel and non-local
consciousness.
18. To be open to remotely viewed information through consciousness but
to "reality check" this with the objective world and/or other team
members' experiences. That is, to value consciousness-acquired
information, but to refrain from absolute acceptance as fact until such
information is verified
19. To challenge and expand one's skills and experiences and yet be
aware of one's limitations and needs, thereby protecting oneself and
the team from avoidable failures and setbacks.
20. To possess the courage and inner strength born of wisdom and
experience of the unbounded mind, thus avoiding the false courage of
an immature bravado.
21. To strive always to grow, to improve oneself and yet to be both
accepting and honest about one's present state of evolution: "Know
thyself & To Thine Own Self Be True"
16

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1555, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22. Tea respecters, a mation the on ines miniversi or ones felow
23. To be dedicated to the course of world peace, interplanetary peace
and relations, and the advancement of intelligent life in the universe.
24. To be comfortable with the unknown, with ambiguity and rapidly
changing situations.
25. To be keen in making assessments but slow in forming permanent
conclusions.
26. To sincerely want to do what is needed to advance the CSETI project.
27. To respect the physical body and to preserve its health and strength,
so that the physical tasks of the SETI project can be fulfilled.
28. To practice mindfulness, courtesy and appropriate behavior as a
diplomat to ETI.
29. To daily practice a discipline that realizes the experience of unbounded
consciousness.
30. To possess the strength of a mature individuality while avoiding the
pitfalls of egotism.
31. To avoid hostile confrontations with other researchers, organizations or
governments.
32. To aspire toward a model cooperation rather than competition.
33. To possess patience and perseverance in one's pursuit of an open,
cooperative, peaceful and sustainable relationship between humans
and extraterrestrial civilizations,
recognizing that this is a multi-
generational, long term project.
34. To address the charges of debunkers and detractors directly and
honestly, but avoid a time and energy consuming preoccupation with
them.
35. To observe and respect the inherent universal rights of all peoples,
human and extraterrestrial:
• Life
•
Self-determination
• Liberty
Peaceful coexistence

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 165, "chars": 1114, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Freedom of travel in the universe
• Freedom of association throughout the universe
• Freedom of communication
• Freedom of unwanted intrusion or intervention
• Freedom of non-harmful growth and evolution
• Freedom to acquire knowledge and education
• Freedom to privacy
36. To document to the fullest extent possible all interactions between the
SETI team and ETI but to recognize that such efforts must be non-
aggressive, mutually agreeable, and must at no time interfere with the
emerging human/extraterrestrial relationship.
37. To possess the physical strength to hike 10-12 miles and assist in an
emergency, with your fellow team members and/or extraterrestrial life
forms.
38. To become a genuine team member, recognizing the importance of
securing the safety and success of every individual member of the
team, and the team as a whole. Further, to assign to the team as a
whole the credit for its success and progress, possessing a sincere
humility regarding one's personal contribution.
39. To be stable and yet simultaneously capable of great flexibility and
change as the world, ETI and SETI evolves.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2535, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COMPONENTS OF A CSETI WORKING GROUP
Coordinator:
• Facilitates group activities, makes decisions when necessary, functions as
lead member of boarding party unless he or she assigns that role to
another team member.
Documentation Specialist:
Records all activities and findings. Keeps tape recording of team
members' contact names and phone numbers, car keys, etc. Continues
observance while rest of group is involved in Coherent Thought
Sequencing. Will be last numbered position of boarding party.
Equipment Specialist:
• Gathers and mobilizes all necessary equipment on site; operates cameras
(if deemed allowable)
Security specialist:
• Responsible for site security; approaches any visitors or curiosity-seekers,
speaks to any area landowners, law enforcement officers or others who
may approach the team while engages in field work. Designates the "safe
area"; facilitates care of any team member who needs assistance or
requests shelter in the safe area.
Each Member: Functions as a "buddy" to one or two other team members
Boarding Party:
Purpose: Numbers each member of the team in the event of an opportunity
for an on-board experience. If the visiting ETs would say they had room for 4,
we would have planned for this contingency ahead of time instead of debating
who would go/stay. This is for the CSETI group's convenience. We cannot
assume the ETs would follow our lead; indeed, it is up to us to follow theirs.
However, humans function better when possibilities are planned for when
preparing for an event of this magnitude. The first 4 numbered team members
will be the first four boarding party members. Those who feel comfortable
volunteering for a possible off-planet experience may begin in the first
positions. Hopefully, all team members will eventually feel comfortable
enough as work progresses to volunteer for the boarding party.
Buddy System:
In the dark out in the open, it is better not to wander off alone. Also, if a close
encounter occurs, a team member may tina that they are not psychologically
ready to participate. We do not want anyone left alone in such a situation. If
your buddy needs to go to the safe area, you will accompany your buddy and
remain with them until either they are ready to return to the group or the group
adjourns for the night. Even if you depart the group only to visit the "men's or
ladies' room"
", smoke or have a private conversation, check in and out with
your buddy. In the event of a close encounter, it is vitally important that all
team members be accounted for.
19

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 3, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2515, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRANSCRIPT OF WORKSHOP
Conducted by Steven Greer, M.D.
Crestone, Colorado, November 1993
The purpose of this whole endeavor is to establish international teams of
universal ambassadors, or citizen diplomats, to extraterrestrial civilizations
visiting Earth. These teams must be willing to go out and meet those ET visitors
on common ground for the purpose of establishing a peaceful and sustainable
relationship. In this context sustainable means long term, for our children, for our
children's children, and as the Native Americans say, "for seven generations".
This is the primary purpose of the research activities that the CSETI Working
Groups are involved in.
Intimately related to this is the concept of raising consciousness of the whole
planet to understand that:
1. WE ARE NOT ALONE IN THE UNIVERSE!
2. WE MUST COME TOGETHER AS AN INTERNATIONAL, A
GLOBAL CIVILIZATION, TO ESTABLISH A LIASON WITH
THESE VISITORS.
To facilitate this transformation of consciousness, CSETI is working on a multi-
layered basis. We have launched a program called Project Starlight, which if it
is successful will change the world, as we know it, within the next few years.
Project Starlight is working at the very highest levels of our society to provide
briefings to leaders in government and industry. By this effort, the power
structure is being made aware of the facts about ET civilizations visiting Earth, in
order to create a climate where a major world announcement on this subject can
take place. This announcement will probably have official involvement. As you
can imagine, this is a very large effort. Given the importance of this project,
members of the Working Groups are going to be under the microscope. Those of
you who choose to do this research work are going to be looked at increasingly
to serve as leaders, locally, nationally, and internationally. This is not a small time
operation. This is a very ambitious project because what we are really talking
about is bringing to the world's awareness the fact that we are not alone in the
universe. And furthermore, it is now time for us to come together, not as a
national security or intelligence service apparatus, but rather as a world citizen's
movement to try to forge a bond between us and other technologically advanced
civilizations that are visiting us already!
This endeavor can be seen as going forward in three phases. Phase | of our
CSETI project has been completed. That is:
1. The establishment of the basic working group contact protocols.
21

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 2922, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2. The constitution of the Rapid Mobilization Investigative Teams, which is a
worldwide rapid activation team to go to hot spots of extraterrestrial
activity.
3. The formation of CSETI working groups worldwide (they number
approximately ZU).
4. The creation of an initial infrastructure, our organizational network to allow
these efforts to go forward.
All these activities are going on and will continue to consolidate in the future.
Phase Il consists of informing both the leaders and the people the world that we
are not alone, and bringing to them the definitive evidence proving that we are
not alone in the universe. This phase of the SETI project is not aimed at the
UFO subculture, or the new age and other subcultures that are involved in this
issue. Rather it is directed toward the broad masses of people of this planet. It
will likely involve a series of increasing interactions with the extraterrestrial
visitors, perhaps culminating in a seminal event (with the whole world watching)
that will prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that we are not alone.
CSETI's Project Starlight is providing an organizational framework for Phase Il of
our program and will help prepare the world for phase III, the time when open
formal relations are established with the ETS.
Phase Ill will not be possible until Phase Il is at least partially complete. Why is
this a necessary precondition? It is necessary for the world's leaders to be
briefed and adequately prepared before formal contact occurs because it is
CSETI's assessment that there are specific limits as to what the ETs are willing
to do to promote a peaceful and sustainable relationship with Earth. It is our
assessment that they are unwilling to proceed with more open relations with
Earth civilization under the current conditions of general societal denial of their
presence. They are unwilling to demonstrate irrefutable displays of their material
presence under conditions that could be used to promote fear and conflict. For
this important reason CSETI has launched Project Starlight.
From our experience during the first five years of our CSETI project, we have
been led to understand that the Extraterrestrials must sense that the leaders of
our planet and the man on the street are aware of their presence. Leaders and
the people alike must begin to entertain thoughts about how humanity as a global
civilization might interact with the extraterrestrial visitors. They are not going to
land in Yankee Stadium and are probably not going to take things too much
further than they have already in a formal and controlled way. No one can
imagine possible events that might occur, which conceivably would compel the
ETs to move forward in an uncontrolled way. These events would force into our
mass consciousness the knowledge that we are being visited, but this is another
matter that is difficult to assess. One might postulate a number of natural or
22

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2791, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
manmade disasters that would cause ETI to forcefully reveal their physical
presence. Such scenarios all include catastrophes of such magnitude that the
Earth's ability to maintain intelligent life would have to be threatened. Manmade
disasters might include all out global nuclear war or an acceleration of the
continuous industrial pollution that the biosphere has been forced to endure.
Natural calamities might encompass a series of major Earthquakes combined
with volcanic eruptions; or even worse, a large asteroid striking the planet's
surface.
In terms of a controlled series of events gradually revealing the physical
presence of ET visitors, it is CSETI's assessment that Phase Il must successfully
be completed in order for Phase III to go forward and formal and direct relations
can be created. Once Phase Il is a success and the Extraterrestrial presence is
established firmly in the minds of the world's leadership and the man in the
street, then it is clear to us that the ET civilizations involved in this planet will
really entertain high level CE-5s (Close Encounters of the 5th Kind). CE-5s are
these cooperative meetings that the CSETI research groups are trying to
facilitate. This is a key point because right now, up to this point in time {Nov.
1994}, although we have had extraordinary success, the CSETI contact groups
have never exceeded a level 2 CE-5. Let me explain what these levels are.
A Close Encounter of the 5th Kind is when humans voluntarily initiate or
cooperate in an encounter (a meeting) with Extraterrestrial Biological Entities
[EBEs] and/or their spacecraft.
• A Level 1 CE-5 is when you have a fly-by situation. Where you have some
type of interaction. It may be signaling or some other type of limited
interaction.
• A Level 2 CE-5 is when you have a hovering situation or a near-landing
approach occurs with clear signaling back and forth.
• A Level 3 CE-5 is when you have a landing and an ET Biological Entity
has emerged.
• A Level 4 CE-5 is when the boarding party of the contact group goes on to
the craft.
• A Level 5 CE-5 is when the boarding party departs in the ET spacecraft. It
may be for an hour, a month, a year, or any length of time. We don't know
how long it could be.
Now to return to our analysis of the "short range plan"
... It will have to involve an
announcement to the world's population that we are being visited by
extraterrestrial civilizations. This would have to be affirmed by the leadership of
society. These leaders are after all, looked to by the general population in order
to get their sense of reality confirmed. We should remember that the
overwhelming majority of people who are outward looking and do not look inward
for their guidance, need to have their sense of reality affirmed by authority
figures.
23

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3345, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Completion of Phase III will therefore lay the foundation for high level CE-5s. This
means levels 3, 4, and yes, even level 5, where off planet experiences will occur
for the research teams. I predict that these will occur within 12 to 36 months from
the completion of Phase Il. In other words high-level CE-5s will not likely occur
until the world's leaders and humanity are properly prepared for formal relations.
Such dramatic demonstrations of our growing relationship with the ETs, with
teams of CSETI researchers going off planet would be an organic part of
establishing formal relations. On board meetings and off planet experiences may
not only involve the Rapid Mobilization Investigative Team, but also include
participation with the local working groups, in Denver, Los Angeles, or in
England. Why will this be possible? It will take place because the soil of mass
consciousness will have been properly prepared for these types of Close
Encounters. The process we are going through I liken to making a beautiful
garden. CSETI research teams need to place their activities into a broader
context, to look beyond the complexities and difficulties of field work itself.
Society must be able to understand and accept the extraordinary possibilities for
human benefit that open contact with ET civilizations can bring. Legitimate
concerns raised by the planet's leaders need to be addressed so that the results
of our field work do not fall on deaf ears or on infertile soil. Our success in the
is intimately linked to that larger struggle of transmitting mass
consciousness.
We need to take note of several important distinctions in this process. Phase III
will not unfold all at once. It will take place in limited degrees at first. As a logical
consequence of this dynamic process, during this phase the CE-5s that we
experience will vary from level 3 for some working groups and all the way to level
5 for others. This process will lead to an eventual full and open contact, which
can involve the exchange of knowledge and technology. I predict this part will
occur after the turn of the century. I envision this process going on for
generations and it will not be a one time, all at once sort of event. The initial
period of formal contact between Earth and ET civilizations will by necessity
unfold over an extended period of time. We are just at the beginning of this
process. I can assure you that it is being watched by the highest level of both our
government and the leadership of the international community. CSETI's project is
something we must do with all diligence and seriousness. It must be a worldwide
citizens' effort. It cannot be done by one nation in the world. The United States is
impotent to carry out such a project. The Russian government can't do it either. It
must be an international effort with a global perspective, outside of the narrow
nationalistic concerns of just one country. Previous limited attempts to contact
the Extraterrestrials have been limited and largely unsuccessful. Some of those
efforts failed because they were covert and were initiated by competing
governments. They have been motivated by national security concerns and one-
upmanship against fellow nations. In no way were these past attempts at
contacting the Extraterrestrials motivated by any sense of global responsibility. I
24

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3261, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
think in part because of SETI's efforts this is about to change. In fact, I am quite
certain it is!
One can view this aspect of our work as the "small big picture". There is a big,
big picture that I envision which will take us up through the next 500,000 years.
Obviously we won't have time to discuss that today. You should know that on a
certain level of reality it is a done deal. This is destiny. This is the future of planet
Earth - to become an interplanetary society. For those of us who want to stick our
necks out there to try to make this happen, it is very important that we approach
this effort with a tremendous sense of responsibility. We are all just ordinary
people, each working in our own little way, but unfortunately there is no one else
who is going to do this. I can tell you that the United Nations with its bureaucracy
is not going to pull this off. They don't have the means or the mechanism to
address this issue. This is especially true given the likelihood of major
Extraterrestrial-mediated events taking place during the next decade.
There is something we in SETI are going to have to do. Hopefully we will attract
many enlightened individuals and groups to assist us. Each local CSETI Working
Group will become incredibly important during the end of this Phase I process.
Each Working Group, whether it is in San Diego, Miami, or in the small town of
Crestone Colorado, all will have an enormous responsibility for educating the
public about the great opportunities that open contact with the ETs will bring to
humanity. CSETI teams may be one of the few groups with experience in this
field who will be able to speak with a calm voice during a time of great change.
We must acknowledge that some of the most powerful people on this planet will
try to co-opt this message and turn this epochal event of open contact to their
own agenda. We will be at a very critical point. Humanity will stare into the
potential opportunity of making a quantum leap in the evolution of Earth
civilization. That potential could however be subverted to purposes that would be
extremely destructive to human collective consciousness. Instead of moving
toward peace and cooperation with the Extraterrestrials we may be taken down a
path of conflict, even war. This world has suffered enough from the ravages of
warfare and racism to enter into another senseless conflict. So much is at stake
that we must not falter. For those enlightened and caring people who gallop their
steeds into this arena, your responsibility is tremendous.
This process of reaching out to the Extraterrestrials is a natural and organic
evolution for Earth's culture. It allows us to move from being a solitary planet's
civilization and become an interplanetary civilization. This is going to happen,
and no matter how little and insignificant we may view ourselves, we are
somehow becoming an instrument that will allow this transformation to happen.
This is potentially a very dangerous process. The stakes are very high. They are
no less than the future of our world. The Earth is in desperate need of people
who are somehow willing to take these kinds of risks. Where lie the dangers you
might ask? From our experience they don't come from the Extraterrestrials. The
25

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3314, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
risks come from our fellow humans. Just ask Shari Adamiak, Working Group
Coordinator from Denver, or Dr. Joseph Burkes, both of whom were with me in
Mexico in 1993. During that RMIT research venture we were shaken down and
robbed by the corrupt federal police. Later we were shot at by campesinos who
were probably drunk in the fields at our research site. Nevertheless, it is my belief
that all this effort and sacrifice that we are making in this project is being noticed
by the ET civilizations that are observing this planet.
Our initiative to actively reach out to the Extraterrestrials is a major shift from the
irrational human passivity (which is almost a kind of psychosis that has gripped
the world for the last 40 to 50 years. The mass consciousness of humanity has
been in almost total denial about the presence of these visitors and had been
utterly unwilling to play more than a passive role with the ETs. One of the things
l've done as l've traveled around the world is to go to areas of very intense UFO
activity. I visited Mexico, Puerto Rico, Belgium and other places during waves of
sightings and one of the truly bizarre features of this phenomenon is that
practically no one witnessing these craft ever thinks to go beyond passively
watching them. During these waves of sightings large numbers of civilian as well
as the military and the police spontaneously form groups to go out into the field to
watch these ET spacecraft. Nevertheless even the so-called "UFO experts" never
think to try to actively communicate with the visitors.
We have met with various UFO groups and have suggested to their investigators,
"Why don't you go out and say hello to the ET spacecraft." And they said, "Well
how?" I responded: "We have some ideas. They may sound very primitive, but
they are the best we have right now." So I shared those ideas with them. They
were truly dumbtounded! They said, "We don't know why we didn't think of these
" Their passivity, and the passivity of so many others is like a collective
madness. During that wave in Belgium, SOBEPS had multiple teams in the field.
The Belgian air force even let them use their control towers to look for these
large silent craft that had been flying by at low altitude at night. They never
waved to say "Hi!" These investigators never shined a light at the many craft
which often slowly flew over the countryside during the early evening hours. They
just passively watched. I said, "For God's sake, don't just stand there. Do
something!"
CSETI's CE-5 Initiative then is an attempt to empower humans to do something.
We can actively engage these Extraterrestrials in simple yet powerful ways. I
believe that these visitors have urgently wanted us to do just that for a very long
time. We humans are really just starting the process 15 seconds to midnight
This contact effort is really needed, and so we are going to do the best we can,
given the very limited material resources that we have. Although we may be poor
in terms of money, in terms of human resources, we are quite rich. Some of the
finest, the most brilliant people on this planet are involved in this project. It is truly
incredible the amount of human resources that are on line for CSETI, and are
being brought to bear on this most vital issue even as I speak to you today. In
26

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 585, "chars": 3367, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August of 1992 during a CE-5 training workshop a man inquired about our
material needs. He asked, "What does CSETI really need to make this happen?"
1 looked at him and I got the impression he was reterring to material things, like a
Lear jet to fly around the world to distant research sites, or perhaps he imagined
we needed a large office staff with a lot of equipment. What I said to him was
this, "What we really need are 200 stable dedicated people, who are neither
crackpots nor power-hungry, or stuck in the old fear-based paradigms. We need
people able and willing to make an effort to see this through to its ultimate
conclusion." The man looked quite surprised when he heard this. I truly hope
some of you who are hearing this [reading this] will be part of those 200 people.
Now let's talk about what this project is not. Back in the Fall of 1993 someone,
who was trying to form a Working Group in Virginia, distributed a letter to the
CSETI network. In the letter this misguided individual stated that since it was
getting cold and kind of uncomfortable outside, he and his friends had decided to
just sit in front of the fireplace and try to contact astral beings. This approach I
must tell you is nothing else but bullshit. Pardon my French. This is not what our
CSETI contact efforts are about. We are not interested in channeling astral
beings, or contacting one's dear dead grandmother with a Ouija board, or any of
that kind of stuff. Now I'm not saying that some of these other parapsi
experiences are impossible, I am not saying that they even might be desirable at
to help us. In my own mind I have no doubt of this, but I repeat, these other
endeavors are not what our project is about. This CSETI effort has a specific
mission, a specific goal. There are Extraterrestrial Biological Entities (EBEs) in
structured craft who admittedly are capable of an extraordinary intertace with
mind and consciousness. Most people don't realize it, but we are beginning to
develop similar,
rudimentary capacities
this very
mind/consciousness interface. These EBEs are from other planetary systems.
They have crashed and have died on the surface of our world. The bodies are
secretly being kept by some of our fellow humans right here on Earth. Yes
indeed, these ETs are very real beings. This does not mean to say that other
realms don't exist or there isn't a seventh heaven. Our broad understanding of
the full spectrum of reality rules out discussing these issues in an either/or mode.
The question at hand is who are we trying to contact? It is clearly not astral
beings that are to be channeled while roasting chestnuts inside the fireplace.
CSETI is a free association. We are all free to go out and do other things if we so
desire, but if so, then it will be outside of this project. It might be fun to play with
Ouija boards, but then it is not to be done on CSETI time.
From my perspective, the ET visitors have come a very long distance to be here,
from light years away. What I am asking is not for humanity to meet them
halfway, but rather just one micro-millimeter of the way. They have made great
sacrifices to get here whatever the purpose of their mission is. They have had to
endure crashes and being shot at. Yes, there have been ET deaths and material
losses. What CSETI is trying to do is to extend a hand of friendship and see if we
27

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 579, "chars": 3388, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
can form a common link. Our efforts are both practical and visionary, that don't
lend themselves to easy categorizations which most people are comfortable with.
The visionary part has to do with a new paradigm of reality that casts both the
visitors and humanity into the light of universal consciousness. The practical part
has to do with the diplomatic contact protocols and the acquisition of scientific
knowledge about the human/extraterrestrial relationship. The hands-on approach
employed by carrying out field investigations should satisfy some of the nuts-and-
bolts type of UFO researchers. Nevertheless, our CSETI teams are not just sky-
watch collectives, scanning the sky waiting for a sighting. Our project is a willful
attempt to vector in spacecraft for the purposes of interacting with their crews to
acquire real time information in a prospective manner. Our aim is to proceed from
signaling at a distance, to the landing of ET craft with the possibility of having
boarding teams go on those craft. This is where we are actually headed.
In Mexico, at the base of Popocatapetl Volcano, a large silent craft approached
our team within less than half a mile. It turned on a forward array of lights in a
simulated landing. As that triangular shaped spacecraft carried out its mock
landing my knuckles turned white. The next day one member of the team
contemplated what he had just experienced with tears of joy in his eyes. Imagine
being there, out on an 8,000 foot high plain and seeing an enormous craft, clearly
maneuvering, going out of its way, coming towards us, descending and signaling
all the while. It could have landed there, right in the field in front of us. Although it
did not, it came very close. This is historic and the implications for all of us on
Earth are immense. It's true the steps taken so far are few in a long journey;
nevertheless we are on our way. They may be baby steps right now, but it is my
hope that soon we will be taking quantum leaps forward in this contact process
during the months and years to come.
For those of you who are considering joining a CSETI CE-5 Working Group, I ask
that you in addition take on the responsibility of becoming an educator. Not only
to teach people in your local area about this project, but also to be willing to
disseminate the results of our research to the whole world. Please keep in mind
that the UFO field is full of much misinformation, disinformation, mythology and
falsehoods. Also keep in mind that people in the UFO community are often the
ones who are most confused about ETI. Sadly, the longer they have been in the
field, the more false ideas they have acquired. It is so ironic, that John Q. Public
in Peoria often has more insight into this subject than most of the UFO experts.
Why is that so? It's true because the UFO community for the last 20 to 40 years
has been the specific target of one of the most virulent types of disinformation
campaigns that the world has ever seen. For this reason, among others, the UFO
experts have been infected with the most illogical and outlandish notions, far
more than John Q. Public. Then UFO groups have attempted to get close to the
truth and for that reason they have been targeted.
CSETI and its allies are going to have to be responsible voices of reason and
truth in this field because there are so many people out there who are purveying
28

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3221, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ideas of the most terrifying nature. These bizarre notions are uniformly false and
demonstrably so. Speaking out for the truth is urgently needed and is part of our
social responsibility as researchers in this field. We after all are not carrying out
this project in a vacuum. Our fellow humans deserve to hear the truth. This is
especially important because knowing the truth will likely facilitate the evolution of
this planet.
At a recent UFO meeting that | attended, there was a discussion of what is
regretfully designated as "alien cattle mutilations". The facile tendency is to label
the phenomenon such because it appears to be something gruesome. It is ergo a
sign of malevolence. Well, as the song goes from Porgy and Bess, "It Ain't
Necessarily So". You see I happen to prefer not to eat meat, and what I find
curious about this situation is that those people, who scream the loudest about
these dissections, overwhelmingly eat meat 3 times a day. I somehow just don't
get it. There is a big time disconnect here! What I believe is going on is that
people are confusing their own emotional reaction with what could be possible
motives that the Extraterrestrials might have in carrying out farm animal
dissections. It is important not to confuse the two, our emotional reactions with
possible ET motives.
When encountering an entirely different culture for the first time, with different
customs, morés, and different ethics, it is important not to impose our
ethnocentric judgments on alleged actions by the Extraterrestrials. Imposing
one's own ethnocentric judgments on their alleged actions is the error that the
white skinned Europeans committed when they encountered indigenous people
in North America and Africa. These peoples of color had different customs, forms
of social organization, and therefore were labeled as evil. This went so far that
during the 17" and 18" centuries Europeans officially, by Church and Crown, did
not even consider these indigenous peoples to be human. Since they didn't have
a soul according to this ethnocentric judgment, it could be rationalized to conquer
tribal people and place them into slavery. In the case of Native Americans in this
country, their near total extermination was similarly justified. We should be very
careful that we don't make the same kind of mistakes as we begin to interact with
extraterrestrial peoples. We must not misinterpret the actions of civilizations that
have evolved on planets under very different circumstances. These ET
civilizations are likely to have very different sociological and ethical values
compared to what we are accustomed to. If we make the mistake of approaching
the Extraterrestrials with prejudice as we have done so often in approaching
different cultures in the past, I know it will be a very big mistake. Much bigger
than the mistakes we have made when dealing with each other. So we have to
be careful about this and be very deliberate and diligent in not jumping to
conclusions.
Now the second question comes up from time to time, how do I know these
things to be true? Has CSETI collectively, or Dr. Steven Greer individually,
received any direct messages about the Extraterrestrials' intentions concerning
29

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3370, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Earth? Some of the families of potential researchers ask this question because of
their concerns about their loved one's safety. I'm sure every SETI field
investigator, every Working Group member has thought about it at least once.
After all, people have asked whether we are just going out on the assumption
that the universe is safe and wise, or have we received specific messages
confirming the visitors' good intentions. It is reasonable to ask whether CSETI
has received some kind of direct communication. I personally have no doubt that
the visitors have peaceful intent. I base that on my direct personal experiences
which although they have great meaning for me, would not be particularly helpful
in convincing others of their importance. Since I was the only non-extraterrestrial
present during these encounters, I don't relish speaking about them in public.
Without others to corroborate these personal experiences, discussing them
openly would only give debunkers an opportunity to label me a liar or worse a
lunatic. In terms of the CSETI Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind Initiative, our
research is based on the assumption, and I underline here the word assumption,
that the visitors are non-hostile and are approachable.
Just looking at this question from the objective point of view, there is
considerable evidence to support this assertion of non-hostility. We need not look
to some high strangeness component of my personal history for a complete
explanation. I'm sure many of you would like to know what a good country doctor
from North Carolina like myself is doing here discussing the human-ET
relationship and the momentous upcoming events that | have foreseen. My
personal story is really not so important. Of course, it has a lot of meaning for me
and my family, but to publicly discuss it in detail, runs the risk of focusing too
much attention on the messenger, in this case myself, rather than on the
important message of how we are going to proceed with this next stage of human
development on Earth. Somewhat later I will describe some of my initial
interactions with extraterrestrial intelligence as they pertain to the development of
the contact modality we call Coherent Thought Sequencing.
Within ufological circles there is considerable disagreement with SETI's
assumption of non-hostility. The very same people who affirm that ET visitors
have been observing planet Earth for centuries, if not for millennia, raise all kinds
of alarmist concerns about ETI's intentions. If the Extraterrestrials truly wanted to
eat us tor lunch, I can tell you without a doubt that their meal would have been a
lot easier to secure and probably a lot tastier if they had dined on us 500 years
ago. Way back then we didn't have nuclear weapons, and our bodies were not
polluted with industrial toxins. We didn't have high performance aircraft armed
with missiles that now would surely interfere with the big round up of humans
before ET could chow down on us. Contrary to those who describe the ET-
human relationship within the confines of an imagined criminal act, you know
who I'm talking about, the alien abductionists, and their promoters in the tabloid
press, CSETI affirms that there is not one scintilla of credible evidence that the
Extraterrestrials carry hostile intentions towards this planet or its people. I repeat,
not one scintilla!
30

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3225, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Now there is plenty of evidence that some people have had close encounters
with Extraterrestrials and were certainly frightened by the experience, but that is
something quite different than proving ET hostility towards humanity. As a doctor
I scare the hell out of every two-year old in whose ear I have to look with an
otoscope. Their being frightened does not mean that I am going to eat them,
they might think | will. In considering this situation where
Extraterrestrials are visiting our planet and we do not yet understand exactly
what is going on, I believe that we should be as non-anthropomorphic as
possible.
On the other hand there is strong evidence that the ETs are monitoring our
capacities for malevolence. All our nuclear bases have been subjected to over
flights of ET craft in the past, and continue to be so in the present. Not long ago I
spoke to a US colonel who told me in confidence that the appearance of ET craft
over nuclear weapons storage tacilities and nuclear waste dumps had become
so commonplace that they hardly bother to even file reports on the sightings. He
confided that they now only report spectacular occurrences. In addition the
Extraterrestrials have exhibited concern for unstable geologic formations on the
Earth's surface, as evidenced by frequent sightings of spacecraft over areas of
seismic and volcanic activity. CSETI Rapid Mobilization Investigative Teams
have used this ET proclivity to operate in volcanic zones to study their activity at
the Popocatapetl Volcano outside of Mexico City. (Please see that report.) ETs
visiting Earth have also demonstrated concerns over geopolitical trends. The
Belgium wave of 1989, 90, and 91, extending into early 1992, was likely driven
by the great political
transformations occurring during those years. These
changes included the falling of the Berlin Wall, and the breakup of the former
Soviet Union. We should not forget that NATO is headquartered in Brussels.
Belgium is also the home of the European Parliament. As that community of
nations is drawing together, what better place could the ETs find to express their
concerns about a changing political landscape? This point was not missed by
many officials in NATO. I can tell you this from conversations I have had at a very
high level.
As this brief review shows, there is no evidence indicating they have hostile
concerns towards us. The record does show on the contrary that they have great
concerns about our capabilities to engage in hostile and destructive acts. You
would have to be brain dead not to see that we have exterminated an estimated
100 million people through warfare in this century alone. In spite of improved
relations with the Russians, we still have thousands of nuclear weapons that can
easily be made launch ready for atomic warfare. If used, they could conceivably
render Earth a non-viable planet. These capabilities in combination with our
space exploration efforts would raise the eyebrows of any intelligent species, if of
course they have eyebrows. CSETI affirms that the evidence, just the objective
linear evidence, indicates that the ET concerns are focused on our tendencies to
do harm rather than exhibiting hostile intentions towards us.
31

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3332, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This of course doesn't mean that people haven't had experiences with the
Extraterrestrials which frighten them, but their subjective reactions are very
different from proving the ET's activities are driven by malevolent intentions.
People are constantly confusing their perceptions of an ET action with the ET
motivations driving those actions. This kind of confusion is the stuff that historic
tragedies are made of. Wars are fought as a result of confusing perceptions of
actions with motivations behind them. On a more personal level, this is the stuff
that marriages break up over. We must become aware of this kind of dangerous
error when analyzing the phenomenon of ET civilizations visiting Earth.
It is my assessment based on my personal experiences that the Extraterrestrials
are quite aware that we are at one of the most pivotal points in the Earth's
history. This may be the most crucial moment in all of Earth's history, of any
time, of any historic epoch, including both pre-recorded and recorded history. We
are at the point where we are finally entering into an era of global civilization - a
time when we will either destroy this planet, or will enter into a peaceful era that
will last millennia. For the Extraterrestrials this must be a most interesting time to
be observing our civilization. It is also a very opportune time to introduce the
people of Earth to the fact that we are not alone in the universe. We have some
growing up to do. We will have to come out of the adolescence we are now in
and enter into some kind of young adulthood. This maturation process is
necessary so that we can begin to enter into an interplanetary community that is
waiting for us. From this analysis we can understand why the ETs have such an
intense interest in us at this stage of our development. I must point out that
during this transition phase, there will be tremendous risks as well as
opportunities. As this fractious or divided civilization that we are currently in
begins to crumble, and we move to a sustainable global civilization, tremendous
geopolitical problems will appear. We live in a time of enormous difficulties, of
environmental pollution, genocidal wars, of continued international arms race and
of famine and pandemics of disease. It is CSETI's assessment that in the advent
of a worst-case scenario, where global annihilation was threatened by either
manmade or natural catastrophe, some kind of direct extraterrestrial intervention
would occur. Now this statement has certainly caused many to raise their
eyebrows in doubt. After all, given the history of the 20th century with the
increasing tempo of destructive warfare, how bad would it have to get before ET
intervened?
This question came up in a lecture I gave in Los Angeles several years ago.
There were a number of Japanese in the audience, and one woman was from
Hiroshima. God bless her! She stood up and asked that if the Extraterrestrials
had the capability of intervening, why didn't they do so over the skies of
Hiroshima? Her question touched me personally because my father had fought in
the Pacific during World War I! and I knew how destructive the bombing was. I
told her that it was a terrible thing, the destruction of Hiroshima and other cities. I
said that although the devastation was tremendous, it was not of sufficient
32

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3365, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
magnitude that it threatened the Earth's survivability as a host planet for
intelligent life forms. On the other hand, even more terrible events than the
nuclear destruction of Japanese cities, events that would threaten the Earth's
survivability, such disasters would, in my opinion, prompt a large scale worldwide
intervention by the Extraterrestrials. In my opinion the likelihood of such an
intervention is in the probability range of 70 to 80% in the next 10 to 20 years.
I am the first to agree that this estimate concerning possible global calamities is
highly speculative, and | certainly can't prove it. Neither can I use my own
personal contact experiences with the Extraterrestrials to prove CSETI's
assessment that the visitors are approachable and non-hostile. I find the best
way to address this issue in public is to simply state that there is no evidence to
strongly suggest, let alone prove, that the ETs are hostile. For those people who
are attached to a dualistic, conflict oriented view of the universe (which is a
paradigm that will die really soon), I suggest that there may be possibly one or
two ET groups out there that don't have humanity's best interests at heart. I give
the devil's advocates their due and I suggest that major conflict could occur
between humanity and those bad news ETs. I must immediately add to that
scenario that those bad news ETs would be the very ones who I would want to
meet first. This is a very shocking thing for conflict oriented UFO researchers to
hear. They don't understand that the whole purpose of diplomacy is to open up a
dialogue with those who you feel are approaching you on a conflict-laden path.
An analogy to our dealings with the Soviets during the Cold War may be helpful
here. The United States engaged in strategic arms control limitation talks with the
Soviets for many years. We attempted to limit the nuclear arms race and reduce
the risk of fighting a nuclear war with the Soviets through negotiations. We did
not negotiate with the French or the British in a similar manner during those
years even though these nations possess hundreds of nuclear weapons capable
of destroying any nation on Earth. No such involved arms control talks were
necessary because the British and French are perceived by us as friendly,
whereas the Soviets were thought of as potential adversaries if not as outright
enemies. The point is a simple one; meetings, dialogue, and negotiations are
even more necessary to conduct with those who you perceive as being
potentially harmful, with those who threaten you. For this reason if there are
dangerous ET groups out there visiting Earth, then we should take every possible
opportunity to engage them in dialogue, so as to possibly avoid more serious
conflict in the future. The CSETI citizens' diplomatic initiative to establish contact
with any and all extraterrestrial civilizations visiting our planet is an attempt to
achieve just such a peaceful rapprochement.
Whether you are of the view that some ET's are positive or some are negative,
the path of wisdom is to assume non-hostility until you can evaluate the situation
thoroughly. Reaching conclusions about the Extraterrestrials prematurely is
fraught with danger. We must remember that we are dealing with races of
intelligent beings who have evolved on different star systems. They undoubtedly
33

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 3051, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
have different customs, languages, and morés compared to us, and very likely
compared to each other. To avoid unnecessary conflict when addressing a
process this important, we are required to assume the visitors are non-hostile,
and we should continue doing so until proven otherwise beyond a shadow of a
doubt. Only by taking this course can we avoid conflicts with the Extraterrestrials
in situations where conflict need not take place. Our attempt at establishing open
bilateral communication we believe is a necessary precondition for a more open,
peaceful and mutually beneficial relationship. This is after all what the CSETI
project is about.
For all these reasons The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
assiduously avoids the sort of polarized discussion that splits the ETs into "good
guys and bad guys". I must tell you I find it equally distasteful in listening to those
who view the ETs as some kind of universal saviors who are supposed to solve
all our problems on planet Earth. I think it is just as co-dependent and
dysfunctional to view the Extraterrestrial as Darth Vader, as it is to view ET as
some kind of Jesus Christ in a spaceship. After all, there really is no evidence to
suggest either stereotype is true.
Humanity, as one of many conscious and intelligent species in the universe, have
as much dignity and rank as any other race of sentient beings in the universe.
This is true even though we may not be as advanced socially or technologically
as other civilizations. We have the ability to enter into a very conscious and
deliberate relationship with the Extraterrestrials. We need no prior authorization
to engage in contacting ETI in a lawful, rational and peaceful manner. Carrying
out this task is our birthright.
On a number of occasions during my lectures and workshops on this subject,
members of the audience have asked how many different types of ET species
are interacting with us at this time. From my personal knowledge, there are at
least three or four different phenotypes out there. Some people claim that there
are as many as 75 different ET civilizations interacting with us. I have no
evidence to prove or disprove that the number is that large. Interestingly there is
a report from a retired US military officer about a briefing document prepared for
NATO in the 1960s with the designation "Cosmic Top Secret". In this paper it was
reportedly concluded that
the UFO phenomenon represented interplanetary
spacecraft and that they were occupied by different cooperating civilizations that
were four in number. Retired Army Sergeant Major Robert O. Dean has
described reading this document.
Contrary to the mythology so prevalent in the UFO subculture, these different ET
groups are not divided into "good guys and bad guys". They are working together
in a comprehensive and coordinated manner. My God, if we have a United
Nations which allows us to work together in a number of limited ways on Earth,
surely civilizations that are advanced enough to cross interstellar space have an
34

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 3298, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
interplanetary council to coordinate contact efforts with emerging civilizations like
our own.
I've also been asked the question, "What are the physical appearances of these
different ET groups?" I can tell you one is very human looking and we could be
first cousins to that phenotype. Another group appears short, bald with large
heads, large eyes. In CSETI we try to avoid terms like "Greys", I feel it is a racist
appellation. Also reported is another group of Extraterrestrials that is intermediate
in appearance between the two groups described. They stand perhaps five feet
in height. They have almost no hair. Another group of Extraterrestrial Biological
Entities are said to be quite large and nearly totally black. There are other reports
of different species, one appearing human and about 7 to 8 feet tall, but these
reports are more idiosyncratic. In summary, there is good evidence to show there
are multiple phenotypes who, in all likelihood, have evolved on different planetary
systems. Now of course I don't think anyone knows for certain how many races
of Extraterrestrials are visiting Earth, but it is important to note that the most
credible reports, and that is those which have multiple witnesses associated with
CE-4s, have described multiple races working together aboard craft. Two cases
of this more credible kind, which immediately come to mind, are the John Salter
case and the Travis Walton case. We will discuss these reports of on board
experiences a bit later. In both of them, not only were different species of ETs
observed aboard the same craft, but they were definitely working together
cooperatively. In addition, during our field investigations, CSETI researchers with
remote viewing capacity have "seen" inside spacecraft and noted different
phenotypes on board. Some SETI investigators have reported different types of
El beings during
bilocation experiences, which
is an out-of-body
parapsychological type of experience.
The facts simply do not support the notion that different ET groups are working at
cross-purposes. Credible reports from the UFO literature plus the growing body
of knowledge from CSETI's investigations shatter the myth promoted by the UFO
subculture that there are diverse ET groups out there zooming around in our
atmosphere with all kinds of different agendas. Just from a common sense point
of view, it would be highly irrational for advanced civilizations not to work together
on a planet like Earth, which is itself merging, into a global civilization. From my
experience I believe that the probability of their not coordinating their efforts
seems to me to be close to zero. Of course the cowboys and Indians approach,
promoted by sectors of the UFO subculture, emphasizes conflict rather than
cooperation. This conflict not only predominates between the humans and the
Extraterrestrials, but also supposedly between the ETs themselves.
I hope these remarks have helped explain the general philosophy behind our
CSETI project. Unfortunately we have discovered that people have broadly
misinterpreted our policy of assuming non-hostility as something that puts us into
the category of being a contactee cult. Those cults can be characterized as co-
dependent groups that think and behave as if the Extraterrestrials were Jesus
35

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3324, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Christ in a flying saucer. CSETI affirms that it is our responsibility, the
responsibility of the entire human race to empower ourselves to solve the terrible
problems we face on this planet. Solutions to problems like hunger, war and
global pollution are the result of decisions we have made. We will have to take
decisive actions to correct them and not look to the Extraterrestrials to do it for
US.
CSETI realizes that the lack of accurate information and analysis on this subject
has prevented humanity from understanding what our true place is in the
universe. Humankind is one of many races of conscious and intelligent beings.
The knowledge that humanity is not alone, that the ET visitors are approachable
one of man a
and, in our assessment, are waiting for us to reach out to them, this all could
have a revolutionary effect on the mass consciousness of our planet's peoples.
The false consciousness that divides us, man against man, man against woman,
race against race, nation against nation, class against class, religion against
religion, might more appropriately appear as foolishness, if we stopped
collectively denying that we are not alone in the universe. The diversity that
exists here on Earth will seem insignificant compared to the tremendous diversity
that exists in our galaxy. Building cooperation and unity on Earth is a necessary
precondition for joining a larger family of extraterrestrial civilizations. When this is
fully understood by humanity, the social and political pressure for us to find
solutions to our conflicts will increase exponentially. It is our hope that
acknowledging the extraterrestrial presence here will allow humanity to
understand the possible benefits to our culture that would be accrued by learning
from them and allowing them to more openly learn about us. This realization
could set the stage for tremendous cultural, technological and yes even spiritual
advancement here on Earth. To hide our heads in the sand, and deny the
growing human-ET relationship, or worse, to ridicule in an attempt to silence
those who responsibly announce their presence, only prevents badly needed
progress on our planet.
People speak of Close Encounters of the Fourth Kind, where humans go aboard
ET craft, and mislabel the phenomenon as the so-called "alien abduction
experience"
. These stories which have been the topic of all too many
have been
sensationalized books, movies, TV programs, are supposed to be evidence
proving the malevolence of extraterrestrial intelligence. On the contrary, such
reports say more about how we react to strange experiences and our willingness
to assume malevolence than they provide
useful information about the
extraterrestrial-human relationship. "Alien abduction" researchers tend to view
that relationship totally within the confines of what they assume is a proven
criminal act. Their database is so poor that a careful analysis indicates that these
reports and their conclusions are simply not credible. As the computer
expression bluntly states, "garbage in, garbage out!" We in CSETI, on the other
hand, have collected testimony demonstrating that there is a tremendous amount
of bias in the collection of these types of reported experiences. This bias
unfortunately includes the silencing of those individual experiencers who have an
36

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3301, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
opinion different from the prevailing, so called experts of the "alien abduction
experience". This is very worrisome. It is unethical, but it is what CSETI has been
observing in the so called "alien abduction experience field".
The question has been asked, what about the harmful physical effects some
people have reported when they find themselves too close to an ET spacecraft?
In one case that occurred near Houston, a family reported serious physical harm
as the result of being too close to a flying saucer. If one examines, however, the
specifics of that case, that craft was more likely an out-of-control experimental
type vehicle which was attended by multiple military helicopters. I think it was a
nuclear powered experimental craft that was not extraterrestrial in origin but
rather quite human. It was apparently not functioning well and probably was
putting out dangerous radiation. It flew very close to the victims of the exposure. I
think that this case has been totally misunderstood in the UFO field. In a different
occurrence from Canada in 1967, a man got too close to a spacecraft and
received a rectangular burn on his chest. This is not evidence of hostility from the
visitors. If one were to stand behind the thruster engines of a 747 readying to
take off, a very unwise activity I'm sure you would agree, what do you think would
happen? You would probably get blown from here to smithereens. Such an
untimely demise would not occur because the pilot was hostile and trying to blow
you away. It could simply be said you were definitely at the wrong place at the
wrong time, and accidents do happen. To extrapolate from these types of cases
from the UFO literature to prove some kind of ET malevolence, is total nonsense.
The CSETI contact protocols address these kinds of dangers with detailed safety
procedures which we will discuss somewhat later.
In answering the broad question of how dangerous it is to attempt to go on board
ET spacecraft in this CSETI project, I would like to offer the following response.
First of all this endeavor is not for the faint of heart. It is not for people who
always like to play it safe in life. It is not for those who want guarantees that there
will never be any risk or harm. For those fearful individuals, I suggest that they
should stay home at night. It is very important that we be honest and recognize
that we are dealing with a certain amount that we know, but there is a whole lot
that we don't know in this phenomenon of ETI. I would be very dishonest if I were
to say that there are no risks attendant in trying to do this project.
My experience as SETI Director for the last 5 years would indicate that all the
risks we have faced and continue to face come from humans. I repeat, not from
the Extraterrestrials but rather from our fellow human beings. We have been very
close to these ET craft on a number of occasions. None of us have been
intentionally frightened by ETI. None of us have been injured. If the risks from
ETs were serious, we certainly could have been hurt, but we were not. Instead,
we have been shot at by humans. We have been shaken down and robbed by
corrupt police in foreign countries. These unhappy experiences that we have
endured are very real and they are all coming from the human domain. In my
37

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3104, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
opinion the human domain is where your big risks are going to come from if you
attempt to do this kind of contact work.
Taking this considerable experience into account, when it comes to vectoring in
spacecraft for a landing and facilitating an on board meeting, we should
acknowledge there are many unknown aspects to this activity. It is after all not
something that is done by everyone every day. Given the existence of unknowns
there is the potential for injury. I believe that the likelihood of injury is small. As a
responsible individual, as an ER doctor and father of 4 young children, I wouldn't
be organizing groups of researchers to do this if I thought the risks were great. If
it were just me engaging in an activity, that would be a different story. I consider
myself a risk taker and even if there were great danger I might engage in an
activity. We must acknowledge that we always face a certain amount of
ambiguity and uncertainty in the CSETI Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind
Initiative. After all, the phenomenon we are studying, ET civilizations visiting
Earth, involves many strange and confusing aspects. It goes with the territory.
The search for knowledge in the face of many contradictions and inconsistencies
at times makes the work frustrating and uncertain, but it also fills us with a great
sense of excitement and wonder.
Let's return to the Travis Walton case. He was a logger who in 1976 was part of
a forest clearing team working in the national forest near Snowflake, Arizona.
While driving out of the forest one night the entire crew encountered a brilliantly
lit disc-shaped UFO that was hovering near the road. The driver stopped the
truck and they were all dumbfounded. Travis got out of the vehicle and
approached the craft alone. He very unwisely went right up to the object and
apparently was hit by an electrical energy field that knocked him several feet in
the air. His friends panicked and sped off in the truck without attempting to help
him. They soon returned to the site only to find Travis Walton was gone. He was
found 5 days later, somewhat shaken, and he only remembered 20 minutes of
the 5 days he was missing.
The truth of this story is that he was not harmed on the craft. He was taken
around and given a tour. At one point he was allowed to pilot the craft briefly. The
movie "Fire in the Sky", which purported to tell his story, presented a 100%
falsehood about the Walton experience aboard that vessel. If you want to know
how he really described it, I suggest you read his original book. Let me offer you
an analysis on what I believe probably happened. I am an Emergency Room
physician, and I will draw upon my expertise in trauma medicine in my
assessment of what likely occurred during those 5 days. What happened to him
when he was struck by the energy field, I believe, has been widely
misinterpreted. This is a case study in how humans jump to the wrong negative
conclusions. This strong tendency to jump to conclusions can cause major
problems for us in understanding the phenomenon of extraterrestrial intelligence
visiting Earth.
38

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 3529, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
First of all let's backtrack a bit. I have spoken to people in the defense and
aerospace industries who indicate that ET craft routinely generate in the order of
megawatts of electrical energy. Noted scientist Jacques Vallee in his book
"Confrontations" came to the same conclusion based on his investigations. In
short these vehicles are incredibly powerful with the energy output approximating
that of a nuclear power station. We should remember that Travis Walton without
warning got out of the truck and immediately positioned himself underneath the
ET craft that was hovering in the woods. The weather was described as very
damp with mist in the air. I believe what struck him was not some kind of energy
beam weapon
as portrayed in the movie "Fire in the Sky", but rather an
electrostatic discharge of immense strength. It likely arced through his body that
was grounded to the moist forest floor, and then traveled up to the underside of
the craft. It hit him in the left shoulder area and knocked him back some 15 feet
or so. This event probably caused his heart to go into cardiac arrest. He probably
experienced ventricular fibrillation, a fatal arrhythmia. This typically happens
when anyone gets electrocuted. I suspect his injury was a completely inadvertent
event and not a malevolent attack as shown by the movie "Fire in the Sky".
If you read the details of the case and talk to Travis Walton as I have, then you
will find that my explanation fits the facts of the case better than anything else.
His friends took off in their truck and left him. They thought he had been killed or
at least very seriously injured. So what did the ETs do? They took him on board
and they treated his injuries. Travis Walton was missing for 5 days. Keep that
number 5 days in mind. As an Emergency physician I have taken care of people
struck by lightning or who have been electrocuted while doing electrical work.
The standard procedure is to put such patients in the coronary care unit where
the heart is closely monitored. When such injuries occur, invariably the electrical
force enters one part of the body and exits though another part. As it travels, the
current damages skeletal muscle and other tissues. The damaged muscle tissue
is then flushed out of the body by the kidneys. If the injury is severe as was very
likely in the Walton case, the kidneys get clogged up and the patient goes into
acute renal failure. If this condition is not aggressively treated by flushing the
kidneys, the renal failure becomes permanent and the patient dies. How long do
such patients usually require in the hospital for cardiac monitoring, treatment with
large amounts of fluids and for checking their renal function? That's right, about 5
days. Of course I can't prove this is what transpired in the Travis Walton case,
but it fits the facts a lot more than the doom and gloom scenario described in
"Fire in the Sky". This explanation is more plausible than the notion that the evil
ETs somehow picked on this poor little guy, zapped him with an energy beam,
frightened the hell out of him for 5 days, and then dumped him, non compos
mentis, by his home town. More likely it was an inadvertent electrical discharge
that fibrillated his heart. He was taken on board, stabilized for 5 days and then
mercifully returned. He was physically healthy and fine after that.
Instead of knowing the true story, the public perception of this incident is that the
evil aliens came down from space, targeted this hapless victim, blasted him with
39

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3391, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a high tech weapon and then abducted him. The bizarre torture sequences so
gruesomely depicted in the movie "Fire in the Sky" seemed to have been taken
from Dante's "Inferno",
', human entrails and mucous dripping everywhere. Travis
Walton recounts a very different story of what took place on board. In fact, his
only conscious negative experience occurred just as he first regained
consciousness. He immediately grabbed a glass-like object and tried to attack
the short EBEs (extraterrestrial biological entities). He admits that he was the one
who took aggressive action. He was subsequently restrained and when he
calmed down, the ETs literally took him on a tour of the ship. Apparently they
docked with another ship and he encountered some very human looking people
as well as the short Extraterrestrials who were very kind to him. They let him
move around the craft and even let him sit in a kind of navigator's chair and
maneuver the craft. He has said that the experience was like an epiphany. Of
course if you watch the film "Fire in the Sky" you don't get to see portrayed any of
what Travis Walton actually described of his on board experience. Had he put the
true story into the movie, I think it would have been more honest and successful.
Instead it bombed at the box office because it was filled with misrepresentations
and lies. The story was completely turned around by the UFO community. They
would want us to believe that the evil aliens zapped him for no good reason and
then tortured him. On the contrary, I suspect that they saved his life!
I think this is an example of the facile tendency towards fear and xenophobia,
which has infected this field for some time. This tendency has gotten us in deep
trouble, almost to the point of no return. It is so dangerous because people are
going off half-cocked after reaching fear-based conclusions. They are not
reasonably analyzing what has been happening. The result of this mind set is
that we could start down the road to conflict between Earth and the ET visitors.
Such a tragic path would be the result of believing in misrepresentations and
distortions of what could be very benign events. Unfortunately those interested in
UFOs are not getting the facts. This is why I earlier explained that the man from
Peoria in some ways has more accurate information on this subject than the
people in the inner circle of the UFO subculture. Thank goodness the general
public is not being bombarded with lies and half-truths as the denizens of the
Other CSETI members have suggested that "Fire in the Sky" bombed in the box
office because the public intuitively rejected the outrageously negative and
inaccurate portrayal of Travis Walton's encounter with the Extraterrestrials. I'm
not so sure this is true for reasons I will explain in a minute. Walton and the film's
writer Tracey Tormé, admit that the on board sequences were a complete
Hollywood fabrication to sensationalize the story. Supposedly the producers of
the film exerted pressure to change it because there were already number of
positive portrayals of the Extraterrestrials on film and they calculated that another
upbeat story would not sell. So instead, they chose a frightening script. It's
basically the "Friday the Thirteenth" factor creeping into this. Let's face it, fear
sells. So much so, that the commercial media will readily abandon any sense of
40

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 3209, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
social responsibility to educate the public on this important subject in order to
make a quick buck. The fact that extraterrestrial civilizations are visiting Earth at
this time may be ushering humanity into a new historic era. An event of such
magnitude demands resisting the usual commercial pressures. An event of this
importance requires us to exercise caution and not jump to conclusions based on
misrepresentations of the facts. Unfortunately neither the UFO subculture nor its
allies in Hollywood have demonstrated such wisdom and restraint. The result of
their irresponsibility may be disastrous in its impact on our mass consciousness -
a consciousness which is being warped by tear-based distortions, which do not
accurately reflect the unfolding human-ET relationship. Let me give you a
personal example of how distressing this irresponsible approach can be.
My sister is your average Southern housewife with three kids, a split-level house,
and a mini-van. She is also a devout fundamentalist Christian. When she first
heard about this SETI project, she was initially hopeful about its chances for
success. She thought our work was quite visionary and she was personally very
supportive of my efforts. Well then she saw the first part of "The Intruders", a
frightening made-for-TV movie about "alien abductions"
. This fear mongering
vehicle - also produced by Tracey Tormé - included scenes of aliens interacting
with humans and looked like a kind of violent sexual assault. Well that was it for
my sister. Pronto she became good and scared. That TV movie shut her down to
any idea that we could somehow have a positive relationship with the
Extraterrestrials. After seeing "The Intruders"
", she now thinks that the ETs are
agents of Satan and that they are going to eat us for lunch. Those kinds of
Hollywood writers and producers who are putting this sort of misinformation out
into the collective consciousness of humanity are not seriously thinking about
what they are doing. They should carefully consider if what they are conveying to
the audience is true or not.
In contrast to the "alien abduction experience" as it is promoted by the UFO
ghetto and tabloid journalists, the cases with the most credibility are almost
completely lacking in these types of experience. These less negative accounts of
human-ET interactions have greater evidential strength by virtue of certain
important characteristics. They involve multiple witnesses of the events
described. These accounts are also recalled spontaneously without the bias
introduced by the hypnotic regression technique so much favored by the alien
abductionists. Unfortunately these more positive accounts of human encounters
with Extraterrestrials, some of which may involve medical cures or other
beneficial physiological effects, are not being conveyed to the public. This
situation exists partially because the more sensationalized and titillating stories
feed the public's appetite for horror stories. We should remember only a relatively
small number of viewers saw the movie "Gandhi", far fewer than the millions who
pay to regularly see Freddie Kreuger's continuing reign of terror campaign in
"The Nightmare on Elm Street"
41

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3128, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI researchers and their supporters need to have an independent analysis
that is both objective and visionary. At the same time, only by an independent
research and analysis of the data can we avoid being swept up in the kind of
hysteria and foolishness which passes for science.
In any political campaign the bottom line is that fear sells. Unfortunately most
people respond more to fear, than they do to peace and love. Fear sells books
and scripts for movies. It sells out workshops at UFO meetings. In carrying out
our educational campaign, we must do so with our eyes open. We must
acknowledge that much of what is being promoted within our culture about the
presence of extraterrestrial intelligence has corrupted people to the point where
open relations with the ET visitors will be more difficult to achieve. At some point
we must ask whose interests are served by this corruption and misinformation. I
suspect that question will lead us to identifying more powerful forces than just
some irresponsible section of the mass media. Perhaps we can discuss this point
at a later time.
All this discussion of the fear factor relates in a practical sense to preparation for
field work. Our success in meeting with the Extraterrestrials to a large extent will
depend on our ability to overcome fear. Only then will we be open to identifying
opportunities that can promote a positive and cooperative relationship with the
Extraterrestrials. Can I tell you that if we go out into the field and a craft lands
that there will be no possibility of a bad outcome? The answer to that question is
an emphatic no! I can't promise you that, I don't think anyone can. We can take
specific measures to minimize the risks of a bad outcome. As we have shown
from the previous discussion, most harmful experiences have occurred when
someone unwisely has gone up to these craft when they should not have gone.
Our contact protocols have specific safety features built into them to minimize
risk. Let me share a specific example with you from the July 1992 CSETI Rapid
Mobilization Investigative Team's research in England. Please revue that report
included in this kit.
During that research mission we interacted with a large 100 to 150 foot sized disc
shaped ETS, which came into the field where our team was positioned. It had a
dome and counterclockwise rotating lights and at its closest approach it was
about 400 yards away. There were 4 of us in the wheat field who witnessed the
event and there was one other observer on a hill at a distance. This craft was
undoubtedly of extraterrestrial origin. It hovered silently ten feet above the ground
in the same wheat field that we were in. We signaled at it with our lights and it
came closer. Unfortunately, two of our people decompensated psychologically.
They were not shouting in terror but they were very frightened. One was a PhD.
psychologist who went into a near state of shock. She thought she really had it
together but she was obviously mistaken. It was a perfectly positive experience,
but for her and one other member of the team, it was just more than they could
handle.
42

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 590, "chars": 3397, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The next day | gave a briefing at the farmhouse in Alton Barnes where we had
based our investigation. Word of what happened had spread quickly and there
were about 50 people in attendance. We should remember that what had taken
place the previous night was a world-class event. Some of the top UFO and crop
circle researchers in England were present. One of the more experienced
researchers in that community raised his hand and asked the question, "Why in
hell didn't you just run through the bloody field and try to grab that thing and try to
climb on board?" Incredibly this individual was dead serious. My first reaction
was to laugh at him, but I was able to contain myself. I said, "Why would we like
to do something like that?" At that moment we had what CSETI calls "lock-on"
with the Extraterrestrials. We were locked on to them; they were locked on to us.
We were signaling to them in an intelligible sequence and they were responding
back with flashes of light in the same pattern. Thus we had established the fact
that simple communication was going on. They were moving towards us. If they
had wanted to come within 10 feet of us, they could have done it. If they had
wanted to transport us on board, they could have done that as well. I'm sure
through technology assisted consciousness, which they are quite skilled in using,
they knew that 2 members of our team were decompensating emotionally. It
would have been quite inappropriate for the ET craft to come closer under those
circumstances. I told that British researcher that if we had run towards that ET
craft, we could have put ourselves and the ETs in a very dangerous situation.
First of all we could have been physically injured, because we don't know what
their equivalents of 747 thruster engines are for these spacecraft. I don't know
what the safety specifications of their engines are. No one else on Earth knows
what they are either. We should point out that the disc was still maneuvering with
its propulsion system clearly on. Approaching it up close at that point would have
been very risky.
Second of all the object was at the edge of the field just past where there was a
big drop off into a canal. We only learned of the existence of that canal the
following day. By charging down there in the misty darkness of the English night,
we would have plunged into the water. We could have sustained serious injury or
even could have drowned. I tried to explain all this to my English colleague. The
way he spoke he must have thought we were nuts to be that close to an
extraterrestrial vehicle and not to have knocked heaven and Earth out of the way
to get on board. I said to him and the others at the press conference that SETI
is a voluntary cooperative project trying to build mutual trust with the
Extraterrestrials. How would it look to the Extraterrestrials if a whole group of
people came running towards them screaming and yelling and trying to grab on
to their craft. It would have looked like some kind of scene from the first Indiana
Jones movie when he has to fight off the headhunters to escape in a hydroplane.
In that critical contact situation, with us charging the ETs as my colleague
suggested, they might be tempted to shoot us and certainly they would have to
take off fast to avoid a totally uncontrolled situation. In either case it would have
been a fiasco in terms of citizens' diplomacy.
43

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3289, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To avoid such failures our contact protocols are very specific. Our Working
Groups are very disciplined about this. If there is a craft approaching at low
altitude, you stay put! You signal, you send mentally an image to where they
could land that would be safe, and you invite them to come as close as it is
appropriate and safe for them to do. We ask them to come no further than is safe
for all parties. And if it only goes to the point where only a limited interaction
transpires, like signaling at a distance, as in this 1993 England RMIT research
venture, you are going to have to be happy only with that measure of contact.
They get to make these kinds of decisions. As in this case, the ETs determined
the proximity of their approach. We don't get to choose how close they get. The
analogy that I like to use is that our relationship with them during field work is like
dancing. We are dancing together with the Extraterrestrials, but they are the lead
dancer. They know their technology, we don't. They know our biological systems
better than we know theirs. We have to just trust our more experienced ET dance
partners to smoothly lead us through the contact ballet we are co-creating.
So from this analysis one can understand why there are a considerable number
of safety precautions that we must observe. Another precaution is that we do not
attempt during a high level close encounter - that is where face to face
interactions take place, we do not, under any circumstances, touch one of
these beings. Why is this necessary? They know the biohazards of physical
don't initiate it. We have to understand that they have been observing us for
longer and much more closely than any of us have observed them. They know if
there are any bacterial or viral biohazards from that kind of close contact, we
don't know the risks. Moreover they have a very different bone and organ
structure than we have. Now to them I'm a 200-pound primate with very hard
bones. Some of these ET species have cartilaginous skulls that are almost soft.
They have very fragile bone structures. If we went up to them and said, "Oh we
are so excited to see you"
, and then gave one a big hug, it could be fatal to a little
ET. We have to exercise not only decorum, but also self-restraint and let them
lead the process because they have observed us more often than we have
observed them. It is safe to say we should take our cues from them. Our CSETI
project is a cooperative effort but, I repeat, we should let them be the leading
partner in this dance. This is just common sense, but as I say in the Emergency
Room where I work,
"The least common thing in the world is common sense".
Whether it is Travis Walton running up underneath a craft or in the Canadian
case where he got burnt by touching the craft, unwise practices can cause injury.
We can avoid such risk by using common sense and appropriate restraint and
allow the Extraterrestrials to indicate when it is safe to approach them and touch
them.
Members in the audience have asked why the subjects of "alien abductions"
have problems with remembering their close encounters. If the Extraterrestrials
are so interested in contact why do they apparently create blocks to our
memory? Obviously there is much about this phenomenon that we don't
44

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 3369, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
understand, and personally I don't believe there are memory problems. But when
it comes to the notion that abductions are taking place, first of all, I have to state
that I don't think there has ever been an abduction. Yes people are taken on
board spacecraft without necessarily giving conscious prior permission, but that
is not an abduction. An abduction is a violent criminal act. This label "alien
abduction" shows us how very important the language is that we use to describe
the phenomenon of extraterrestrial intelligence and its interactions with humanity.
The language we use is more reflective of ourselves than what is actually
happening. The terms "abduction" and "cattle mutilation" are both misnomers.
The reports of livestock animals that were being dissected under strange and
inexplicable circumstances first started appearing in the 1970s. Some of the
incidents were associated with sightings of UFOs. The incisions on the animal
carcasses demonstrated the use of sophisticated dissection techniques possibly
involving laser-like technology. Since the initial reports, tabloid journalists and
UFO investigators have bombarded us with the point of view that these
dissections are cruel cattle mutilations, presumably carried out by diabolical
aliens. Whether or not the ETs are involved in all the dissections, it has never
been clearly established. If they were truly responsible for some of the
dissections, alternative interpretations of their actions indicating positive or
benign Extraterrestrial motivations are almost never discussed.
Many of the tissues surgically removed in these incidents have rapid rates of
cellular growth. These include parts of the animals containing the gastrointestinal
tract or sex organs. These rapidly growing cell lines make them ideal for studying
the effects of toxins. Let's assume that the Extraterrestrials were involved in such
occurrences but their actions were motivated by a desire to monitor the effects of
environmental pollutants on mammalian tissues. The damage at the cellular level
caused by such toxins could be studied from dissections of livestock. The tissue
harvested from dissected
animals could then be
• studied in
extraterrestrial laboratories. This more benign explanation, which | personally
believe fits the facts better than the bizarre fantasy that it represents some cruel
diabolical ET plot to torture and mutilate hapless farm animals, is never
mentioned by the tabloids and "mutilation" researchers. It must be remembered
that the Lancet, a respected British medical journal, published an article several
years ago describing the fact that in the last 50 years all over the world, the
sperm count in human males has decreased by about 50%. If this were the result
of environmental damage, either from toxins or radiation, and if the ETs wanted
to study such injury in other mammals, say farm animals, they just might carry
out such investigative dissections to obtain tissue for lab analysis. I would like to
point out that many of these reports come from New Mexico and Colorado, from
a region where nuclear weapons have been developed and tested. Instead of
describing these occurrences as precise surgical dissections likely obtained for
some kind of scientific analysis, instead they are being touted as an additional
proof of the evil intentions of the Extraterrestrials.
45

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3299, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Let's face it; mutilations are in the eye of the beholder. As an ER doctor | get to
take care of mutilations all the time, and they are human against human, and
they are ugly. I've had people in the ER with their entire intestines up on their
chests from knife fights and I have seen other gruesome injuries inflicted on
assault victims. So if you want to see mutilations you don't have to go to cattle
ranches to examine dissections that the Extraterrestrials might be doing, just go
to any big city and check out the carnage we have to endure from clear-cut
human aggression. The subjective factor here is overriding. I personally am a
vegetarian [editor's note: Dr. Greer stopped being a vegetarian several years
later, due to the need for protein for his body building program]. preter not to eat
meat from animals and I don't particularly like the idea of how they are
slaughtered en masse. From my personal point of view, the daily killing of
hundreds of thousands of domestic animals in slaughterhouses is more of a
mutilation and desecration of life than the surgical harvesting of a few animal
organs in isolated rural locations around our country. But this is just one man's
subjective reaction. My personal feeling about the slaughter of livestock says
more about me than it does about how we obtain food on this planet. Nor does it
explain anything about evil intentions of humanity. From this you can understand
why the term "mutilation" is a misnomer. It is a term created by unprofessional
alarmist and hysterical people, who don't understand what they are looking at.
They have coined terms and then parlayed them into a sort of subculture of
terror.
Now the term "abduction" is another thing. By the way, it isn't true that most
people who have had close encounters of the 4th kind don't remember their
experiences. There are a large number of people who consciously recall the
entire encounter in detail without hypnosis. Of course many of these experiences
do not fit into the negative paradigm and mindset of the "alien abduction
experience researchers. These cases, which have included remarkable healings
and other positive physiologic effects, would understandably not be highly
publicized by those promoting alien abductions as the focus of Extraterrestrials'
interactions with humanity. If these positive or at least neutral experiences have
been described at all by the abductionists, they are explained away by the term
"screen memories".
'. Well remember as I stated before, "Fear sells!" Those who
decry their alleged sufferings at the hands of ET get the most publicity. As the old
expression explains, "the squeaky wheel gets the most oil".
Society in general has not realized that Extraterrestrial Intelligence with
advanced technology is currently visiting our planet. For many people, inside and
outside of the government, someone claiming any ET contact experience is to be
treated to a heavy dose of ridicule. Those individuals with what may be neutral or
even beneficial interactions with the ET visitors would understandably not be
eager to seek publicity and openly discuss their personal experience given the
risk of loss of social standing that might occur with extraterrestrial contact
revealed. This might be especially true because of the way human-ET
46

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3251, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
interactions have been sensationalized by a fear based UFO subculture and
tabloid journalists.
Up until recently, in my travels around the world I have found the so-called alien
abduction experience is a uniquely American phenomenon. I have talked to the
leadership of SOBEPS, the respected UFO research group in Belgium. During
the wave from 1989 to early 1992 SOBEPS recorded over 3000 sightings at
close range. Massive silent ET craft silently moved across the landscape at an
altitude of less than 300 feet. How many ET abductions do you think they had in
their case files? There were none! The same thing was true in Mexico. It is so
fascinating that in America at UFO meetings almost every other person you meet
has been snatched out of their bedrooms, raped by an Extraterrestrial and has a
baby floating around in space. Isn't it funny that the ETs are only interested in the
sperm and ova from North Americans? As a physician I would really like to know
what makes our reproductive juices so special?
At some point we will have to get honest about this. The hypnotic regression
technique, which is being used to elicit many of these wild stories, is fatally
flawed in terms of introducing bias. During hypnosis the subject is placed in a
highly suggestible state to supposedly enhance memory, unfortunately the
tendency to fantasize and confabulate are also enhanced. In the hands of "alien
abduction" researchers, many of whom are not licensed physicians or Ph.D.
clinical psychologists,
the temptation to lead the witness to their own
preconceived notions becomes irresistible. Let's face it; there is a wannabe factor
here. There is a sociological faddism here. There is a cult of victimhood here,
where unstable individuals without much ego strength can find an identity which
allows them to be part of a self-styled oppressed group that seeks "justice". The
American addiction to TV talk shows also is a factor. Individuals who would never
be the focus of public attention, once they "remember" under hypnosis, that they
were "abducted" by the ETs, then they too can find their 15 minutes of fame
beneath the glare of television floodlights. This whole spectacle is very disturbing
to see because so much of this stuff is hype and hyperbole and embellishment
and wannabes, and just plain hysteria.
Unfortunately Americans are very susceptible to this kind of faddish hysteria that
we get whipped up into all too often. At some point one has to step back and say,
"Wait a minute!" What are the assumptions we are making in the language we
are using to describe this phenomenon? What are the assumptions we are
making in the case files that are being bandied about as if they were true? Most
of these accounts have no other corroborating witnesses or additional supporting
evidence. Now I am not saying that no one has been taken on board. No I'm not
saying that at all. What I am saying is that about 90% of the cases you are
hearing about in the "alien abduction field" are being simply spun out of thin air or
they are misunderstandings of other types of anomalous experiences or covert
human psycho-electronic events. What could these other types of experiences
be? Some of them are near death experiences, out-of-body experiences,
47

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3423, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
poltergeist phenomena and interactions with astral beings. A whole plethora of
other parapsychological or spiritual experiences are being gathered together and
plunked into this one cubicle called "abductions". This is a very unscientific and
messy situation. We are going to have to be very careful with the conclusions we
try to make from the "alien abductions" database, which in my opinion is fatally
flawed. We should remember that hypnotic regression is no truth serum. There is
overwhelming evidence that confabulation and fantasy building goes on during
hypnosis. Of course, once a belief is instilled in the subject that this hypnotically
induced fantasy is memory, that material will be recalled as if it were actual
experience.
Without mentioning the specific names of the individuals, I would like to share
with you a personal experience that I had with a person whose experience
became part of the "alien abduction" database. I met a woman identified as a
principal subject of a very famous book written on "abductions". She came up to
me at a conference and inappropriately yanked up her skirt in front of God and
everyone at the meeting and she showed me her belly. She proceeded to point
out a section of her skin, which she stated could prove that the Extraterrestrials
had stuck needles in her to take ova out of the ovaries. What she showed me
was nothing more than a cherry hemangioma. This is a very common finding on
skin, which consists of a little outcropping of small blood vessels or capillaries. If
we all took off our clothing I bet I could find one on everybody. In addition to not
proving her claim of assault, the location of her hemangioma was in completely
the wrong place to extract any ova. I said to her, "My dear, I'm sorry to have to
tell you this but that is a simple cherry hemangioma and it is not in the right place
anyway where a needle extraction would have happened". Now remember that
this individual was one of those who had been written up and discussed
extensively in the UFO literature. This case was part of the babies floating in
space brigade. Boy, I can tell you this conversation took place a couple of years
ago when I was sort of a novice in this field. Remember I wasn't heavily involved
with the UFO community until the end of 1990 almost 1991. I soon realized that
this sort of nonsense was being used to construct the database to purvey these
wild abductionist beliefs to the public as truth.
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence is attempting to establish
a citizens' diplomatic initiative with any and all Extraterrestrials who are visiting
Earth at this time. We take this mission very seriously and we are inviting our
fellow human beings to join us to start considering ways that we can positively
interact with advanced ET civilizations. For those who are interested in the UFO
phenomenon, we ask that they consider the consequences of starting our
relationship with the ET visitors by assuming that we are the victims of their
alleged transgressions. Telling each other scary stories in the dark, selling
sensationalized books that are distortions of the facts, assuming evil intentions,
when there is no little credible evidence proving the ETs are harming us, these
misguided activities can only lead to unnecessary conflict. They lead us away
from the possibility of building a mutually beneficial, open and direct relationship
48

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3330, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
between our civilization and theirs. This issue is so important that it demands we
go forward in a sober and responsible manner. The truth is, we know very little
about the Extraterrestrials. They have evolved on different star systems from
ours. They are likely to be an incredibly diverse group of cultures with different
customs, ethical and religious systems. For us to assume that they are
victimizing us, when we know so little about them, is not only ethnocentric and
xenophobic in the extreme, but it likely rules out any possible benefit we might
derive from knowing them. When we openly meet them for the first time, we will
already be addressing them in a contlict mode.
Let's face it - our planet is in trouble. Global environmental disaster from
increasing industrial pollution is threatening all life on Earth. Continued armed
conflict and the preparation for war are wasting tremendous amounts of human
resources that could be used to improve life on our planet instead of destroying
life here. The Extraterrestrials have expressed an interest in us, they are here
and it is likely they have been here for some time. In spite of whatever difficulties
we have in communicating directly with the ETs, CSETI asserts that as
conscious intelligent beings we potentially have more to share with each other
than that which divides us. Given this perspective, common sense dictates that
we should not rule out the distinct possibility that the Extraterrestrials are capable
of offering us some possible assistance in the future, or they might not only be
able to offer assistance, but they might be very willing to point the way to
solutions to many problems that we face. This doesn't mean that they will turn
our world into paradise with a stroke of a magic wand. We will still have to find
our own solutions to the problems we have created for ourselves. Nevertheless,
the knowledge that advanced civilizations have survived to the point where
interstellar travel is possible for them has great significance. It means that they
likely have passed through the violent and conflict oriented period of
development that we are now going through. In other words, spiritual, moral, and
ethical development is likely to accompany technological advancement if a
culture does not self-destruct soon after the creation of nuclear and other
advanced energy systems. Our greatest danger is that in this current historic
period, our capabilities to harm ourselves (and others like the ETs), with
advanced weaponry, have surpassed our ability to control our self-destructive
ways. If we are to survive, as a civilization, as a race of intelligent beings, then
our ethical, moral, and spiritual development will have to catch up with our
predilection for making war and threatening nature with industrial pollution. Just
the knowledge, that other non-terrestrial cultures were able to safely pass
through their equivalent of the terrible times in which we now find ourselves,
would be a great inspiration for us. The Extraterrestrials' success in traveling
through the galaxy and learning to work cooperatively with other star faring
peoples would serve as a great encouragement to all those progressive thinking
people who are trying to save our planet. If they can make it to the stars and
not destroy themselves, then so can we!
49

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3420, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We should remember that all language reflects consciousness. The words we
use encapsulate our consciousness. Words are powerful because they shape
how we will think and act. If the only words we use to describe the human-
extraterrestrial relationship are negative, tear based and xenophobic, words like
"abduction" and "mutilations"
, then we will not even be able to perceive, let alone
take advantage of, whatever opportunities that might present themselves to us
for establishing a mutually beneficial, open and direct relationship with the
Extraterrestrials. So we have to be very careful as to what words we use to
describe this phenomenon. This is especially so when we speak to the public.
Once the awareness of ET civilizations visiting Earth becomes more a part of the
mass consciousness, as the message breaks out of the UFO subculture and we
start breaking into the mainstream culture, the need to handle this subject in a
responsible way will increase exponentially. It may not be long before this theme
will be leaving the inside pages of the National Enquirer to arrive on the front
pages of the New York Times. We must be very careful in selecting the words we
use, not only in terms of maintaining our credibility but also in terms of fulfilling
our social responsibility. It is not only important that we speak the truth that we
can verify, but also that we do so in a way that does not cause unnecessary and
unwarranted panic and alarm. In my opinion those dealing with this subject have
not shown enough social consciousness and enough social responsibility.
Perhaps the planet Earth is like the Titanic before the iceberg was hit. What if an
ET craft materialized above that doomed vessel and removed several
passengers and then later returned them. Let us assume that the ETs gave a
warning of an impending encounter with an iceberg. Once returned to the Titanic,
the passengers would probably give warning to the others that a catastrophe was
about to take place. If such a human-ET interaction occurred on the Titanic,
would that experience be an abduction, or a prelude to a possible rescue? It
certainly could serve to get the captain's attention about the risks of icebergs. He
might take action to save himself and the ship. Our planet is in trouble as the
result of our actions. Every day thousands of species of plants and animals are
threatened with extinction by our unenlightened destructive ways. We threaten
not only ourselves but the welfare of unborn generations of children who will
inherit at best, a wounded planet. Can we truly afford to jump to negative
conclusions about the ET visitors before all the evidence is in? Is it not more
reasonable to attempt to communicate and meet with them directly as CSETI has
started to do, rather than just tell each other scary stories about what we imagine
are their evil intentions? Can we afford to hate and fear them because they
appear different from us and we do not understand their ways? I hope humanity
will ponder these questions carefully.
How did the whole CSETI concept come about? Boy, that's a story I'm not sure
that | can go into today in total, but let me say that my experiences in this area
date back many years. Those
events that occurred when I was about age 18
showed me that human initiated contact with Extraterrestrial Intelligence was
quite possible and that it would only go forward using an expanded view of
50

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 586, "chars": 3509, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reality. Such a project would include nuts and bolts type technology but would
have to go beyond such material based technology and involve what we call
consciousness or mind. Over the years the idea was formulated that we would
need to develop teams of people to contact the Extraterrestrials, these teams
became our CSETI Working Groups. A worldwide network has been established
to carry out initial communication with the visitors. This process needs to go on in
every region of our planet where mature, highly functional teams can begin to
forge open and positive relationships with extraterrestrial civilizations visiting
Earth. This matter is urgent and we cannot afford to waste any more time.
i distined proposing one
What CSETI is proposing is something very different. We are organizing trained
and disciplined groups of people who trust each other as a result of working and
bonding together. A team is better able to go out there and meet the unknown
having the security of fellow humans along with them. The team members of
course are to be quite diverse, with each individual bringing his/her specialized
skills, while at the same time there is a sharing of skills and function in the
training process so that any member can carry out any necessary task during
field work. This is what a real team means. The development of team
consciousness is really important. The concept of bonding together as a group,
rather than just being a collection of individuals, is a very powerful idea. In my
work facilitating the formation of dozens of SETI research teams, I can tell you
that this team concept has been the hardest thing to convey to working groups in
formation. We have to realize that when it comes to contacting Extraterrestrial
Intelligence, the amateur hour has come to an end. It is time that we function like
professionals. Professionalism in this regard means the full development of the
team concept. Now you will notice in the activities of any team, whether it be a
sports team or Emergency Room staff, or what-have-you, that the more the team
is unified and experienced together, the more its work flows from a kind of group
consciousness. The more its guidance is intuitive, based on what has worked in
the past, the more successful that team will be. This is true in the corporate
world. It is true in a family, with a wife, husband and children. It is true wherever
more than one human being works together with another. Unity based on
cooperation and a common past experience is the key to the success of the
team's efforts. From this unified team concept it's clear that I'm talking about
more than just throwing together a handful of people at night to shine lights in the
sky. It is about building a team through both sacrifice and cooperation and using
a specific set of techniques to vector in a spacecraft to the point of a landing.
In order to be a successful team, each member will have to put the ego factor
somewhat aside and work for the common good. I understand that this is asking
a lot from volunteer people, but it is something that we have to do. You know the
worst disasters in Emergency Medicine that I have seen have been the result of
some jackass doctor who thinks he can do everything. Who considers the nurses
and X-ray people and pulmonary technicians as just stupid drones that only exist
to serve his needs? I can tell you that such a doctor working in emergency
situations can kill a lot of people. In terms of having team skills, someone like me
51

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3288, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
who works in an emergency room has an advantage in understanding the team
concept because so much of what we do in the hospital is dependent upon
teamwork. It's not surprising from our experience working in teams that many of
the CSETI Working Group members are in health care professions. In my
experience as a trauma doctor you may find yourself in very desperate situations.
Not long ago a child who was run over by a car presented to our ER. It was a
terribly tragic case but we were able to save the child. Granted the physician is at
the head of the team, but the doctor must continuously rely on the nurses, what
they are seeing, what they are hearing, what their assessments are. With X-ray
technicians, laboratory workers you may have as many as 12 people working
together as a team. In one room they are all cooperatively working over the chilo
o save a life. If you can't work as a team in this kind of situation, it's going to be
chaos and the child is going to die.
Team effort is absolutely necessary not only to attract the Extraterrestrials to a
site, but also to keep them there once they arrive. If the extraterrestrial spacecraft
crews who are monitoring your activities out in the field sense you are a bunch of
discombobulated primates running around the site, they are not going to come
anywhere near you. Your work will be finished. You might as well go home and
try to regroup when you are able to function like a real team. This is why it is very
important that this team concept is well understood by all. This doesn't mean that
there is no leadership in the team. Each CSETI Working Group is to have a
coordinator. We use the term coordinator rather than leader, because coordinate
is really what we want that individual to do - to coordinate the efforts of the team.
Now when high-level contact is imminent, the coordinator is going to have to
lead. In other words take charge of the group and not operate by discussion or
consensus, which are the usual methods of coordinating a CSETI CE-5 Working
Group. When craft are coming in you can't have 5 to 10 people debating as to
what will be the next course of action and who is going to do what next. Under
those conditions of a high level CE-5, there needs to be someone who can be
responsible and say, "Now let's do this!" To the extent it is possible, the model
we want to try and build within the Working Group is working together in a
coordinated fashion by relying on consensus.
Now with this said, each member in the team will have a specialized function. In
addition to the coordinator, each team must have members with the following
roles. First are the boarding party members. These are rank ordered numbered
people. Each member of the boarding party is to receive a number for that night
which will determine whether they board first, second, third, etc., right down the
line. Now if that sounds a bit obsessively compulsive, please let me explain why
this is necessary.
Let's say that everyone in the audience decides to do field work tonight. Now that
means there are 20 of us out on the research site. A craft comes in over the
mountain, it hovers and then at a distance of 200 feet from the group it lands in a
field. There is a clear cut boarding opportunity. Now is that the time for members
52

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3339, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to start arguing among themselves saying things like, "Now tonight it's my turn to
board first, you were designated first the last time!" This kind of monkey mind
stuff has got to stop, before it starts. We cannot behave in this unprofessional
manner. For this reason the coordinator, or the assistant coordinator, designates
rank boarding order. The first four people to board are your "communicators"
The coordinator may or may not be one of them (but usually the coordinator is).
They are designated primary communicator, secondary communicator and so on.
The communication should include both verbal and nonverbal communication -
nonverbal here
meaning consciousness-assisted communication. Your
communicators are chosen among those who have the highest skills both in
verbal communication and parapsychchological communication techniques. This
is obviously necessary because the whole idea of doing this project is to
communicate. The communicators are ranked, 1st, 2na, 3rd, etc. so that they all
don't try to communicate at once. If the primary communicator is unsuccessful in
establishing a dialogue, or for whatever reason becomes incapacitated, then the
secondary communicator takes over. If the second is unsuccesstul then the third
takes charge. The attempts at communication are to be carried out orderly and in
a sequential manner. The reason we create this structure is because we need a
tail-sate backup system.
Now you might ask "how do we document the encounter?" If say you have seven
people in the group, the boarding team member number seven, the last one, is
designated as the documentation person. The individual and his/her assistants
will video tape, audio tape (or digitally record on video and audio), take still
photos, and in every way document the encounter. Ideally if an on board
experience does take place, you would have one documentation person staying
behind to film the departure, and another one on the craft to cover the off planet
experience. If the entire team goes aboard, then you have to be prepared to
leave cameras and tape recorders behind on the hood of the car. This is to
ensure if you don't come back for a few days the documentation will be there on
site for others to find.
Each investigator is required to have a microcassette tape ore digital recorder on
site to document what is going on minute to minute. The reason for this is you
would be amazed the amount of detail that one forgets unless continuous real
time documentation is being done. Unless you are dictating into the recorder as
events are unfolding, the human mind will forget so much of what has transpired.
When there is a great deal going on, we suggest you simply put a blank tape into
one of the recorders and let it record continuously. If you could listen to the
continuous recordings that we made during our high-level CE-5 in England in
1992, even when we were not able to film the event, I believe you would find
them quite compelling as evidence of what had occurred. It is not uncommon for
cameras to fail during these events; we had problems with filming the Close
Encounter we had in Mexico in 1993. Whether such problems are the inadvertent
effect of these crafts' energy systems or deliberate jamming of the cameras, I
don't know. As a result of this kind of difficulty, we strongly suggest continuous
53

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 542, "chars": 3223, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
audio recording be made when highly interactive events start happening. In
addition we are asking that working groups which have very close encounters
submit reports to the CSETI office. It doesn't have to be a very elaborate thing. At
one time we attempted to have very detailed questionnaires filled out but it was
too much. Just please send us a report of what happened. If you are unable to
film the objects, please include a drawing.
To review the different functions so far covered, you have the Working Group
Coordinator and an assistant coordinator. You have your 4 communicators. You
have your boarding party members, each in rank order. You have preferably
more than one documentation specialist and of course they should be the ones
most proficient in using the cameras. There are other functions. Having a site
security person is important at some locations. At the RMIT level, we have
repeatedly experienced human intruders coming into these sites. A designated
security person can be very helpful in dealing with intrusions. Other types of
functions include an equipment person who can keep operational all the lights,
radio transmitters, video equipment, etc. This is so you don't arrive out on the site
and suddenly discover that your light or CB radio batteries are dead. All these
specialized assignments indicate just how seriously we take this project and
carrying them all out properly obviously requires some considerable degree of
internal discipline.
With all this said about specialization of functions, each member of the team
should be able to do some if not all the other jobs required during field work. The
roles are to be somewhat interchangeable. The coordinator's position may have
to fall to someone else, if the coordinator becomes incapacitated.
The
documentation person may be shaking so much when the craft arrive that a
camera can't be held steady, therefore there must be other people on site who
know how to operate the video and other cameras. In each group there needs to
be what we call cross training. We ask that Working Group members practice
doing all the functions involved in field work.
Another thing we ask people to do is have buddies. This concept evolved soon
after we started the project when we realized that it is not a good idea to let
people wander around the site and not be accounted for. So we recommended
that people pair off or go out in threes, so group members' physical and
emotional states out in the field will be loosely monitored by co-workers. The
buddy must be aware of his partner(s) situation at all times. The buddies are
accountable for each other. If your buddy becomes incapacitated, or cannot go
any further in terms of a high level CE-5, we designate a safe area at each site
where that person can go to calm down. If your buddy has to go to the safe area,
you must go with him. We have to be humane to each other and realize that
some people could become extremely emotional during these close encounters,
especially if they have not seen them happen before. If someone becomes
unglued, it's time to go to the designated safe area with your buddy. These
logistics are incorporated in all field investigations and those of you who go out
54

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3343, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with us tonight will see them demonstrated. The buddy system helps create an
internal sense of security. People should feel that they have someone who they
can talk to who is their buddy. In larger training exercises like the one we had in
Arizona in March of 1993 with over 70 trainees, we actually had professional
counselors for the whole group, but the buddy system was always functioning. It
was important to have additional support there because we had one or two
people who became particularly anxiety ridden during the first few nights that we
went out. Let's face it, our work is done at night, in isolated locations, and some
people get spooked in the dark. It sounds somewhat childish, but some people
are truly scared of the dark. So a Working Group has to take care of this internal
business prior to or just upon arrival at the research site. Only then can the actual
field investigation proceed.
Some people have questioned whether we really need a security person. At the
local Working Group level this is much less a problem. The local site is chosen
with security parameters well in mind to minimize the risk of problems. (Please
see Shari Adamiak's review of Working Group procedures) At the level of the
Rapid Mobilization Investigative Team (RMIT) however, the CSETI team is going
into a less well-known or possibly even totally unknown location. Its research site
is selected on the basis of being where a wave of sightings is going on.
The presence of an RMIT in association with high extraterrestrial activity will
likely attract attention. For example, if you read the RMIT report from Alton
Barnes England, the summer of 1992, we had there no fewer than 50 intruders
the first night. On subsequent nights we had everything from contract CIA agents
and MI-5 agents to tabloid journalists breaking into the site, which by the way
was on private land. Under these types of conditions, believe me, you will need a
site security person. In England that year, the farmer who graciously had given
us permission to use his land, provided us with security people who
circumnavigated the perimeter to protect the site. I know this all sounds
ridiculous, but even with the patrols forming a line of defense, we had intruders
breaking into the group. In that particular investigation we had major problems to
a large extent because our plans to go there had been leaked out to the media in
advance of our arrival. What resulted was a feeding frenzy of interest concerning
our activities from the local population, and from the tabloid media and from the
crop circle enthusiasts. It really was a very difficult situation to try and vector in
spacecraft. Our research site was simply not secure.
Those security breaches were the reason why, in my opinion, our major
encounter with a near landing took place during a rainstorm. The rain drove off all
those intruders, and only then did the over 100 foot in diameter, disc shaped craft
come in. I strongly suspect that the storm was artificially created by the ET craft
to allow the encounter to occur as it did. I know this may sound strange to some
of you who may not be familiar with SETI's experience in the CE-5 Initiative, but
dramatic changes in weather do occur in association with high level Close
Encounters of the Fifth Kind. This phenomenon is only one aspect of many
55

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3382, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unusual occurrences described by the term "high strangeness", that is a regular
part of the ET contact experience. In the CSETI field reports from other
investigations you can read of sudden temperature changes, or rapid clearing of
clouds that precede interactive experiences with extraterrestrial spacecraft. For
this reason I believe that rainstorm in England in 1993 was engineered by the
ETs in order to facilitate the Close Encounter that we had. It was amazingly
choreographed.
For local Working Groups based in large cities like Denver or Los Angeles, a
number of special security difficulties are present. Personally, I don't think you
have a serious research site unless you are at least a one-hour's driving distance
out of the major metropolitan area. The reason why this is so, is because you are
too close to areas of population and heavy air traffic to allow a high level CE-5.
Now granted in Central Park you could have one ET craft quickly fly over, hover
briefly, then signal and rapidly take off. That is adequate for perhaps an initial
training site, but when you are talking about developing the team competence to
get to the point of an actual landing, you need a site that is truly secure. Keep in
mind that we are responsible for providing security not only for our team, but also
for the Extraterrestrials who are our guests. If we have not done our homework,
and we vector them on to a site where they are blind-sided, and a very
unfortunate occurrence takes place, then we are responsible for that. We have to
take this very seriously.
Don't think that disasters have not happened. We have interviewed an individual
who has described an incident which happened at McGuire Air Force Base in
1978. An Extraterrestrial Biological Entity was encountered outside a spacecraft
in a US nuclear weapons storage area. The EBE was reported to have been shot
and killed by base security forces. I repeat, we have interviewed the person who
claims to have been there and saw it. There are people all over the world who if
they see an ET craft, the first thing they will do is get a weapon and start shooting
at them. We have reviewed case after case like this. One specific example was
personally told to me in confidence by a man who worked for the State
Department. He described how when he was growing up on a farm in Georgia,
one of these disc shaped ET craft came over and landed in a field behind his
house. His father's reaction was to run and immediately get his shotgun and to
repeatedly shoot at the flying disc. The sites we select therefore must be secure
both for our team and for the ET visitors. Remember, we are inviting them!
Finding the ideal site is of course almost impossible. It would have to be remote
from population centers and accessible to the Working Group at the same time. It
would have to be in a region away from military installations for security reasons,
while at the same time located in areas where ET craft are frequently sighted,
which of course includes military bases and nuclear power plants. The perfect
site can never be found. A research site that is remote enough to be secure is
not going to be readily accessible to the Working Group. Therefore, Working
Groups must balance these diverse parameters and go through the painstaking
process of searching for sites, assessing their utility through field investigations.
56

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3005, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI research teams may have to go through a series of sites, working them
up and often having to abandon them when problems ensue, as they often do.
(For more useful information on this site selection please see Shari Adamiak's
article.)
Let me give you an example from the initial attempts by CSET to employ these
techniques in Western North Carolina back in 1991. We were able to vector a
spacecraft into the area, but we were unknowingly operating in the ground radar
approach path for Asheville Airport. The craft approached the site initially but
then traveled over a hillside into the Eastern Tennessee area. Night after night
the object carried out this maneuver, and we asked ourselves, "Why is it doing
this?" Later I went to the FAA tower in Asheville and found out that we were
attempting to vector the Extraterrestrials directly into the path of the ground
approach landing radar for the regional airport. The evasive maneuver of the ET
craft made sense because the object was repeatedly flying into a radar blackout
area where three adjacent city airports had no overlapping radar coverage.
The craft was apparently going to a more remote location where it could not be
detected. I believe that this repeated maneuver was their way of telling us to find
a research site with better security for them. Back in 1991 we were in
kindergarten, now SETI is in something like high school in terms of experience.
Nevertheless we continue to learn from this growing experience. In other words
these guidelines are not set in stone.
I would like to remind you that conventional radar uses computers to pick up
objects with certain very specific flight characteristics. Craft moving faster than a
certain speed are screened out; if an object is hovering, it too won't appear on
the screen. Spacecraft coming in at 5000 miles per hour and then coming to a
dead stop would not likely appear on conventional radar. If however you are
talking about the deep space radar network based in Cheyenne Mountain
Colorado, it's a whole different ball game. They can pick up objects in deep
space the size of a screwdriver. I have spoken to a US intelligence officer who
reported being in a room where "category 52"
', which is code for ET spacecraft,
are tracked at NORAD. He told me it's done at console 88, if you ever want to go
in there and find it. I am told that at one point they detected an artificial craft in
deep space that was 26 miles in diameter.
Other straightforward considerations in doing field work are things like weather
conditions with great caution concerning possible exposure to lightning. Being
able to keep your vehicles nearby is also very helpful. If you can't keep the cars
near to your site, you will need to take along battery packs. The equipment you
are going to use will be dependent to a great extent on how much money the
group is willing to spend. You could spend $100,000 on equipment if you had it
and wanted to, but the basic stuff that you will need is very inexpensive.

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3394, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The most important part of these contact protocols is the question, why are you
out there doing this work? The answer to that question lies in the heart place.
Your true motivations are the most important aspect of this work. This is
transcendent. This is the major issue in whether or not you will have a successful
attempt to establish contact. Let us remember that other people have attempted
to do this. I have spoken to national security operatives who told me in
contidence that they have attempted to do what CSETI is doing and they have
not been successful. One man in particular asked me why! thought they had
failed. I told him that his lack of success was because he had the wrong motives.
I went on to say, "You have been driven by national security and technological
acquisition motives which are not in keeping with universal principles." Those
principles have to do with building relations that are mutually beneficial,
cooperative, and therefore sustainable. This is a key point. I'm not saying we
have to be so idealistic here; on the contrary it is a very practical point. If any
extraterrestrial civilization senses that the motives animating any given working
group are selfish and greedy, then things are not going to happen.
Let's assume that a group wants to get a picture to sell to the National Enquirer
for $50,000, or perhaps wants to capture a piece of their technology to back
engineer it, patent it and then sell it for millions; well these kinds of motives are
just non-viable. The ETs are not going to play ball with that kind of a team. How
would the Extraterrestrials know what your motives are? Oh, I think that is very
easily discerned. Before they make extensive contact with a group, they are
going to carefully monitor what that group is really all about. This can be done by
the ETs with both conventional and non-conventional means. (For a more
detailed review of how the Extraterrestrials can
consciousness please review articles III and IV from the monograph.) Doing this
contact work from the heart, for the very pure intent of establishing contact is the
key to success. Remember, we are trying to develop a mutual and sustainable
relationship between human and other intelligent life forms. This should be the
motivating purpose for this project. If one's efforts are grounded in mundane
purposes, they will generate very mundane results. Other civilian groups have
wanted to get very close to these objects to get the scoop on ET technology.
They have all failed miserably. On 100 outings they have not had the success
that CSETI has achieved in one RMIT activation. It is because the CSETI teams
are motivated to do this work for the right reasons. This should be obvious and
make sense to people.
Getting back to the national security operative who had tried to make contact and
had failed, I told him he was attempting to make contact with the Extraterrestrials
for the wrong reasons. I said, "I see that you are in a box, and your box is
national security. Until you begin to view this as a global phenomenon, and not a
national one, you will not be successful." Beyond this we have to realize that
there is no basis for a long-term relationship if it is based on universal acquisition
of someone else's technology. It is a very crass and inappropriate motive,
although it may be driven by some desire to benefit mankind with that advanced
58

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3404, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ET technology. Let's use some common sense. If the first thing you do to your
new neighbor is to go to his place and try to get something from him, this is a
poor basis to start a relationship. It doesn't matter if you are talking to your
neighbor or your future spouse, to your company or to an interplanetary neighbor
who comes from somewhere out in space. Now people have asked, "Aren't there
certain valid human self interests in making contact?" My reply is, "Certainly there
are, but they should be based on mutual benefit, not unilateral benefit." If
multilateral benefit is not achieved by the contact, then all continued efforts will
fail. We are looking for long-term results. SETI is not looking for a flash in the
pan. We are not looking for one exciting event, to go around the moon in an ET
spaceship. Our goal is no less than to develop a long term, mutually beneficial
peaceful relationship between human Earth society and other planetary
civilizations. This is a very big picture that we are painting here. We cannot be
successful if we focus on short-term gains, no matter how exciting and attractive
they might be. The intent that we convey is key. I find it humorous that we
humans
are
always wrapped up with, "What is their intent?" | say to that
concern, "Let's worry about our intentions. We can't do anything about the ET's
intentions. We can do something about our intent. This is something we have
control over." I suggest to everyone that is getting involved with this project that
they think about this very deeply. What is animating your involvement in this
contact process?
Evaluating our intentions is a very practical part of this project. Let me tell you
about a problem we had in North Carolina during our initial attempts at putting
these principles into practice. We had one man in our group whose main interest
was acquiring the secrets of ET technology so that he could get patents to
develop new energy systems and become very wealthy. Incredible as this might
seem, it is absolutely true. That individual was unilaterally removed from the
Working Group. We had another person, a woman, whose only interest was to
just get once aboard an ET craft and go for a single joy ride. When we had gone
out into the field several times and they had not picked us up for her "ride around
the moon", she came up to me and said, "Look, I'm getting tired of all this. We've
gone out three times and I still haven't gotten a ride on a space ship! Listen,
when you contact them, just tell the ETs to come to the back of my house. I have
a deck there, and I'll get on board and we'll take a ride." I could hardly believe it,
but this woman was actually serious. I told her, "I'm sorry, but this is not going to
work." So this sort of childish but very understandable desire is manifested in
groups preparing to do this work. Yes it is true we are all curious, all of us want to
get close to these craft. It is fascinating. It is exciting, but let us not lose sight of
the big picture, of the high-minded vision of why we are doing this contact
project. If we lose sight of that larger more important mission, then we will never
be successful.
I don't think ET civilizations that have come such great distances, and who are
carrying out such an extensive project on planet Earth, would take the time to get
involved with a CSETI Working Group so that its members could have some
59

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 3501, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cheap thrills and get a ride on one of their spaceships. The Working Groups are
going to have to be motivated by something greater than that in order for the CE-
5 initiative to be successful. So keep this in mind as you prepare to do field work.
One government researcher told me he was involved in trying to contact the
Extraterrestrials for a dozen years. He was astounded when he heard that
CSETI, in just a year, had facilitated multiple encounters with ET craft. In addition
all these CE-5s had multiple witnesses. He asked, "How are you doing this?" |
replied, "I don't think the question is how we are doing this, but rather where are
our hearts in all this?" I said to him, "You could do the exact same protocols that
we are following and never have one of these close interactions take place,
because you are doing them for all the wrong reasons."
Everything we are doing now will determine the future direction of this project
because we are just in the beginning of the contact process. Let us not forget
that every action we take is very powerful. Humanity's relationship with the
Extraterrestrials can be compared to an embryo. If you expose me or any other
adult to a toxin, or stick a needle in me, it will have far less effect than if you do
the same thing to an embryo inside its mother's womb. A transient physical injury
has a nominal effect on an adult. Do the same thing to a developing embryo and
the injury is devastating. The growing embryo has such a tremendous potential
for further development. It is in such a multi-potent state. It is so highly vulnerable
that even slight insults will terribly deform it as it grows to a fetus, and then a
child and then an adult. To extend the analogy, I believe that we are in an
embryonic phase of the Earth's evolution where an old order is dying off and a
new civilization is being born. Everything that we do now, in this embryonic
phase, is going to have immense ramifications down the road in the decades and
centuries to come. We have to be very conscious and very careful in what we are
doing and why we are doing it. Each of us will have to examine his or her own
soul. We must discover for ourselves why we are involved in this project.
We are trying to build a bridge between the way things are now, to the way they
will be in the future. Every pioneering group does the same thing. They build a
bridge from one reality to another. As we attempt to build such a bridge, we had
better be sure it is constructed on strong foundations. The foundations of
previous attempts have been so mundane, so shaky, that no bridge could ever
be built on them. They sank into quicksand before they got the first span up. As a
race of conscious and intelligent beings, we must learn from our collective
mistakes; we must say that we can do it right this time. I have full faith that there
are enough good people on this planet that we can succeed in building a strong
and enduring bridge to the next stage of our development. Some day the masses
of people on Earth will be aware of this contact process now flowing from the
principles that CSETI is elucidating. Right now however, just a very small number
are involved. We really can't turn to the governments of the world to do this, or
even to the United Nations because that organization is not logistically set up to
carry out the work. The UN can only follow out the instructions of its client states.
Since open and direct contact with the ETs is not on the agenda of any nation's
60

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 547, "chars": 3307, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
government, the UN is powerless to act. We will have to empower ourselves to
do it, and in the process will be undertaking a world citizens' diplomatic effort. At
this point our group is somewhat small and grass roots, but I'm certain that our
project will grow into a powerful global movement.
With all this background, let's talk about what we actually do in the field. This
contact process that is going on is an experiment in the laboratory called planet
Earth. You can't go to Harvard or Yale and pull a book about how to attract
spacecraft into secure research sites and establish interplanetary relations. It is a
book we are writing today. We are walking through this process creating
protocols as we do it. Each time a Working Group goes out and shares their
experience, each time the RMIT is activated to UFO hot spots, it is a learning
process. We are getting new information and incorporating these findings into our
work all the time. Although we are constantly fine-tuning the process, the basics
remain the same, which are as follows. Here I will not go into all the case reports
that have led up to the development of these techniques. I recommend that you
read the monograph Article III, Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind (Part 1): A
Proposal For An Important Research Category. I can't go into all the case reports
cited there but please review that material. The experiences that we have had,
plus our review of the literature reporting various CE-5s from around the world,
indicate that all these types of encounters have been mediated by three basic
modalities, light, sound and thought. The last one we will talk about in some
detail later. We call these three modalities the contact trilogy. CSETI has in its
files reports of numerous individuals who have been in locations where
spacecraft happened to be present and those people on the ground took the
initiative to flash their car lights at the craft, or perhaps used a flashlight to signal
to it. In these many cases the spacecraft then approached and signaled back.
This signaling back and forth is what we call "photon talk". It is a valid modality
for communicating in a simple and preliminary way.
There are also some accounts however, of people using powerful lights and
lasers to actually vector a craft into a site when there were none initially present
in the vicinity. A number of these events occurred inadvertently when craft
appeared at outdoor rock concerts or during demonstrations of industrial lasers.
Here let me make a distinction between primary vectoring and a second degree
CE-5. Primary vectoring takes place when you are in a location where no craft is
seen and you engage in certain protocols to vector them into a site. This is
analogous to how a plane is vectored into a runway at an airport. The attraction
of ET spacecraft to a site by predetermined protocols represents a very
advanced state of communication. It is much easier to be someplace where a
craft is already present and secondarily engage it by say, flashing a light at it.
When there are no craft at all visible in the area, and you are talking about
vectoring one in, this is a very sophisticated skill. That level of skill is virtuoso,
which very few Working Groups have developed but that we are all trying to
become proficient in.
61

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 585, "chars": 3593, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When lights alone have been effective in primary vectoring, they have been
extremely powerful lights or lasers. This type of equipment is usually so
expensive to buy and so difficult to maintain, that it can't be used in regular
CSETI field work. Even when lasers have been available to us, deploying them in
remote sites creates many logistical problems. From all this, it is easy to see why
we don't have those kind of powertul lights and lasers that alone, without the
other contact modalities, might be capable of achieving primary vectoring. [Note:
By 2005, we were using green lasers, but care must be taken not to shine them
on aircraft or in peoples' eyes or in house windows.] The lights we are currently
[in 1995] using are .5 up to 1.5 million candlepower halogen lanterns. These
hand held signal lights can reach 75,000 or more feet out into space. This is quite
high, some 15 miles. This type of light usually requires a car battery hookup as a
source of power. Lights with about a million candlepower are especially effective
in remote mountainous regions where there is little air pollution or competing
lights from other human activities. We are also employing fully portable signal
lanterns that don't have to be plugged into car cigarette lighters. These lights are
500,000 candlepower. This type can reach out 40 to 50,000 feet into space. I
have actually struck the underside of a jet at an altitude of about 35,000 feet and
illuminated it with one of these 500,000 CP lanterns. So even the 1/2 million
candlepower lights are quite effective. We attempt to use them for primary
vectoring by making geometric patterns in the sky. Once a craft is sighted we are
also using them for secondary vectoring by signaling. In other words when there
are no craft present we are using the three modalities of light, sound and thought
to attract ETS in a protocol fashion. Once a craft appears, we designate the
situation as a secondary event. Being in line of sight with the craft we can then
signal directly to it. An ET craft in our vicinity may not always be aware of our
location. By signaling at the craft and receiving the same pattern of light flashes
back we can establish that rudimentary communication exists. We designate this
as "lock-on".
• Just because you see a craft, it doesn't mean that "lock-on" has
been established. Here is an example from our 1993 Mexico investigation.
We were camped at the base of the volcano. We were practicing a form of
thought projection called Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS), which I will
explain in a moment. Earlier we had been doing light work and were playing the
tones of ET origin. The team was stretched out on the ground on tarps, silently
doing CTS. While in a meditative state, with my eyes shut I was doing what's
called remote viewing. (This is a parapsychological skill that allows the "viewer"
to receive detailed visual information about a location without actually physically
seeing it. For more information on this important topic please see books by Targ
and Puthoff,
"Mind Race"
, or by remote viewer Joseph McMoneagle "Mind Trek".
editor) While practicing this psi technique of remote viewing, I suddenly knew
there was a craft nearby. I felt the urge to sit up and look to the right and there it
was. I basically saw it with my eyes shut. The large triangular shaped craft was
silently moving to the south obliquely away from our position. It appeared to be
meandering around back and forth as if looking for something. I believe the
something was us. At that point we picked up the 500,000 candlepower lantern
62

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 608, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and signaled to it. The craft immediately signaled back and changed its direction,
heading straight toward us. This is very important because we don't know the
capabilities of ET craft to find us guided by consciousness-mediated techniques
alone. By signaling directly at it we are able to vector ETS to our exact position.
So using lights is a very important part of the contact trilogy.
We also employ playing recordings of beeping tones that are of extraterrestrial
origin.
Please note: The remainder of this discussion is concluded on the
Coherent Thought Sequencing CD included in this training kit.
63

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 3, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
64

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3185, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION TO CSETI FIELD WORK
By Joseph Burkes, M.D. 1995
Let's face it; it's OK to be somewhat apprehensive when going out into the field
for the first time. Vectoring in ET Spacecraft to initiate a citizens' diplomatic
mission with the ET visitors is not something you've done every day of your life.
It's not something you learn at home or in grade school or at the university. You
can't watch a "do it yourself"
program about it on educational TV (hopefully that
will change in the future), nor is it an activity that is just plain "intuitively obvious"
which yields to a spontaneous "anything goes" approach.
Following the CSETI contact protocols can be extraordinarily helpful for simply
one reason. They really do work! Dozens of successful Close Encounters of the
Fifth Kind have been initiated by CSETI Working Groups in North America and in
England by following these principles, and so we invite you to follow our example
and see if you can add to this growing body of experience. Remember these
protocols are not cut in stone. They have been evolving constantly and are based
on each attempt at contact. Without a doubt they will continue to evolve,
hopefully with
your contributions as well. As the CSETI leadership has
emphasized, there are no true experts in the field of 'extraterrestriology'. There
are no tenured professors at major universities in "Saucer Studies" who are
available for consultations if you have questions. Given the current level of
general societal denial concerning the presence of ET visitors, you will not likely
be the recipient of major funding to finance your research. Nevertheless you may
be amazed at how successful you can be in establishing contact early in the
course of your efforts (this field worker certainly was), and you can do so with a
minimum of equipment combined with the right attitude. Let's start with the first
step and that is forming a group, but as part of that discussion we should review
how the initial CSETI research teams were organized. If you already have a
team of friends who know each other well and are ready to go out into the
field, you might want to skip over this upcoming CSETI history treatise and
go on to the next section "Dealing with Fear"
CSETI working groups have formed in a number of ways. The first attempts at
doing regular fieldwork started in North Carolina, where CSET International
Director Steven Greer resided. He started going out into the field with a number
of local supporters in 1991. It was there in the Appalachian Mountains that these
basic contact protocols were initiated based on his preliminary investigations.
Following this initial phase, Dr. Greer embarked on a 3 year effort that involved
giving dozens and dozens of lectures and workshops in North America and in
Europe to facilitate the formation of other CSETI working groups. The training
process consisted usually of a public lecture on a Friday evening followed by an
in depth all day workshop the next day. There the guiding principles of the Center
for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence were described. (For a detailed
explanation of these basic tenets, please review Dr. Greer's monograph.) In
65

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 3096, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
addition the workshop participants were introduced to the guided meditation
techniques that form the basis of Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS).
Fieldwork protocols were also reviewed to enable CSETI members to start their
CE-5 research that very night following the workshop. Under starry skies, Dr.
Greer's demonstrations of how the contact protocols are carried out sometimes
produced amazing
results. More often than not there were sightings of
anomalous lights that astounded many of the participants, and on one occasion a
truly historic event took place.
It occurred March 15, 1992, when following an all day CSETI workshop at Gulf
Breeze, Florida,
no less than 4 ET spacecraft interacted with 50 of the
participants for 15 minutes. (For more details please see the full report in Dr.
Greer's monograph.) This spectacular occurrence was captured by several home
videos. They show how three of the craft, which were visible as discs through
binoculars, broke a loose formation and took the shape of an equilateral triangle.
This move was in response to the CSETI's light work, which consisted of tracing
triangles in the sky with powerful signal lanterns. The videos provided SETI with
dramatic documentation, which served to recruit future working group members.
(This working group coordinator, Dr. Joe Burkes of the Los Angeles CSETI
contact team, joined the CE-5 initiative in part because of the convincing quality
of these amazing home videos.)
In spite of high initial enthusiasm following these dramatic fieldwork
demonstrations, working groups faced considerable difficulties in organizing
themselves to do regular fieldwork. Often composed of people who had met for
the first time at the workshop, they had to go through a complex process of
training and socialization before they could work as an effective team. There are
however a small number of outstanding exceptions. In these instances teams
formed from groups which were already doing contact work on their own and
they brought CSETI in only after they had already established an effective and
positive working relationship among themselves. These preexisting groups had a
much higher probability of coalescing than those teams initially composed of
strangers to one another, or prospective researchers who only knew each other
as acquaintances.
As a result of Dr. Greer's initial organizing efforts that involved many dozen
lectures and workshops trom 1991 to 1994, only about halt the initial groups were
able to sustain regular contact work. Although each success and failure in
creating an ongoing contact team can be analyzed in terms of the specific history
of that group, a number of important lessons have emerged from this body of
experience. The following suggestions are offered in the hope that they will help
you maximize your chance of building a successful CE-5 Working Group.
Business meetings play an important introductory role to a new CE-5 team.
During the first few meetings, in addition to reviewing the basic protocols,
prospective field workers will need to share some details about themselves,
66

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3512, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
especially why they are interested in contact work. The WG coordinator may
want to carefully take note of this important information, as the better the WG
coordinator knows his/her team, then the better s/he is able to lead the field work.
Careful attention should be paid to the stated personal goals of prospective
researchers, always keeping in mind the high ideals of CSETI to obtain a
mutually beneficial, peaceful relationship with any and all ET civilizations visiting
Earth. Those who express fear-based assumptions about the visitors' intentions
may need special assistance and support from the group. The WG coordinator
who shares the most responsibility for maintaining the cohesion of the team will
likely play a very active role in these preliminary discussions. It should always be
recognized that CE-5 contact work is not for everyone and WGs are primarily
research teams tocusing on doing regular fieldwork to investigate El intelligence
and spacecraft visiting Earth. We are not a support group for those who believe
they are contactees, "abductees", or wannabes.
Following brief business meetings, I suggest that the team should immediately go
out to do field work. A recommendation of 3 or 4 outings the first month, can help
build the unity and camaraderie so necessary for building a successful team.
Don't be surprised if considerable attrition occurs within the ranks of the team
during the first month or two. Expect perhaps a minimum of 50% of those who
attend a workshop or the initial meetings to drop out. For some it will simply be
that fantasizing about fieldwork is far more attractive than actually doing it. Some
individuals may want only to talk about UFOs, rather than doing something about
them. After all, staying up late at night in adverse weather, to do something as
strange, audacious, and exciting as vectoring in ET spacecraft, may be too
difficult for couch potatoes. For other prospective field workers the problems may
be interpersonal. Let's face it, not everyone is a team player. The UFO field has
more than its fair share of strange birds who may not have the social skills to
work effectively in a group. The more stable and the more secure an individual is
in terms of having a steady well paying job, family support for SETI research,
and adequate amounts of free time to dedicate to this important work, the more
likely s/he will be to persevere. Initially putting off field work and staying with
discussion type meetings during the formation period of the team has been fatal
and staven with
for a number of Working Groups that just could not coalesce. When subjected to
a seemingly endless series of discussions about things theoretical, those
prospective CSETI investigators who are eager to go out into the field will
understandably lose their enthusiasm. This unfortunately occurs far too often in
the UFO community where a steady diet of speculation is constantly being
dished out instead of solid facts based on prospective scientific investigation.
CSETI has launched the CE-5 initiative to remedy this sad situation. Thus a
rigorous schedule of field work early in the development of the group, will help
separate the talkers from the doers and at the same time help add important new
experience and scientific research to SETI's growing data base. Not
unexpectedly, the big talkers may simply drop out when an active schedule of
fieldwork is carried out and the team's identity will gladly coalesce around the
most highly motivated researchers.
67

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 553, "chars": 3259, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And now ladies and gentlemen, it's time to discuss the big bugaboo of CSETI
work and perhaps the entire flying saucer field, and that is "dealing with fear".
(It might be helpful to review Dr. Greer's articles titled "The Case for Non-
Hostility" and "A Harvest of Fear". They are numbered X and XI in his
monograph. An edited version of my article on abductionism might also help put
this subject into a broader perspective.)
As my teenage son and daughter might express the CSETI approach to dealing
with fear of ETI, "Hey Dude, chill out, it's cool". My translation and elaboration
on that general advice is as follows: It's OK to be somewhat apprehensive when
you go out into the field for the first time. Vectoring spacecraft is going to be a
novel activity for the overwhelming majority of you who are reading this manual.
At the first few business/social meetings, you will get some idea of where each
person is at on the fear front. We should all be aware of the fact that peoples'
social face often does not reflect their true feelings. In other words you might
have to be more concerned about those prospective researchers who appear to
be minimizing their fear, instead of those who are more open to the discussion.
The macho man who beats his chest and loudly declares, "No problemo, man!
It's a piece of cake", just might be covering up a lot of anxiety. The Hollywood
socialite type who might declare, "It's a done deal, baby. We'll simply call down
ETI, do late dinner, and then party", might also be truly quite fearful of the
visitors. On the opposite side of the same coin there will be those who just can't
seem to stop fretting about what might be ETI's "true intentions". For such
individuals, they might consider deferring fieldwork till they can in good
conscience base their efforts on SETI's assumption of the ET's non-hostility. If
a field worker really can't accept the Extraterrestrials as being approachable,
then they are not going to be able to contribute to our efforts in a positive way.
We should try to keep in mind that there is no absolute standard as to what
defines too much fear in a CE-5 team in formation. Most of it will depend on
where the group stands as a whole. Some individuals in the group may need to
address this issue more than others. The responsibility of the coordinator is to be
sensitive to each individual's
need to address the fear issue so that each
prospective CSETI investigator will approach the group's norm and be able to
successfully integrate into the fieldwork activities.
Group discussion should emphasize the CSETI principle that unless clearly
proven otherwise, beyond a shadow of a doubt, we assume no hostility from the
ETs. Clearly some groups will need to address this issue more than others, but if
prospective researchers cannot accept this assumption of non-hostility then they
likely will choose to drop out of the Working Group on their own. If they stick
around the Working Group, but are not able to participate fully in all activities
because of fear, then they should be encouraged to resign. Excessive fear of ETI
may manifest itself at the business meetings in a number of ways. As mentioned
above, it might present as an individual's need to repeatedly question, "what
68

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3253, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ETI's true intentions are?" On the opposite side of the same coin, a fear-based
individual might remain strangely silent while looking extremely uncomfortable
during any such discussions of ET's motives. It's helpful to point out that from the
ET's point of view, looking down on this violent planet, they might have good
reason to question what our intentions might be towards them. After all, the UFO
literature has described numerous occasions where humans have attacked them.
Much of what is reported as the sinister actions of the ETs may be nothing more
than manifestations of individual humans' projected hostility.
The Working Group and especially its Coordinator should be aware that
occasionally prospective CSETI researchers might have a hidden agenda. They
might want to participate in fieldwork but only to attract the ET group of their
particular choice. The mythology of the "evil gray aliens who abduct humans" is
so well entrenched among the saucer enthusiasts that the CE-5 WG may find
such prejudicial notions cropping up and interfering with WG operations. By
emphasizing the basic CSETI principle of welcoming any and all Extraterrestrial
peoples visiting Earth, hopefully these negative attitudes will be counteracted and
those prospective members who truly cannot overcome excessive fears will get
the message and drop out. If they do not leave on their own, then they must be
compelled to resign because such fear based and prejudicial views will
jeopardize the entire team's efforts. On occasion excessive fear might manifest
itself in a more subtle way. A troubled WG member might attend the business
meetings but will somehow miss most of the fieldwork sessions. In situations like
this, group unity and discipline could be reinforced by emphasizing the
importance of everyone participating fully. The importance of building a citizens'
diplomatic initiative to the ET civilizations is not a job for the lighthearted. For
those who are willing to meet the challenge, the opportunities for success are
great, but those who do not fully participate, whether out of fear or lack of
dedication, they can interfere with or even ruin the efforts of the more dedicated
team members.
It's really all a question of building trust. If the team members can't earn each
other's trust by their collective actions together in carrying out the CE-5 Initiative
protocols, it's unlikely that they'll be able to earn the trust and continued
cooperation
from our ET collaborators who are undoubtedly observing our
efforts. The struggle to establish and maintain the unity within the CSETI CE-5
team is in some very practical ways a reflection of the ways we will build a
relationship with the ETs. This struggle, to achieve unity, is perhaps also a
microcosm of the way humanity will have to learn to cooperate as a planet of
conscious and intelligent beings which can only then join a larger and more
enlightened interplanetary community.
In the next section Shari Adamiak, [then] CSETI Working Groups Director,
describes established guidelines and training for fieldwork. The basic SETI
contact triad of light, sound and consciousness, was developed by her premier
CE-5 Initiative team. Her vigorous efforts in the Denver Area have been an
69

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 510, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inspiration for all subsequent CSETI Working Groups. Her knowledge and
experience are vital resources in CSETI's mission. She has been not only
instrumental in assisting many other contact teams to master the protocols, but
she has worked closely with CSETI International Director Dr. Steven Greer, in
the formation of the Rapid Mobilization Investigative Team (RMIT). This working
group without geographical bounds has been successful in facilitating Close
Encounters of the Fifth Kind all over the world.
70

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 1983, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Working Groups
GUIDELINES AND TRAINING FOR FIELD WORK
By Shari Adamiak
The following information is intended as a practical manual. Please provide a
copy to every person in the working group.
SECTION 1 - PREPARING FOR FIELD WORK
Site Selection:
As in real estate, the prime consideration in selecting a site for CSETI field work
is: location, location, location!
The key features to look for are:
• Privacy
• Absence of nearby ambient light
• Hidden from public roads and houses
• Accessible even while carrying field gear
• View of sky and horizons
• Flat area nearby to use as a landing site
Perfect sites are difficult to find. What may seem to be a perfect location during
the day may be all wrong at night. We've had this happen numerous times on
RMIT missions. One night in Mexico in 1994, we drove to three sites before
finding one that was suitable that night. When you find a site that has
possibilities, it is important that you visit it both during the day and at night
before deciding upon it. Only at night can you assess to what degree nearby
lights affect the site. Houses, roads or security lights may seriously interfere
with your view of the night sky. Locations may undergo changes over time that
require finding an alternate site. It is always a good idea to have one or two
back-up areas to explore if your primary site is intruded upon by traffic, visitors,
construction, or other changes.
Some people feel that the top of the highest hill in the vicinity will be the best
field site. This is not always the case. A hilltop can be too exposed to passers-
by. Although it may afford you an excellent view, it is not always conducive to
close-range approaches by spacecraft. Historically, our closest encounters
have been in areas that are somewhat protected and less vulnerable to casual
observance.
Everyone in the working group is to keep the location of the site confidential.
You do not want your field work to become a "y'all come" situation where
71

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
people can drop by at will. We come to the field site to conduct serious
research, not for a party. Hoaxers have been known to play tricks on field
teams if the security of a site is breached. This is one reason we have a team
member assigned to site security. Should anyone approach the group, either by
happenstance or deliberately, there is someone in the group designated to deal
with it. If an explanation as to what your group is doing is in order, it works quite
well to state that you are an amateur astronomy group, using powerful lights to
point out celestial bodies. Once you have conversed with a visitor and feel they
are amenable to your presence, you may wish to tell them that you are looking
for spacecraft. You may learn about past events that have occurred in the
vicinity.
Private land used with the owner's knowledge and permission is always the first
choice. However, if someone offers their land for your use who is not a member
of the team, you will want to educate them into the premise of our research. Let
them know that this is a dedicated team doing scientific research and
discourage them from inviting their friends over to hang out and see what
happens. Explain the need for having privacy at the actual site and ask that any
visitors keep out of the range of the group's sight and sound.
Some problems with what may seem at first appearance to be an ideal site
include the following:
• A cow pasture may be filled with fresh cow pies, which you can see,
and cow urine, which you can't see but will be very unpleasant and
probably ruin some of your field gear.
• Barns and outbuildings, as well as wooded areas, may obscure much
of the horizon. It may be difficult to obtain a wide-sky view.
• You may find that headlights from cars passing by on even remote
country roads shine directly onto the group.
• There may not be any open area to designate as the landing site. If
everything else about the site is great, use the site anyway. In your
CTS, mentally show the ETs the site and let them know that they may
need to hover rather than actually land on the ground.
• The person may offer a deck to use which may afford a limited view.
(However, decks can be very helpful for winter field work when
warming up time is necessary fairly often.)
If anyone in your group has a motor home or camper, it can be used for your
warm-up spot as well as the safe area. More remote sites can be used if you
have a vehicle with you that allows for heated shelter from the elements.
Other Site Considerations:
Plan ahead to have a low impact on your chosen site. Carpool. When you leave
for the night, scan the area with a powerful light to find all personal belongings
72

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2632, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and trash. My Denver group and I always spend some time sprucing up a new
site when we arrive. We pick up all the litter and cigarette butts. It is an exercise
that sets the tone for the work as meaningful, and for the application of higher
consciousness. We often do some blessings or Native American ceremonies to
prepare the site and ourselves, to give honor to the Earth, the elements and the
directions for the work we are about to do. When we come across ancient sacred
sites, we do healing ceremonies to reconsecrate the area. Cleansing each other
and the site (smudging) with sage, cedar, or sweetgrass, or offerings of corn
meal or tobacco to the cardinal directions, the Earth and Sky, are all appropriate
prior to field work. Notice any wildlife in the vicinity. You may wish to
acknowledge the trees, animals and birds; ask their assistance with your work.
Field gear:
Elsewhere in this manual you will find a list of suggested field gear. Some
amplification of specific points follows here.
Clothing: Unless you are accustomed to spending a lot of time outside, it will
likely take some time for you to accumulate what you want and need to stay
comfortable in the field. Many items will go through a trial and error period. You
don't want to take what you don't use; you don't want to leave behind something
that would make you a lot more comfortable. The climate in your area will dictate
some of your gear. If you live at a high altitude, you will soon find out that even
on hot days, it will get quite cool at night. If you live in a rainy or humid climate,
you'll need everything to be waterproofed. You'll need to plan for dealing with
mosquitoes or other insects.
There are a few inexpensive items that will make you comfortable right off the
bat:
• Ground cover: A tarp and a blanket or camping pad will be worth the
weight. Ideally, a blanket should be wool to afford some moisture
protection. Many synthetics will soak up water, becoming heavy and
useless. Even a small slab of styrofoam to sit on will protect you from
cold and damp earth.
• Camp chair: A low-slung beach chair is a good choice for 'sky-
watching'. The high back offers support for your head and neck, which
can get worn out in a hurry trom looking up. It you're going to do some
overnight camping, a tolding aluminum and plastic lawn chaise lounge
is an excellent choice. For those who would rather stay out under the
stars than sleep in a tent, try a sleeping bag on the chaise lounge. It
protects you from the ground and makes a fair bed. A camping cot
works but the back usually can't be tilted for when you want to sit up
and sky watch.

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2229, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Rain poncho: It needn't be expensive, a plastic one will do. Choose
one that is long enough to cover you to below your knees so that it is
long enough to sit on and still cover you. With a serape or wool blanket
or poncho underneath, you can stay warm and dry in nearly any
weather.
• Long underwear: Silk is an excellent choice for its extreme lightness v.
warmth ratio and lack of bulk. Polartek or polar fleece will keep you the
warmest. Thermals are fine as long as you wear enough layers.
• Head gear: A stocking cap, ear muffs, and a rain hat are all good
choices to have with you. A bandanna and/or muffler or scarf for your
neck will come in handy.
• Foot gear: Lightweight yet warm shoes will be your most versatile
choice. One simple and easy way to keep your feet warmer and dry is
to put plastic bags on over your socks before putting on your shoes.
Clear plastic produce bags from the grocery store work very well.
• Don't forget a pair of gloves.
Mosquitoes:
A simple and effective deterrent for mosquitoes is Skin-So-Soft bath oil, available
through Avon. It can be ordered in a small spray bottle that is perfect for packing.
It is totally non-toxic and can be used for an amazing variety of applications. Ask
an Avon representative for a list of uses. In extreme conditions, you might want
to consider a mosquito net for your head.
Equipment:
LASERS: Every group needs to have at least one green laser. Lasers are
available to order on the Internet. We suggest at least 50 or 100 milliwatts in
power. Please note that lasers over a certain power range (this keeps changing)
must be registered and a log filed with the FCC prior to outdoor use.
RED LED LIGHTS: Each working group member should use a red LED light out
in the field and minimize the use of flashlights due to the effect on eyesight night
vision and night vision equipment. One good place to buy these is:
http://microlightguy.com/
STROBE LIGHTS: Ideally, if there is a landing site available, each team should
have three strobe lights which can be set out in a triangular pattern to indicate a
designated landing site if a craft appears to be approaching the team. Battery-
operated strobe lights (preferable) are obtainable at Radio Shack or
74

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2472, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Amazon.com for about $20 each. Small round disposable strobes with much less
range are available through sporting goods catalogs or web sites.
VISION AIDS:
Binoculars are indispensable. Ideally, each team member should have a pair.
Any kind of binocular would be useful, but especially those that have image
stabilizer capability. These compensate for any shaking or movement.
Night-vision binoculars or scopes are very useful. It is astonishing how much
more can be seen utilizing a night scope. They do need some "babysitting". Care
must be taken to never point them at a bright light source, and they tend to go
through batteries fairly quickly. Keep extras on hand. Russian military aftermarket
models are available for around $400-$500 that amplify starlight 30,000 times.
Other models are available, too. Check sporting goods catalogs. We recommend
Generation 3 or higher, but these can cost a lot more.
RADAR DETECTOR:
A battery powered radar detector is a very helpful piece of equipment. When left
engaged, if it goes off when there is nothing around that would normally trigger it,
look alert! We have had a radar detector go off in extremely remote areas. It is
our sense that it is picking up electromagnetic disturbances, possibly caused by
the near presence of an extraterrestrial spaceship or beings. Radar detectors
are currently available at Amazon.com, Radio Shack, and other locations and are
easily found via internet searches. The Escort Solo S2 Cordless Radar and Laser
Detector is the model that has been doing the Orion Transmissions starting in
2007 and continued through 2010, but is more expensive than some Whistler
and Cobra models that also work well in the field. Recommended Whistler radar
detector models: XTR-195 and higher battery powered.
CD PLAYER:
A portable boom box or CD player is needed in order for the team to play the
CSETI tones. These are anomalous tones from several sources, recorded within
crop circles in England as well as during some CSETI expeditions. The tones are
used as a signature or calling card. If whoever made these tones can hear us
playing them, they will recognize them. In addition, each member should have
their own microcassette or digital recorder.
WALKIE-TALKIES:
Walkie-talkies or radio transceivers are useful for two reasons: 1) keeping in
touch with team members who go on scouting missions out of visual and hearing
range; and 2) to project the tones out over the airwaves. Walkie-talkies eat
75

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2122, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
batteries for lunch. Keep extras on hand. While more expensive, radio
transceivers have better range and clarity, and generally cause fewer problems
to use than walkie-talkies. Both are obtainable through Radio Shack,
Amazon.com, and other places on the intenet. Prices vary, but are less than
$100, usually less than $50.
MAPS:
Once you have determined that a site is going to be used regularly for field work
or overnight campouts, you'll find it helpful to obtain a topographical map of the
area. These can be obtained from REI stores or from the U.S. geological Survey
or Forest Service office. A topo map will help identify roadways in the distance
that could account for lights you see moving along the horizon, especially it a
mountain or hill ridge is in the distance. You can also get good topographical
information on Google Earth.
SATELLITE TABLES - Predictions of when satellites may be visible in the field
site location are available at www.heavens-above.com. Print these tables and
bring with you to the field site, or bring a device that can access this information
remotely. That way, you can check when an object is observed to see if it is in
the predictions. Note that not all satellites are listed in this datebase because
some satellites are classified or not bright enough to be seen by the naked eye.
Sometimes satellites can be visible through binoculars that will not be on these
predictions because they are too dim.
Other equipment might include a cellular phone, an audio amplifier and digital
information, source and price on the web site or email list so that other groups
may take advantage of a good buy.
SECTION TWO - REALTIME RESEARCH: CSETI FIELD WORK
This section will cover some of the fundamentals of team dynamics as well as the
purposes of field work, including subtle aspects that might be overlooked.
Prior to Leaving for Field Work:
Begin to prepare yourself mentally for the work of contact. Reach out in
consciousness and extend a message that the team will be out doing field work
tonight and invite ETI to visit if they have the time and if it is safe for them to do
SO.
76

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2607, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Leave yourself time for a meal and a shower, if possible. Gather your gear and
clothing to be layered on, as it gets cooler. Plan to take along some snacks
vater, and maybe a thermos of something warm. If the weather takes a sudder
turn for the worse, telephone your coordinator to see if your plans have changed.
Getting to the Site:
Punctuality should be stressed to all team members straightaway. Allow no more
than 5-10 minutes for latecomers to arrive at the designated meeting place,
unless the coordinator has been notified of a special circumstance and knows to
wait for a member.
It is suggested that a neutral site be chosen for the team to meet. A public
parking area such as a shopping mall, 24-hour grocery store, or other spot where
cars will be relatively safe and undisturbed is best. By meeting at a neutral site,
members can carpool to the site, lessening the impact on the site itself.
If possible, it is always preferable to get to the site while there is still some
daylight. Take a good look around to familiarize yourself with the land features,
what animals are about, assess the weather and see if there are clouds on any
horizon, if there is any road construction activity, or other changes since the last
visit to the site. It is easier to get field gear out of the cars and set it up if there is
still some available light.
Preparing the Site and Preparing the Team:
Pick up any litter at the site. The coordinator should designate the safe area and
inform all team members that they should feel free to go to the safe place should
they experience fear and misgivings about events that unfold. The coordinator
should point out the landing site.
The Buddy System:
Each team member should group with one or two other members to act as
buddies. Any time a team member departs from the field group circle, to go to the
"bathroom", get a snack, walk around or whatever, be sure to inform your buddy
that you are leaving, where you are going and when you should be expected
back. If a team member experiences emotional reactions that lead the team
member or coordinator to think the member should go to the safe area, that
member's buddy will accompany the member and stay with them the entire time
they wish to be in the safe area, even if it is for the remainder of the evening.
As everyone is settling in with their gear, someone may wish to do a Native
American ceremony honoring the directions, or smudging each team member
with sage/cedar smoke. Someone may wish to do some soft drumming or
chanting. If you have a chime, or a Tibetan bell or bowl, allow it to sing and set a
77

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2596, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
vibratory tone for the work to be done. The team may wish to stand and join
hands for a few moments of silence.
The team should group itself in a circle. Each of the four directions as well as the
zenith of the sky should be watched. Members can volunteer for a particular
direction. As the team settles in, allow the visiting and chit-chat to run its course.
By the time the first CTS is undertaken, the team should have assumed a silent
and watchful attitude.
The Field Work:
Boarding Party: Positions on the boarding party are to be predetermined. The
coordinator is normally Boarding Party Member No. 1. The assistant will be No.
2, and so on. The site security person and the documentation person are the last
ones to number off. Make a log into a microcassette recorder of each member's
name, and the name and telephone number of a person to contact should there
be a boarding. Let the site security and documentation member know where your
car keys are, if applicable.
Remember to be aware with all your senses. Everything that happens may not
come from high in the sky. Watch your environment for signs of subtle changes
in energy, for an animal that appears, for unexplained sounds that may move
around the group, for changes in temperature and wind direction. Share openly
with each other what you perceive going on around the team, or with you
individually.
Each member should have an expectant and welcoming frame of mind. Put aside
the cares of your everyday life and move into expanded awareness. Practice
keeping a conscious connection with the universe while you are going about your
tasks.
It is important to let go of a strong desire for results. It is always exciting to see a
light that behaves in an intelligent manner, or a craft in the sky. But the process is
the key element to CSETI field work. We are preparing ourselves to
communicate with extraterrestrials and allowing ourselves to be observed. The
preparatory work being done by field teams may be far more important than we
think. By going into the tield on a regular basis, by showing our intent, obviously
showing we have no drugs nor weapons and are not acting aggressively, our
motives will become known to those from other worlds who may be observing.
Never feel that your field work is in vain - even if nothing is seen in the sky after
time. Every member of every team makes an impact every time that field work is
done. Sometimes the subtle efforts produce the strongest results.
Please note that to our knowledge, no SETI member has ever reported an
"abduction" in connection with doing the field work.
78

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2239, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The CSETI Contact Trilogy: TONES - LIGHTS - THOUGHT
Tones:
Play the recording of the crop circle or ET spacecratt tones on your portable
boom-box. Use your walkie-talkie or radio transceiver to broadcast the tones ou
nto space. This can be done for a brief period of time, repeated later if desired
Do this when you first arrive at a field site, during breaks, and other times during
Lights:
Use green lasers for signaling the location of the team (all team members should
coordinate this together and not have everyone doing something different). Paint
a pattern in the sky such as a triangle, infinity sign, circle. Use the lasers to signal
at something that appears not to be conventional aircraft. Use any coherent,
simple signal but avoid using the Morse code signal for S-O-S, which is dot-dot-
dot, dash-dash-dash, dot-dot-dot. If you receive a return signal, keep signaling to
the craft. Motion with your laser to the area you have designated as your landing
spot. If a craft begins to approach the team, have a predesignated member or
two set out the landing strobes. Such members should take care as the landing
site may be down at the foot of the hill you are standing on. Take the time to get
a flashlight. Keep safety in mind. A fall, a strained or broken ankle is to be
avoided.
Thought:
The CSETI Coherent Thought Sequencing (CTS) protocol is a proven, effective
method of connecting with ETI. Before the CTS is actually begun, the team
should spend some time in silence and meditation in order to reach a state of
unbounded mind and expanded awareness. Then the CTS is done. It may be led
verbally by the coordinator or another team member, or may be done silently. It is
usually helpful for most team members, especially when the team is new, to do
the first CTS of the night in a verbally guided fashion. Whenever the energy of
the team or the purpose of the field work seems to drift or disintegrate during the
course of the night's work, regroup and do another session of CTS. You may
wish to ask for a volunteer to continue to watch the sky during the CTS. The sky
watcher should take care to keep movement minimal and keep as quiet as
possible during the team's CTS. If someone gets a strong feeling to open their
79

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2285, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
eyes during the mediation, Following the CTS, team members are encouraged to
share their impressions with the rest of the team.
Other techniques may be added to the Contact Trilogy to further enhance the
concentration and cohesion of the team as desired by the members, such as
using the Hidden Truth Guided Meditation CD or a member of the group leading
the meditation. Be open to suggestions while keeping the seriousness of the
work in mind
Ending the Field Work:
When everyone has turned into a popsicle or fallen asleep, or if the weather gets
severe, the team may decide to end the field session. Spend a bit of time
debriefing. Each team member should be encouraged to share what they
experienced during the course of the evening. The team may again stand in a
circle with hands joined and say a spoken or silent blessing or prayer. Be sure to
scan the site with a light after everyone has packed up to ensure that all personal
belongings and trash have been picked up.
If your site is remote, caravan out so that no one gets lost. Regardless of where
your site Is, remain aware of your team members. Wait to see that the cars start
and the lights come on. Make sure no one is stranded or in difficulty with a flat
tire or disabled vehicle. Don't just drive off unaware. Courtesy is universal but
begins right here.
SECTION THREE - OTHER CONSIDERATIONS
Pre- and Post-Field Work Awareness:
You may find that there is an increase in dreams and/or anomalous events once
you begin participating in the work of inviting contact. Team members are
encouraged to share with one another, both at field work events and between
field work. Your contact with your team members does not end once you drive
away from the field site. The more you work together, the more likely you are to
experience shared dreams or experiences of ET contact. Insight and
understanding of the events are heightened by telling others who were present in
your dream or experience and obtaining their feedback. Let your group
coordinator know of any significant events or dreams.
The work of observing the sky and reaching out for contact will make you more
aware of the sky above. And by looking, you may just see more in the way of
unidentified flying objects. Learn to be a good reporter. Make note of the
80

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 2857, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pertinent facts. Pass the information along to the group coordinator, or the
person in the group designated to keep track of events and sightings.
You may find your dreams especially active on the nights before and after a field
event. As we are more approachable and less subconsciously defensive during
the sleep state, contact can take place more easily. You may wish to read about
and practice the art of lucid dreaming so that you can become an aware
participant in the dream state. You can then communicate the intent and effort oi
your working group team, inviting and encouraging ETI to approach you when
you are in the field with your teammates.
The most effective tool that each team member possesses to enhance the
chances of contact is to continue with a regular meditation practice. Our commor
ground with extraterrestrial intelligence is the consciousness we share. It is our
link. By regularly going into a state of heightened awareness and unbounded
mina, our intent for communication will be known and will be answered. Be
patient and persistent. All we can really do is work on ourselves. The rest will
follow.
Documentation:
The coordinator (or other designated team member) should transcribe the
microcassette tapes or digital recordings of field work and keep the reports. You
will be surprised how much detail is lost within minutes after an event. In addition,
there could be recordings of anomalous sounds that may have been heard by
some of the group members. Transcribing the recording of the real-time dictation
brings back the particulars. How often "satellites" or "shooting stars" are seen can
be tracked. Times of appearances can be noted so that you can see if an object
that traverses the sky at the same time each night you are out is most likely a
satellite. It is helpful to have a list of satellite times and direction of travel. The
best place to find this information is at http://www.heavens-above.com and bring
printouts of the satellite prediction tables with you to the field site so you can
check it when the object is observed to see if it is in the predictions. Note that not
all satellites are listed in this datebase because some satellites are classified or
not bright enough to be seen by the naked eye.
Unidentified Flying Objects - Assume Nothing
When an object streaks across the sky at great speed, you will only have a few
seconds to determine it it is a conventional aircratt, a satellite, or something else.
Do not automatically assume that an airborne object is an airplane, satellite, or
shooting star. Spacecraft that enter the Earth's atmosphere and approach close
enough to be observed are taking a risk to do so. We all know the stories of
spacecraft that have been shot down or have crashed. Be aware that
extraterrestrial people are risking sacrifice to come close enough to interact with
81

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3268, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
you. They often mask their craft as something more conventional looking in order
to avoid attracting a lot of attention, either visually or on radar. Rather than calling
an airborne object an alleged UFO, we prefer to call it an alleged aircraft, satellite
or shooting star. Send thoughts to it the instant it is seen and ask it to do
something to indicate it is not an airplane. If it continues to exhibit characteristics
not consistent with conventional aircraft, signal to it with the lights, observe it with
binoculars, and focus attention on it. Many times it will turn out to be something
terrestrial, but many times it will turn out to be something unknown as well.
Continue vectoring the object with thoughts and light until it either a) disappears;
b) displays definite signs of being conventional; or c) signals back. If it signals
back, the entire team should be focused in thought on the object and invite it to
come closer and to interact in any way that is safe for it to do so. Project thoughts
of welcome, safety, integrity of intent, and kindness. If it appears to head in the
direction of the team, set out the strobe lights. The coordinator or documentation
person should be dictating into the microcassette continuously as the event
unfolds. Remember to scan other portions of the sky rather than every eye being
locked onto the object. There may be another craft approaching from behind or
from beyond the range of your peripheral vision. Follow your coordinator's
guidance and instructions if a close encounter occurs.
The Team Concept:
Giving up individual ideas and agendas and working as a unit while in the field is
the most difficult concept for most team members to grasp. It will take work for
the team to unity and work as a whole. It takes time to lay aside excessive chit-
chat and nonrelated conversation and focus on the field work. It will help if you
approach the work as a scientific lab experiment using the concept of conscious
communication to vector in and contact extraterrestrials. Each part forms the
whole, and it is the work of the whole that is important here. We are asking for
wide-awake, multiply witnessed encounters. That takes concentration. To remain
in a state of expanded awareness takes practice. All of the protocols are works in
progress. Work with them and amend them to fit what works best for your team.
The Goal of the Work:
Remember that the CSETI initiative concerns contact with extraterrestrial
peoples from other planets. We are not trying to contact astral beings, departed
loved ones, fairies, angels or other ultradimensional realities. Some of these
nonphysical entities may indeed seem to approach while you are doing field
work. If you so desire, honor their presence and offer a blessing for them while
continuing to focus your attention on interaction with physical, intelligent,
conscious beings from other worlds. This is not to suggest that you will not
receive communication from actual ETI in nonphysical forms. That is the form in
which they are most likely to begin to make closer contact. It is safer and less
threatening for them; easier to accept and handle coherently at first for you. As in
any good relationship, our interaction with ETI is growing slowly. It is about trust,
82

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1230, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
honesty, honoring each other, allowance and acceptance. Our intentions are
being examined and we are showing that we are trustworthy and will protect the
ETs from harm and exploitation to the full extent we are able. If you were to look
upon this planet from afar and judge it by what is presented in the newscasts, in
the media, in the cities, in lands where lack of food, shelter and medical care are
a daily reality, you would not at first glance suppose that there are many sane,
rational, nonviolent, nonhostile, caring human beings upon this planet. Our
purpose is to show extraterrestrials that there are indeed people willing, able and
trained to act as diplomatic liaisons between our civilizations. By our actions, we
show that we have no desire or intention to capture them, their craft, their
technology or their minds. We want only to share as one group of conscious
beings to another. We only want to do what we can to insure the continuation of
this planet, to promote peace and well-being for all.
The CSETI motto, One Universe - One People, is our personal anthem as well.
As we live that concept, we shall attract beings of like mind.
The best of all worlds to you as you participate in this work. Thank you.
83

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 3, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2386, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE CSETI WORKING GROUP HANDBOOK
SPRING 1995
PURPOSE:
The purpose of the CSETI Working Group Handbook is to provide a brief
reference manual for CE-5 Initiative Working Group members and coordinators.
This handbook contains CSETI policies and procedures approved by the CSETI
International Director and members of the Executive Council. It is intended that
this Handbook will be a helpful tool for facilitating your research endeavors and
for clarifying CSETI policies. At the back of the manual there is an appendix for
equipment relative to the CSETI CE-5 Initiative. Elsewhere in the CSETI Training
Kit you will find a list of suggested resources for various pieces of equipment and
gear.
WELCOME TO THE CSETI CE-5 WORKING GROUP!
The CE-5 Initiative Working Group is a dedicated group of people committed to
engaging in Close Encounters of the Fifth Kina, and turthering a peacetul ano
mutually beneficial relationship between humans and ETI. This research project
is unlike any other research approach in the world, and involves a higher than
average degree of integrity, vision and dedication. A CE-5 Initiative Working
Group's function and requisite qualities cross numerous areas: science,
philosophy, 'transluminal' technologies, consciousness, interplanetary diplomat,
sociology, communications, and more. A Working Group is no mere sky watching
collective, but a dynamic collection of people who have set before them the
remarkable goal of initiating an interactive relationship with any and all
extraterrestrial peoples visiting the Earth. These goals require freedom from
prejudice, open-mindedness and fortitude.
Certainly not all UsE I members, and not all of the public at large are suitea tor
Working Group participation: Such endeavors are not for the faint of heart or the
casual observer of the UFO scene. Being a Working Group member requires
long hours outside at night, perseverance, discipline, and a special amalgam of
practicality and visionary planning. Yet for those possessing such qualities and
dedication, this work is exciting, fulfilling, and filled with meaning. Indeed, to be a
Working Group member is to aspire to become an Ambassador to the Universe.
I. Requirements for membership in the CE-5 Initiative Working Group:
Membership in CSETI is strongly encouraged, but not required.
B. Attendance at a minimum of 50% of the Working Group sessions.
85

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1571, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C.
Adherence to the Working Group's CSETI-based policies and
procedures
D. Maintenance of an unprejudiced and non-hostile view of ETI,
including all extraterrestrial groups visiting the Earth.
E.
Most importantly, a willingness to give of one's time, energy and
resources in a professional, cooperative, and dedicated manner.
II. Purpose and scope of activities of the Working Group:
A.
To develop a peaceful, interactive relationship with ETI/UFOs which
can be objectively and scientifically verified and which is mutually
beneficial to both extraterrestrial civilizations and human society.
B. To engage in CE-5 Initiative protocols in both UFO wave and non-
wave areas. To function as local RMITs when activity surfaces in
your area.
C. To test and develop new protocols for ETI interaction.
D. To advance and develop training and practices for new and existing
Working Group members.
E. To document by audio, visual and/or written means all CE-5 events,
and to keep a log of all Working Group activities.
IlI. Composition and area of research for Working Groups:
A.
A minimum of 3 Working Group members should be present at all
Working Group sessions.
Each Working Group has a specific geographic area of research;
activities outside that area should first be coordinated with SETI's
Working Groups Coordinator so that conflicts and duplication of
It is suggested that each Working Group have the following
specialized positions:
Coordinator - to facilitate group activities
Assistant Coordinator
Documentation Specialist - who records all activities and
findings
86

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1891, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5.
Equipment Specialist - to secure, maintain and mobilize all
needed equipment
Security Specialist - to maintain the integrity of the site
6.
Other positions to be determined by the coordinator
IV. Working Group suggestions and requirements:
A.
It is suggested that each new Working Group meet 2-4 times the
first month and at least once a month thereafter.
B.
It is often more effective to meet several nights in a row for field
work rather than just occasionally. In areas of ongoing UFO activity,
field work should occur nightly, or as often as possible, perhaps
with rotating team members. A regular field site may facilitate ETI
interactions. See other material in the Training Kit regarding sites.
No offensive or defensive weapons are permitted at any meeting or
session. People should leave large pocket knives at home or in the
car.
D. The location of all CE-5 active research sites is confidential and
must not be discussed outside the Working Group.
It is important to remember that Working Groups must be flexible
and respond to interactions which indicate a change in venue by
taking timely and appropriate action.
F. Once a site has confirmed CE-5 activity, CSETI should be notified.
G. CSETI, its director, executive council, coordinators and any and all
associated persons assume no responsibility or liability for injuries,
distress or other negative outcomes resulting from meetings,
research activities, travel or any other activity undertaken by
CSETI, and all Working Group members agree to hold harmless
the above named in the event of any outcome. A liability release
indicating this must be signed by each and every Working Group
participant prior to any research activities. A release form is
included at the end of this manual.
Working Groups consist of volunteers and equipment needs, travel
and administration costs are the responsibility of each Working
Group.

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1624, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V. Removal from a Working Group:
A. Attending fewer than 50% of Working Group sessions.
B. Non-adherence to CSETI-based Working Group policies,
procedures, guidelines and/or ethics.
C. Possession of weaponry of any sort at a Working Group function.
D. Breach of confidentiality or documentation security.
E. Consumption or use of alcohol or drugs during any field work
session.
Exhibiting prejudicial, negative or hostile views towards any ETI
group visiting the planet. This violates the CSETI principles of
alplomacy, neutrality and objectivity essential to our purpose and
function.
G.
Disrupting or impeding the goals and functions of CSETI and the
Working Group.
VIl. Documentation, Data and Security Considerations:
A.
Documentation:
1. Real-time documentation should be done using tape recorders for
verbal narration and the recording of sounds. Video and still
cameras may be used for visuals.
2. Judgment must be used when employing video or still cameras,
since ETI may not want such events to be recorded. Indeed, it is
possible that the presence of such recording devices may limit,
terminate or thwart CE-5 events. In every case, the development of
a successful CE-5 interaction takes precedence over the recording
of the event. At no time should a CE-5 event be limited due to the
desire to electronically record the event. Sensitivity and good
judgment are required in order for maximum interaction and optimal
documentation to occur.
3. Any significant, close range CE-5 event should receive the
maximum documentation practical, and the CSETI director should
be notified of such developments immediately.
88

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1958, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
B.
Data and Security Considerations:
1. All documents of CE-5 events are not to be disclosed outside of the
Working Group or CSETI headquarters, including to the public, the
media, the government, etc. without specific prior clearance from
the CSETI director.
2. Confidentiality and security must be maintained at all times so that
proper analysis and follow-up may be arranged prior to disclosure,
and so that future CE-5 events will not be jeopardized. The Working
Group coordinator should immediately contact the CSETI director
for further discussion, directions and decisions regarding the
copying, transfer, securing and release of any documentation or
artifacts.
VIll. Duties and Responsibilities of the Working Group Coordinator
• To convene and organize the local Working Group.
• To provide leadership, cohesion and direction to the Working Group while
facilitating a consultative environment.
• To engage all members of the Working Group in a spirit of collaboration,
collegiality and consultation, optimizing the special characteristics and
skills of each member so that maximum effectiveness for the Working
Group is achieved.
• To coordinate on-site field work activities, and to delegate tasks as
needed to accomplish the goals and purposes of the Working Group.
• To see that the policies, procedures and protocols of the CSETI-based
Working Group are followed.
• To encourage Working Group members to become members of CSETI in
order to participate in CSET's continuing education and training programs
so that the Working Group may fully develop.
• To work carefully with the public and media, ensuring that confidentiality is
maintained where needed, but providing credible public education
regarding ETI.
• To ensure CE-5 field site safety and security.
• To accurately assess the Working Group members' abilities and skills, as
well as limitations, to see that the various group positions are performed
by the best qualified person(s).
89

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1498, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• To take, or assign, leadership control and guidance of the Working Group
during an emergency, and during CE-5 interactions with ETI.
• To provide for the smooth transition of coordinator responsibilities in the
event of your absence, incapacitation, or resignation.
• To notify CSETI in a timely fashion when help or guidance is required.
• To assiduously seek out and document research approaches, protocol
augmentation and other advances which serve to further the goals of the
CE-5 Initiative and which result in greater ETI communications and
interactions.
• To secure all documentation, evidence and extraterrestrial artifacts, and to
convey them to the CSETI director immediately through secure personal
channels.
• To notify CSETI immediately of any debunking or disinformation efforts
aimed at disrupting or discrediting in any way the SETI projects.
• To notify CSETI immediately when events occur which suggest the need
for Rapid Mobilization Investigative Team (RMIT) activation to your local
area or to some other area about which you are aware. Such events
would include: 1) a crescendo of ETS activity over a relatively brief period
of time; 2) high level CE-5 events which seem likely to recur; 3) a landing
or other event warranting activation; 4) the knowledge of a crashed or
disabled space craft, with or without occupants, requiring CSETI
intervention, diplomatic liaison with officials, etc.
• To preserve and promote the overall spirit and purpose of the CSETI
projects.
90

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1907, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EVOLUTIONARY PROFILE OF THE CSETI
CE-5 INITIATIVE WORKING GROUP
As working groups mature and become more professional and competent, they
pass through several natural levels of potential and activity. Below is a brief
overview of these levels and their corresponding tasks and activities. This is only
a general schemata and there is certainly potential for overlap, etc.:
LEVEL!
Young, formative WG, meets irregularly with membership in some degree of flux;
some dysfunctional group dynamics; capable of basic protocol implementation;
limited ETI interactions (i.e., signaling at ETS greater than one mile away)
Documentation partial and irregular. Primary vectoring minimal or nonexistent;
remote viewing minimal. Level ofv CE-5: | or low-grade I|
LEVEL II
Young but stable WG with regular research activities and solid basic competence
at CTS, light work and regular documentation. Competent to effectively vector
ETS into less than one mile with definite interactions. Early remote viewing
capabilities among some WG members; early primary vectoring capability. Level
of CE-5: High grade I|
LEVEL III
Mature, fully functional WG capable of high group integrity/stability; primary
vectoring capabilities strong, good Psi/remote viewing abilities. Documentation is
consistent and thorough. Competent to vector a landing on site with
communications with extraterrestrial biological beings. Growing ability to educate
public in local area concerning ETI. Level of CE-5: III.
LEVEL IV
As IIII above; additionally, WG is able to develop level of trust to facilitate
boarding of CSETI boarding party members onto ET spacecraft, with subsequent
interactive communication as per suggested protocols. Group is capable of
education of public and interaction with local media, law enforcement and
government figures with guidance and assistance from SETI headquarters.
Level of CE-5: IV
(continued on next page)
91

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 367, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LEVEL V
As in III and IV above. Also has developed competence for boarding and
conscious off-planet interlude of unknown duration; is fully competent to educate
and guide local residents in the event of a sudden, large-scale overflight and/or
landing in their area, especially during time of emergency, such as nuclear or
environmental disaster. Level of CE-5: V.
92

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 1256, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX
CSETI Working Group Recommended Equipment
1. Red LED Lights for seeing in the dark without affecting eyes or
night vision equipment.
2. Green laser pointers, with at least 50 or 100 milliwatts of power.
These can be found on the internet on Amazon.com and other
locations via a web search. Note: Be careful using lasers and do
not point at people to avoid blindness, and do not point directly
at any aircraft. Improper use of lasers may result in injury
blindness, commercial aircraft error, and resulting criminal
prosecution.
3. Portable audio sound equipment for recording field notes and
for playing the CSETI tones.
4. Still cameras for photographs.
5. Video cameras with appropriate night filming capabilities, if
possible.
6. Cellular telephone(s) for communicating with members when
multiple sites are in use, and for emergencies.
1. Binoculars, telescopes.
8. Night-vision, infrared scopes.
9. Walkie-talkies or radios for two-way communication between
team members, and for broadcasting the CSETI tones out into
space.
10. Radar detectors.
11. Magnetometers or Tri-Field Meters
12. Satellite prediction tables/charts.
Information on sources for various equipment and gear is located
elsewhere in the CSETI Working Group Training Kit.
93

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 3, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
94

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 2015, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROTOCOL EVOLUTION FOR THE
CE-5 INITIATIVE WORKING GROUPS
The following is an overview of the CE-5 Initiative protocols for increasing levels
of contact resulting from Working Group actions and evolution:
Background and Preparation:
The Working Group (WG) and its individual members dedicate all of their actions
to the development of a mutually respectful, peaceful and life-supporting
relationship between humans and all extraterrestrial peoples.
A high level of altruism, self-sacrifice and dedication is required of the WG
members.
This project is a scientific, diplomatic and humanitarian endeavor, and requires a
non-prejudiced view towards any and all extraterrestrial peoples visiting the
Earth. These efforts are expended on behalf of all conscious, intelligent 'people'
throughout the universe.
Unity among the group, ongoing development of freedom from fear and
prejudice, unity of purpose and action, peaceful and altruistic intentions, and the
realization of the oneness of mind and intrinsic unity of all people - these qualities
constitute the foundation of the CE-5 Initiative and are the prerequisites of
success.
The WG Coordinator, in a spirit of consultation and with the goal of consensus,
coordinates the WG and, in the event of confirmed contact, provides cohesion
and leadership for the group. (Refer to the Working Group Handbook for further
details regarding WG membership, policies and Coordinator functions and
relationships.)
All protocols which here follow are performed with the above ideals and
principles incorporated into these protocols.
It is certain that the spirit of the group, its intentions, motivations and unity is the
foundation for contact with ETI and transcends any specific protocols, important
as they may be.
Initiating Contact:
With the above principles in place, and after securing an appropriate CE-5
research site (see other materials in this Training Kit), the WG works toward
initiating contact with ETI/UFOs via the following suggested general procedure.
95

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2695, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Systematic appreciation of non-locality of mind/universal mind as a group
involves the expansion of consciousness of each WG member. This may be
achieved by a skilled and trained person who leads the group in this process. It
involves the simple ability that each human inherently possesses to appreciate
non-bounded mind or unbounded consciousness.
Once non-locality of mind is appreciated and experienced by the group, then the
group leader assists the group in projection of specific Coherent Thought
Sequencing, as described in the training materials. It is crucial that the expanded
state of awareness be maintained during this and all subsequent phases of
protocol implementation and contact, to the extent possible.
It is important that the specific Coherent Thought Sequencing occur within the
pervading spirit of welcome, unity, peace, mutual benefit and cooperation, and
with humility and respect. We regard this contact and interchange as one which
is welcome, and we are inviting these visitors to come and establish an open and
mutual relationship with our people.
At all times, the behavior of the WG and its individual members should reflect a
high level of diplomatic decorum and respect for the nature of the work. Alcohol,
drugs, inappropriate speech, behavior and dress should all be avoided during
field work. At no time and under no circumstances are weapons, or any item
which may be construed as a weapon, allowed at a CE-5 research site or staging
area.
Following the above steps, the group then uses high-powered lights and the
CSETI tones in a systematic and coordinated fashion. It is important for unity and
coherence to prevail and to permeate all these actions. The use of the high-
powered lights should be done in such a manner that, from an aerial perspective,
evidence of intelligent behavior is clearly observable. It may be useful for
prearranged light sequences and/or shapes to be visualized and projected during
the Coherent Thought Sequencing part of the research so that these modalities
may be identifying items for ETI "lock-on" of the WG and CE-5 site.
While engaging in this light and sound work, the WG members should remember
to continue the appreciation of non-locality of mind and Coherent Thought
Sequencing to the extent possible. For most, this will take some practice. It may
be necessary to periodically regroup and again go through the steps of
systematic expansion of consciousness with Coherent Thought Sequencing or
other techniques to quiet and focus the mind, followed by a new episode of light
work and use of the CSETI tones.
Confirmed Contact:
Once a confirmed sighting/contact is made, the following procedures may be
observed:
96

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2349, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One designated person should use the lights to signal to the craft in a sequence
which reflects intelligent contact. For example, one may flash at the craft three
times, then pause and wait for the craft to flash back; 4 times and pause, etc. It is
crucial that there be a coordinated response, and that the group refrain from
random, uncoordinated activity arising from the excitement of the moment.
While the CE-5 light work is progressing, all of the members of the WG should
continue with the mind expansion and Coherent Thought Sequencing, welcoming
the visitors to come closer, to interact with the group and to land if that is safe
and appropriate. Thoughts of unity, welcome, peace and non-hostility should be
projected directly at the spacecraft. The chosen landing site should be visualized
and projected to the occupants of the spacecraft while signaling to this area with
strobe-like sequences of the high-powered lights. If the craft appears to be
coming closer, the designated members should set out the strobe lights at the
designated landing site.
Near Landing / Landing:
Contingency plans must be made for the eventuality of a near landing or landing
of one or more extraterrestrial spacecraft. OF GREATEST IMPORTANCE IS
THE HONEST ASSESSMENT, BY ALL MEMBERS PRESENT, OF THEIR
INDIVIDUAL READINESS FOR THIS EVENT AND ANY POTENTIAL
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS, SUCH AS A BOARDING OF THE CRAFT AND OFF-
PLANET EXPERIENCES.
Should the group decide that it is ready for such an experience, the following
protocols are suggested:
• The equipment person or technical assistant who has been designated in
advance will prepare a landing/hover site by placing portable strobe lights
out in a circular or triangular formation.
• If it is anticipated that a small craft is coming which would not appear to
permit the boarding of all members present, the Coordinator should assist
in identifying the Boarding Party members and preparing them for possible
boarding.
• Once a spacecraft has made a close approach and either hovered or
landed, THE GROUP MUST AVOID APPROACHING THE CRAFT UNTIL
THERE IS A CLEAR INDICATION FROM THE CRAFT THAT IT IS SAFE
TO DO SO. Failure to observe this protocol may result in personal injury,
death, security breach from the extraterrestrials point of view, and/or
termination of the CE-5 event by the extraterrestrials.
97

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2231, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• While the spacecraft is in close proximity, the WG members should
continue to use coherent thought to project a message of welcome,
peace, and further contact. If the group desires that one of the occupants
of the craft emerge, this should be visualized and projected to the craft
specifically. The WG Coordinator should maintain calm, quiet, unity and
coherence among the WG members throughout these proceedings.
Emergence of Extraterrestrial Occupants from the Craft:
• In the event that an occupants) of the craft emerges, the WG should
welcome the individual(s) by thought and non-threatening hand signals,
such as an upturned hand or wave, or by the WG holding hands. The
signal should be prearranged, so that discordant messages are not
conveyed by different people using different signals. Do not shout, move
rapidly or rush the craft or occupants). If the occupants) advances
towards the group, calmness, quiet and self-control must be maintained.
• It is recommended that we not touch the occupant(s) in any way unless it
is clearly indicated that this is acceptable and safe.
• The primary message to convey is one of peace, welcome, dignity,
mutual cooperation and respect.
• Any items offered by the occupants) should be graciously, calmly
accepted by the Coordinator or his/her designated assistant.
• Should the occupants) indicate a desire to join the group, a comfortable,
appropriate place should be arranged to either sit or stand for the
meeting.
Boarding the Spacecraft by Working Group Members:
Should it become evident that the boarding of the spacecraft is mutually desired
(through telepathic communication or obvious signals) the predetermined
Boarding Party members should approach the craft in a careful, dignified
manner, avoiding haste or running.
It is recommended that the Boarding Party have an appropriate item to offer the
occupants of the craft as a gift of respect and friendship. Wisdom must be used
in selecting this item. It is suggested that a natural substance from the Earth be
offered, such as a gemstone or mineral specimen.
In the event that a large craft has approached which would permit a large number
or all of the WG members to board, it is recommended that the documentation
98

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2532, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
person and/or one or more other members stay behind to document and report
this event. Such members should be designated in advance to avoid confusion.
All WG members who board the craft should make arrangements in advance so
that notification with a contact person can be made, in the event of a prolonged
absence. The notification will be made by the WG members) who have
remained behind and will be done with all due diligence, confidentiality and
security. The director of CSETI should be notified immediately.
Any member who had previously planned to be in the Boarding Party, but who
becomes frightened or overwhelmed at the time of contact, must excuse
themselves from the Boarding Party. No member should be made to feel
obligated or compelled to go on board unless personally ready and comfortable
with the decision to go on board. At no times should any criticism be directed at
such a person. (See other materials regarding the Buddy System and the role of
the Buddy during such an occurrence.) At all times we must remain honest with
ourselves and compassionate with each other. Above all, we must avoid
boarding individuals who will panic once on board and who would thus jeopardize
the greater mission.
No one should volunteer to be in the Boarding Party who is not prepared for a
potential absence of undetermined length. Moreover, it is advised that any WG
member present during high-level contacts be prepared for such a possibility.
The family members, significant others, and closest personal friends of each
member must be prepared for this possibility as well.
At all times we must remember that our efforts are on behalf of all humanity here
on Earth, and all peoples on other planets. We must maintain behavior,
demeanor and attitudes diplomatic and ambassador-like in quality. A broad,
universal perspective must be kept in mind at all times.
Meeting Protocols:
Whether a close meeting with the spacecratt occupants occurs on board the cratt
or outside the craft, it is important to have plans which facilitate a meaningful
exchange between the WG members and the extraterrestrial people.
The following protocols are suggested while fully realizing the real conditions
may or may not permit their actualization.
The overriding principles are that we must avoid communications which are: 1)
undignified; 2) subject to misinterpretation as being rude, hostile or threatening;
3) hasty or overly forceful; 4) self-centered and acquisition-oriented; 5) contrary
to the principles of mutual trust and benefit.
99

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1505, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Suggested Statements and Questions: Verbal, Telepathic or Both
Note: Some Working Groups have found it helpful to transfer these suggested
meeting protocols to a 3 × 5" card and carry them in a pocket for ready reference.
1. Welcome. We consider you honored guests. Thank you for this meeting.
2. We desire peace, unity, and mutual cooperation and benefit from our
relationship. (Offer gift if appropriate.)
3. We recognize that from the perspective of conscious intelligence, the
universe is inhabited by one people. We share and celebrate our oneness
with each other and with your people.
4. Is there anything you would like to share with us, any messages or
information for our group?
5. Do you have any questions for us?
6. Is there any way we may help you?
7. May we ask you some questions?
(If yes....)
8. What information and knowledge are you at liberty to share with us at this
time regarding your people and your mission here on Earth?
9. What is your assessment of the Earth and her people?
10. How may we work together in the future? How and when can we contact
you again?
11. What may you share with us regarding the scientific, social and spiritual
needs of the Earth and her people? Is there specific knowledge which is
timely for us to know?
12. May we share this knowledge with our fellow humans at this time? (If not,
when may we share this knowledge?)
13. Are there any other questions which you would like to ask of us?
14. Do you have anything else which you feel we should know?
100

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2387, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15. Do you wish for any of us to remain with you longer, or to meet others with
whom we are working?
16. We hope that we will meet again soon, and invite you to contact us when
you deem it appropriate to do so.
17. Thank you for this meeting and for the knowledge you have shared with
us. We hope we can work together to bring peace and the advancement
of civilization in the universe. May peace and the blessings of Universal
Consciousness be with you.
Notes Regarding the Meeting Protocols:
The communications and questions should be open-ended and courteous, and
should avoid premature probing questions, such as: "where are you from?", and
"how does your propulsion work?" Questions of a technical nature should be
asked as in #11 above.
The Coordinator, in consultation with the WG, should determine in advance who
will be asking the questions and primarily responding to their questions. A
secondary and tertiary Communicator should be assigned in the event the
original Communicator finds it difficult to fulfill this important role.
Random, chaotic and uncoordinated questions and responses must be avoided
at all times. It is critical that internal group discipline and unity be maintained so
that a meaningful exchange may occur.
Wisdom must be used when deciding to ask the visitors if electronic recording of
the meeting is permitted and appropriate. Bringing this issue up prematurely may
appear rude, presumptuous or may cause confusion, particularly if extraterrestrial
visitors must obtain permission from a higher level for such recording to occur.
Intuition and tact are needed to successfully reach the right decision on when
and whether to broach this subject.
It is important to remember that the primary objective of this CE-5 Initiative is the
development of a sustainable, peaceful and mutually beneficial relationship
between humans and all extraterrestrial peoples. The acquisition of specific
information, no matter how useful and fascinating, is a distant secondary purpose
which must not be allowed to interfere with this primary objective. Such
acquisition could lead to possible harm to the extraterrestrials and/or the
humans.
A spirit of unconditional love and acceptance should pervade the proceedings.
This is best attained by the appreciation of universal conscious intelligence which
is the foundation and origin of our individual consciousness.
101

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2150, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the event that any WG member becomes overwhelmed or uncomfortable
during any stage of these proceedings, that member should quietly, discreetly
excuse him/herself from the area. Should the Coordinator observe such
discomfort, she/he may ask this person to leave. At no time should individuals
disrupt the proceedings. It is the Coordinator's responsibility to maintain a
constructive, effective atmosphere in which the meeting may continue to unfold.
At no time should any WG member attempt to surreptitiously acquire any photos,
recordings, videos, artifacts or "souvenirs" from the spacecraft without the clear
permission of our guests.
Physical touching or contact between humans and ETs should proceed only
upon mutual agreement, and should be initiated by our guests, who may be able
to clearly determine if there is any biological risk that would be harmful to them or
US.
Off-Planet Events:
Note: Any CE-5 Initiative session may result in a high-level CE-5 culminating in
the entire WG present being transported on board a spacecraft. Therefore, even
though specific Boarding Party members have been predetermined, all WG
members should be prepared for this possibility.
well:
Should the extraterrestrials indicate that a departure is desired and extend an
invitation to allow Boarding Party members to accompany them, we should ask
them which members may go and, if possible, allow them to select those
members.
If they request that all members depart for an off-planet experience, we should
respectfully request that at least one WG member be allowed to remain behind
for documentation and notification purposes, if possible.
It is appropriate to respectfully enquire as to how long, in Earth time, the
Boarding Party members will be gone. If the answer is nonspecific, or involves a
long period of time, those members uncomfortable with a prolonged absence
should endeavor to politely excuse themselves from departure. In general,
however,
all Boarding Party members should be individuals who are
psychologically, socially and physically prepared for a lengthy absence from
Earth and from children, family, work, close friends, etc.
102

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1961, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In a lengthy meeting or off-planet experience, if we are invited to enquire about or
to share more specific information, the following suggested general order may be
followed:
1. Information concerning extraterrestrial society, philosophy, beliefs/religion/
spirituality, purposes, missions, needs, plans, biology, political structure,
federation/organization among various planets and their historical, current
and future relationships to Earth and humans.
2. Specific information regarding the development of a more extensive and
e mire ass in his prestraterrestrial peoples and humans, and how
3. Specific information concerning how we may assist the Earth in its
transition to world peace, ecological integrity, social and economic justice,
and the attainment of a world civilization capable of long-term survival and
peacetul co-existence among the peoples of Earth and with other
planetary civilizations.
4. Pertinent information regarding collective and personal spiritual
development and transformation.
5. Technical, scientific and medical information which would be appropriate,
useful, timely and non-harmful at the present time. Remember the medical
maxim: "Above all, do no harm."
6. During an extensive meeting / off planet experience, it may be appropriate
to offer a time for silent meditation or prayer together as a group with the
extraterrestrial guests. The WG group may wish to have preselected a
prayer that is non-denominational and represents faith, hope and love
rather than particular religious beliefs.
7. Inquiries regarding future Earth, human and/or ET events should be made
with wisdom.
8. Should we be asked to provide feedback to them regarding extraterrestrial
activities, we should diplomatically welcome them and then offer the
suggestion that
voluntary human/extraterrestrial interactions are
preferable to involuntary ones, to the extent possible. We should be
prepared to offer to assist in these voluntary exchanges.
103

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1684, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A PRIMER FOR WORKING GROUP
COORDINATORS
By Shari Adamiak
Hello: I am going to share with you some of my experiences in leading,
coordinating and training CSETI working groups. I will give you hands-on, real-
world information and suggestions on facilitating your own working group.
First and foremost, an inward look is in order. To effectively form and maintain a
cohesive group calls for particular talents. Some talents are very desirable that
you may not have considered - and some attributes you might think are
necessary are not. A CSETI working group functions a bit differently from other
organizational groups you may have participated in previously. Let's look at some
of the differences:
What a CSETI Working Group Is
Elements that are key:
• Desire to be involved in real-time research and contact
• Having an open mind
• Primary knowing vs. secondary knowing
This includes:
• real learning vs. book learning
• real research vs. armchair research
• as it happens vs. after the fact
• multiple-witnessed events vs. individual experiences
• Cohesiveness, sharing work, caring about teammates
• Positive attitude
• Emotional stability
• A quiet mind, level-headedness, and well-being of body
What a CSETI Working Group Is Not
Let's look at some things that just don't work for CSETI research associates:
• Mere curiosity
Desire for a venue to offer support for "victimization"
• Parlor game mentality
• Wanting the ETs to come to you - to land on the front lawn
• Hostility towards any type of extraterrestrials
"Us and Them" attitude, or racism
• Desire to use the results of the work for self-aggrandizement
• Exclusivity
• Venue for the expression of personal agendas
104

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3175, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The most important element of a CSETI working group is this: We are actively
involved in real-time field research as a TEAM. Many people may be drawn to
be in a CSETI group because they have had their own sightings, experiences
and encounters with what may indeed be extraterrestrial intelligent beings
and their craft. You may need to be on alert for those who expect to find a
support group within which to analyze and perhaps bemoan their experiences
with what may be ETs, but very likely are not. This is one reason why each
person wishing to join a field group is asked to complete a Research
Associate questionnaire. A sample form is enclosed for your use, or to use as
a guide. At a preliminary group meeting, you can emphasize some key points
regarding what the work of a working group is all about:
We have found in our experience that the most difficult idea for people in a
working group to come to terms with is the team concept. Most organizational
groups are convened so that people can brainstorm and come up with
solutions to a problem, or an agenda for a particular issue. People are subtly
encouraged to be better than the next guy, to come up with a more brilliant
game plan. There is an underlying element of competition, cloaked as it may
be in the effort for a common good. Even among sports teams, there is
tremendous competition to be the high-scoring player, to command the most
outrageous salary. All of these mundane team concepts ideally are absent in
a healthy CSETI group. In our work, we endeavor to come together as a unit
to stand on the common ground of a lofty motivation. Our goal is nothing less
than to be ambassadors for the peoples of the Earth and the universe; to
bridge the gap between our civilizations. The CSETI motto: One Universe,
One People is what we are all about.
Participating in a group of this nature often leads those within the group to
undergo their own self-examinations. This can manifest as emotional
purgings, questioning one's inherited belief systems, examining our place on
Earth and in the universe itself. It causes us to look within to see if we think
we are ready for this task. It can ask us to look into the face of our own fears.
For in this work, we strive to be capable, willing and able to function cogently
and to proceed despite any fear that may arise. It can be very helpful in group
meetings to give teammates the opportunity to express fear issues
concerning contact with ETI. By openly sharing and discussing these
concerns, all team members are facilitated in processing inner shadows. You
will want to "read" your teammates to see how much or how little processing
of inner issues should be encouraged, and how quickly. We have found that
those who deny having any fears are often the ones that "decompensate"
when encounters unfold rapidly during field work. When this happens, the
team member may 1) deny the significance of the encounter in order to hang
on to their resident belief systems; 2) attempt to convince others that the work
is either inconsequential or wacko; and/or 3) decide to withdraw from the
working group. Each case must be handled individually. Sometimes the team
105

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 458, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
member will wish to remain involved in a behind-the-scenes kind of way. You
may find it necessary to counter any false or malicious statements to others.
As Deepak Chopra so aptly stated, "Don't defend your point of view." State
your viewpoints succinctly and let your words and actions stand for
themselves. If a real problem arises with an individual following a fear
reaction, please contact us if you would like some input, suggestions and
guidance.
106

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 940, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Research Associate Application
CONFIDENTIAL
Name (print):
Birth Date:
Address:_
City/State/Zip Code:_
Sex (M/F): _
Occupation:
1. Why do you wish to be involved in the CSETI Initiative? What do you
hope or intend to accomplish through CSETI field experience?
2. What is your primary interest in extraterrestrial intelligent beings and
UFOs? Why?
3. What do you feel is true or false about the present motives or intentions
of extraterrestrial intelligence with reference to human beings and planet
Earth?
4. How do you feel about going on board a craft and being off-planet for a
period of time?
5. How do your family/significant others feel about your interest and
involvement with this subject and CSETI?
6. Are you willing and able to participate in CSETI field work as to time
away from family and other pursuits; physical ability to participate in field
work; possible time away from work/school? How do you feel about this?
107

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 826, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7. Please describe your physical, mental and emotional conditions at
present and list any current medications:
8. Do you have any phobias?
Please describe any practices of silence, prayer and/or meditation you
follow:
10. Are you now or have you ever been an employee of any national security
or government agency such as the CIA, FBI, NSA or others? If so, please
state the dates and capacities in which you served.
11. What role do you feel telepathy, remote viewing, precognition, dreams
and other nonphysical experiences or events play in CSETI work? What
experiences or abilities do you have with these?
12. Please list fears or concerns that might make CSETI field work difficult
for you:
13. What specific skills and abilities would you bring to CSETI work?
14. Comments:
Signature:
Date:
One Universe - One People
108

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2114, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GUIDELINES AND POLICIES FOR CSETI
RAPID MOBILIZATION INVESTIGATIVE TEAMS
Note: As of January 2011, no RMITs have been mobilized since March 1997.
The CSETI Rapid Mobilization Investigation Team (RMIT) is a mobile working
group. Its members will have up-to-date information and training, and will have
specific skills which will contribute to the effectiveness of the RMIT. When sent to
a location, they will augment the efforts of the local working group (if any). The
Director will specify the lead team. In many cases this may be the RMIT only.
However, both teams will have roles and responsibilities. The following applies to
RMIT members will be in situations which demand clear and competent thinking
and action. Therefore, an in-depth questionnaire and screening process as well
as a telephone interview with a CSETI official will be necessary as part of the
application process.
When mobilized, the RMIT should maintain high standards of decorum and
integrity. These assignments are for the purpose of investigation and should not
have the demeanor of a social excursion.
All photographs, videos, audio tapes, artifacts or other evidence obtained on a
RMIT belongs to CSETI. Authorization and remuneration agreements must be
secured beforehand; otherwise, such material will be considered unauthorized.
After any mission, each RMIT member is expected to submit a report in order
that the CSETI headquarters have the fullest documentation possible. Further
instructions regarding the report will be given on the mission.
RMIT members are expected to maintain strict confidentiality concerning all
activities and events that occur on site. All contact with the media, the public,
government agencies, law entorcement offices, etc. Will be via an approved
CSETI media spokesperson. The location of the site itself is to be held in the
strictest confidence.
Each team will have a leader and assistant. The mission will be conducted in a
cooperative manner; however, team members will be expected without hesitation
to follow the direction of the team leader in the event an emergency decision is
required.
109

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 1990, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The team structure is as follows (numbers indicate boarding party order):
1. Coordinator - Team leader as assigned by the CSETI Director. The
Coordinator will assign all RMIT working group functions.
Assistant Coordinator - Assumes leadership as required: supports
Coordinator.
3.
Communicator #3 - Assists #1 and #2 with ETI/human communication.
4,5,..
as required.
The following positions are not on the boarding party. They are listed in
order of importance. One person may fill all functions out of necessity.
Documentation Specialist - (and assistant if possible) - Responsible for Earth-
bound operations and documentation during any CE-5 events. Assists the
boarding party documentation of any meeting and/or on-board experience.
Responsible for audio, video and field equipment.
Media Liaison - Works in coordination with the CSETI Director for the release of
information after a CE-5 event. (can be the coordinator)
Site Security - To be on the alert for intruders, including police or military, and will
deal with them as necessary.
Due to the specialized nature of the work, RMIT members may be required to
annually participate in a RMIT function as well as an RMIT training. RMIT
members must be CSETI members.
RMIT members may be expected to travel to a research site on one to three
days' notice. Each RMIT mission may be from two to ten days in length.
RMIT members should be in reasonable physical fitness; i.e., able to hike ten to
twelve miles in a day, and stay up until the wee hours several nights in a row.
If trial as a RMIT member on site does not prove to be mutually beneficial, no
judgment will be applied. However, the member must leave the team if requested
to do so.
Only trained and approved RMIT members will be permitted on site during RMIT
functions.
Anyone visiting the locale of a RMIT function should have advance permission to
join the team. Please do not show up half-way around the world expecting to be
included in an existing research project.
110

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1536, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Personal habits may have to be altered while on RMIT missions. No strong
perfume/after shave, no smoking near a site, no loud voices, no drugs or alcohol,
no offensive or defensive weapons, etc.
Actions evincing motives towards the acquisition of ET technology will not be
permitted and will be grounds for dismissal from the RMIT and working group.
The RMIT is activated at the discretion of the Director of CSETI in consultation
with other members of the SETI Executive Council. RMIT members may not
unilaterally activate the team.
All RMIT members should become proficient in the science of consciousness and
the experience of non-local mind through the regular, conscientious practice of a
meditation process of their choice.
All RMIT members should communicate to CSETI headquarters information
concerning an appropriate RMIT research site as soon as they become aware of
such an opportunity, so that the RMIT may be deployed in a timely fashion.
Any person who is a member of a national governmental intelligence agency or
service (for any government, U.S. or otherwise) is ineligible for RMIT (or working
group membership.
Any concerns, complaints or rumors about CSETI, the RMIT, Dr. Greer or other
CSETI officials should be brought immediately to the attention of SETI
headquarters.
Failure to observe SETI policies and procedures, or failure to function
effectively as a team member may result in removal from the RMIT. Such
removal is at the direction of the Director of SETI, in consultation with other
CSETI officials.
111

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 4, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
112

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1068, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
LIABILITY RELEASE
I affirm that I am of sound mind and body and that 1 am attending this CSETI
Ambassadors to the Universe Training Retreat of my own free will and at my own
risk.
I agree to hold harmless CSETI, Steven M. Greer, M.D., individually and as
founder and director of CSETI, its Research Director, Board of Directors,
Executive Council, Advisory Council, and members in the event that participation
in any event, or the malfunction of any equipment used at any event, leads to any
physical, emotional, psychological or mental injury or harm to me, including my
death or disappearance.
I also agree that CSETI has the right to remove any person from CSETI events
who is found to be disruptive or harmful to the SETI training or mission.
I certify that I am signing this document of my own free will and by so doing
agree to the terms and conditions herein.
Date
Sign Name:
Print Name:
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI) is 501(c)(3) non-
profit corporation in good standing registered in the State of North Carolina.
113

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 4, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
114
