{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:49:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 39794, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18769-disclosure-announcement-for-world-leaders-draft.pdf", "source_sha256": "6359e469262d8818c3d31dee9631bfedd6360f84d6efab1a75da824aa63ab331"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2380, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The following DRAFT speech was written by Dr. Greer when requested by two separate points of contact
to President Trump and President Putin. The two contacts do not know each other but both requests
were made over a few weeks in the Spring of 2018.
Dr. Greer wrote this speech as a DRAFT template that could be adapted by any world leader to announce
that we are not alone in the Universe and have had contact with extraterrestrial civilizations.
You may forward this speech to leaders in your own country, and resend and request that President
Trump and President Putin collaborate on such an announcement in coordination with the UN and other
world leaders in China, the EU and elsewhere.
Thank you!
My fellow Americans/ My fellow Russians/ And all the citizens of earth:
It has come to our attention that Extraterrestrial civilizations of great technological advancement have
been visiting the earth for some time.
While their presence likely dates from very ancient times, the modern era since WW II has seen a large
increase in sightings and interactions with these advanced life forms and their spacecraft.
It must be emphasized that they appear to pose no threat to humanity or earth, but instead are quite
concerned about our own unchecked war -making capabilities and violence, combined with our early
attempts at the exploration of space.
Since the dawn of the nuclear era, these extraterrestrial civilizations have made concerted efforts to do
reconnaissance at all known space and nuclear facilities. In some cases these facilities have been
penetrated by ET craft and our nuclear missiles rendered inoperable. Such incursions appear designed to
warn us not to use these world-destroying nuclear weapons and are not acts of hostility.
They also appear concerned with the rapid decay of our biosphere and environment and the extinction
of many species on earth.
Since World War Il there have been extremely secretive programs studying the energy, communication
and propulsion systems of these ET spacecraft
It is time for us to disclose these momentous scientific findings to you.
These technologies have the potential- if used only for peaceful purposes- to give us a new and
sustainable civilization on earth, free of poverty and pollution within a generation.
However, if used for destructive and violent purposes these same technologies could end our civilization.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2222, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For this and other reasons the strictest secrecy has surrounded the study of these extraterrestrial
technologies.
But the time has arrived for the truth to be known: we are not alone in the universe. And it is time for
humanity to become a mature, peaceful civilization and take its place in the cosmos with other advanced
peoples from other star systems.
To this end, I call on the world community, other world leaders and all the people of earth to come
together and begin this new era on earth.
We must make open, peaceful contact and initiate diplomatic ties to these other worlds. We must do
this as children of earth and not just one nation. All nations and people of earth must be represented
and empowered in this process.
We must commit to keeping all weapons out of space and going only into space for peaceful purposes
that benefit all of humanity.
We must bring forth these advanced energy and propulsion technologies so that the world's
environment and people benefit. We must all agree to never allow these new technologies to be used as
weapons of war.
And we must commit amongst ourselves that if any nation or group attempts to use these technologies
for violent or destructive purposes, every nation and people on earth will rise up to immediately stop it.
We face a choice: If we do nothing, our environment and civilization will degrade and we may face
extinction. If we use this new knowledge and science for war and destruction we will also surely perish.
But if we establish a world of peace, humanity can now advance as a civilization that is sustainable, just
and worthy of exploring the universe.
This is the singular and great challenge of our generation: to establish world peace, and to create a new
sustainable civilization. Once we have achieved this foundation of peace and justice, we have learned
that these other worlds will welcome us in the cosmos with open arms and hearts.
So, my fellow citizens of earth, let us work together to achieve the destiny of humanity: An enlightened,
peaceful world that joins her place among the other people of the cosmos.
For this is the only possible good future for humanity. It is time for us to unite as a people and create
that good future - NOW.
