{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:50:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 249553, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18775-deadline-expires-on-cseti-ultimatum-jan-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "e6119829395f9218dce29ce97b9e425898c54a2c535b9c6fe0d44bb1a493f2bf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2149, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1 January 1997
At 12 am today, 1 January 1997, the deadline expired for US Government correction of
our previously stated position that military, intelligence and other government related
witnesses to UFO events/projects were free to speak openly of their knowledge and
experiences.
In a letter dated 15 November 1996, CSETI Project Starlight stated the position that,
since projects related to UFOs exist and have existed outside legal constitutional
oversight and control, that all security oaths related to such projects are null and void.
The letter stated that, UNLESS OTHERWISE DIRECTED, that this assessment would be
regarded as accurate and that all such government witnesses would be free to speak
openly as of 1 January 1997.
This letter was sent to, and acknowledgement of receipt has been obtained, from:
President Bill Clinton
Vice-President Al Gore
National Security Advisor Tony Lake
Secretary of Defense William Perry
Secretary of State Warren Christopher
Director of Central Intelligence John Deutsch
Chairman, Joint Chiets of Statt, General Shalikashvili
Chairman Senate Intelligence Committee Arlen Specter
chairman House Intelligence Committee Larry Combas
Chairman Senate Armed Services Committee Strom Thurmon
Chairman House National Security Committee Floyd Spence
Director of NASA Daniel Goldin
FBI Director Louis Freeh
Attorney General Janet Reno
Additionally, this document has been sent to the US Supreme Court and
acknowledgement of receipt is pending.
The letter is attached to this file. Numerous background and position papers were
enclosed with this letter, including a detailed listing of agencies, entities, corporations,
and covert facilities associated with the UFO/ET subject.
The UNLESS OTHERWISE DIRECTED (UNOD) format is routinely used in governmental
and military situations and indicates that unless otherwise instructed, the position and
described actions are approved implicitly. This letter clearly stated that we intend to
assemble as many bona fide government officials and witnesses as possible, and that
they will speak publicly and openly about their knowledge of UFO/ET events and covert
projects.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1792, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since the letter was issued, senior and reliable intelligence sources have stated that no
response or interference would be forthcoming vis a vis plans for government
witnesses to publicly come forward with their testimony.
Significantly, as of 1 January 1997, no government entity, official, agency, department or
office has contradicted this assessment or stated that such government witnesses are
any longer bound to silence.
CSETI Director Dr. Steven Greer has been meeting with various government officials,
including members of the US Congress (House and Senate) to discuss this matter and
ask for open hearings on the subject of UFOs/ETI.
In preparation for these disclosures,and in light of the expiration of the above deadline,
a meeting of such military, intelligence, government and corporate witnesses will be
held later this winter. Bona fide witnesses, or contacts to such witnesses, should
contact Dr. Steven Greer immediately concerning participation in this event. A similar,
but smaller, event was organized by CSETI in 1995, and was attended by US Astronauts,
US and Russian military officials and others.
The meeting this winter will assemble a significant number of such government UFO
witnesses to meet with congressional and other public officials and to request open
hearings within the Congress, so that they may testify openly about their knowledge and
experiences related to UFOs/ETI.
Should Congress not agree to open hearings, other venues, such as the United Nations
or a private disclosure event, will be pursued to effect a publc acknowledgement of the
reality of UFOs/ETI.
This notice may be distributed freely among all newsgroups, media and interested
parties, without further permission or restrictions.
CSETI
1 January 1997
Steven M. Greer M.D., Director
