{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:50:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7413505, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/18771-zero-point-energy-aviation-week-and-space-technology-march-2004.pdf", "source_sha256": "a465aa29b8d4ff3b19eaebf0d532588ced04a039cafee03eea46dcf1566fd7cd"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 821, "chars": 5315, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADVANCEDTECHNOLOGY
To the Stars
Zero point energy emerges from realm
of science fiction, may be key to deep-space travel
WILLIAM B. SCOTT/AUSTIN, TEX.
A
t least two large aerospace com-
panies and one U.S. Defense
Dept. agency are betting that
"zero point energy" could be the
A next breakthrough in aerospace
vehicle propulsion, and are backing
those bets with seed money for ZPE re-
If their efforts pay off, ZPE-driven
powerplants might enable Mach 4 fight-
ers, quiet 1,200-seat hypersonic airlin-
ers that fly at 100-mi. altitudes as far as
12,000 mi. in about 70 min., and 12.6-hr.
trips to the Moon.
ONE OF THOSE companies, BAE Sys-
tems, launched "Project Greenglow" in
1986 "to provide a focus for research into
novel propulsion systems and the means
to power them," said R.A.
Evans, the project leader, in a
technical paper last year. Al-
though funding levels have
been modest, Greenglow is
exploring ZE as one element
of the program's "project-di-
rected research," according to
John E. Allen, a consultant to
BAE Systems.
At least one large U.S.
aerospace company is em-
barking on ZPE research in
response to a Defense Dept.
request, but the company and
its customer cannot be iden-
tified yet. National laborato-
ries, the military services and
other companies either now
have or have had low-level ZPE-relat-
ed efforts underway.
The concept of zero point energy is
rooted in quantum theory, and is diffi-
cult for even the technically minded to
grasp. But theories validated by metic-
ulous experiments have confirmed that
so-called "empty space" or what scien-
tists call the "quantum vacuum" actual-
ly is teeming with activity. Tiny electro-
magnetic fields continuously fluctuate
around their "zero-baseline" values,
even when the temperature drops to ab-
solute zero (0 K) and all thermal effects
have ceased.
A leading researcher in this realm of
new physics, Hal E. Puthoff, director of
the Institute for Advanced Studies here,
50 AVIATION WEEK & SPACE TECHNOLOGY/MARCH 1, 2004
explains zero point energy this way:
"When you get down to the tiniest quan-
tum levels, everything's always jiggly'
Nothing is completely still, even at ab-
solute zero. That's why it's called 'zero
point energy, because, if you were to
cool the universe down to absolute
zero-where all thermal motions were
frozen out—you'd still have residual mo-
tion. The energy associated with that
jiggling' will remain, too."
For most technologists, quantum the-
ory conjures up images of extremely mi-
nuscule particles and field effects. Why
would aerospace companies and gov-
ernments invest in researching "jiggles"
that defy measurement? Because those
quantum or vacuum fluctuations-the
Spacecraft capable of interstellar travel will
approach the speed of light, and may have
to extract energy from the vacuum of space.
However, researchers could be years or
decades from achieving the breakthroughs
necessary to build such a propulsion system.
"jiggles" of zero point energy— if tapped
somehow, could produce stupendous
amounts of energy and enable deep-
space voyages that are impossible for to-
day's propulsion methods.
"Human transportation within the So-
lar system will only become technolog-
ically practical if there is a breakthrough
in terms of speed, coupled with an ade-
quate energy/fuel supply," Evans said.
Energy densities (the amount of en-
ergy per unit volume) of the quantum
vacuum are comparable to those of nu-
clear energy—or even greater. Conse-
quently, its potential as an energy source
is absolutely enormous.
Quantifying the potential of ZPE is
difficult, and scientists are reluctant to
translate the huge numbers predicted by
quantum theory into terms easily grasped.
Puthoff's explanation is particularly
graphic, though: "It's ridiculous, but the-
oretically, there's enough zero point en-
ergy in the volume of a coffee cup to
more than evaporate all the world's
oceans," Puthoff said. "But that's if you
could get at all of it, and you obviously
can't. So, when it comes to a practical
amount of ZE [that might be extracted
from the vacuum], you're still
talking about maybe 1026
BPP/LES BOSSINAS
joules/cubic meter.
"The potential is practical-
ly limitless; way beyond what
can be conceived. But until we
learn what ZPE embodiment
to use [an engineering process
to extract ZPE], and to what
frequency we can effectively
extract the energy, it's really
hard to make a practical state-
ment about how much you
can actually use," he cau-
tioned. "So far, the embodi-
ments are pitifully small. _Ex-
periments] have produced
about the same amount of en-
ergy as a butterfly's wing-pi-
cowatts or so. But the potential is there."
That staggering potential has kept re-
searchers pursuing a "new physics" that
some critics classify as near-science fic-
tion. Still, respected scientists and gov-
ernment agencies believe the quest is
worth investing time, effort and mon-
ey. In 1986, the U.S. Air Force's then-
Rocket Propulsion Laboratory (RPL) at
Edwards AFB, Calif., solicited "Non-
conventional Propulsion Concepts" un-
der a Small Business Innovation Re-
search program. One of the six areas of
interest was "Esoteric energy sources for
propulsion, including the zero point
quantum dynamic energy of vacuum
space..
In particular, the late Robert Forward,
www.AviationNow.com/awst

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 898, "chars": 5929, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ZPE in '12?
AUSTIN, TEX.
In trying to predict when a scientific
breakthrough might unlock zero point
energy (ZPE) as a space transportation
power source, a few scientists suggest
looking for clues in historical cycles.
One of the more enticing is the Kon-
dratieff interval, which was defined by Niko-
lai Kondratielf in 1924. Often cited in eco-
nomic studies, the roughly 55-year cycle
can be found in a variety of human-event
patterns. John E. Allen, a longtime aero-
space researcher and consultant for BAE
Systems, found that the Kondratieff cycle
shows up in key milestones leading to
spacellight (see chart). If the cycle holds
true, then mankind is due for another break-
through in about 2012-which will be 55
years after the launch of Russia's Sputnik,
mankind's first satellite, and 109 years af-
ter the Wright brothers' first flight.
Hal E. Puthoff, one of several scien-
tists who has spent years trying to break
Newton
(Principia)
Force, Statics,
Inertia, Dynamics
James Watt
First Patent
of Mobile Power
Lavoisier
Chemistry; Metals,
Combustion
Steps Toward Spaceflight
Wright Brothers
First Manned Flight
Sputnik
ZPE
James Young
Oil FromRocks
First Spacecraft
in Orbit
a respected scientist consulting for RPL
(now part of the Air Force Research
Laboratory system), recommended ad-
ditional research of the "Casimir effect,"
which had suggested the existence of
ZPE decades earlier. This phenomenon
is attributed to H.G.B. Casimir, a Dutch
researcher, who, in 1948, confirmed the
reality of quantum vacuum energy by cal-
culating the value of a small force be-
tween two uncharged metal plates.
"IF YOU PUT TWO metal plates very
close together, they partially shield some
ZPE frequencies," Puthoff explained.
"That means the energy bouncing back
and forth between the plates is less than
the energy outside, so the plates get
pushed together. Radiation pressure out-
side the plates is greater than radiation
pressure in the somewhat-shielded area
between the plates. The plates coming
together convert vacuum energy to heat."
In 1997, Steve K. Lamoreaux, a Uni-
versity of Washington atomic physicist
at the time, conducted precise meas-
urements of the Casimir effect. His re-
sults almost perfectly matched the pre-
dictions of quantum electrodynamics
theory, according to a peer-reviewed pa-
per in the Jan. 6, 1997, issue of Physi-
cal Review Letters.
When NASA established the Break-
through Propulsion Physics (BPP) pro-
gram in 1996 to research advanced
forms of space transportation, it focused
on three objectives:
1687
1743
1795
1850
1903
1957
2012
56
53
54
55
Years
52
Years
55
Years
Years
Years
Years
The Kondratieff interval occurs in a surprising number of human activities. There is a 54-year gap between
aviation and spaceflight. But the process seems to be embedded in other evolutions in human thinking.
All these quoted were essential to the evolution of aerospace.
Source: John E. Allen, "Quest for a Novel Force: A Possible Revolution in Aerospace," 2003.
the code" that would release the tremen-
dous potential of ZPE, quipped, "It's
always darkest just before it's pitch black
(see p. 50). The most frustrating peri-
od is when you know the answerl is
close, but you're not there yet, Certain-
ly, that's where we are now. The fact that
major aerospace companies are getting
interested in ZPE] will definitely accel-
erate the process. But there's no way to
predict how long that'll take!"
He and other ZPE researchers might
look not only to the Kondratieff interval
for encouragement, but also to Wilbur
Wright's recollection in 1908: "In 1901,
I confess that I said to my brother, Orville,
that man would not ily for 50 years. Two
years later, we made flights. This demon-
stration of my impotence as a prophet
gave me such shock that ever more 1
have distrusted myself and avoided all
predictions"
• Propulsion that required no propel-. program has been on hold since then.
Through private funding, Puthoff and
• Propulsion that attained the maxi-
mum transit speeds physically possible.
• Breakthrough methods of energy pro-
duction to power such devices.
Marc G. Millis, founder and former
project manager of the BPP effort, said
the program sponsored G. Jordan
Maclay, chief scientist for Quantum
Fields LLC, was "to look at getting
his team have secured patents based on
converting ZPE to "miniature ball light-
ning-micron-size lightning-using a
very small traveling wave tube," he said.
"It appeared to demonstrate the prin-
ciple [of ZPE extraction], but we were
never successful in scaling it up to use-
ful levels. We're now working on vari-
ous engineering embodiments to do
that, but we're not there yet."
"As to where we stand on energy ex-
A manned space probe
powered by ZE could,
theoretically, make a
trip to Mars in 7-40
days.
change [research], the force levels and
amount of energy are piddly-real, but
extremely small," Millis added. "We're
still asking): Is there any way to inter-
act with this vacuum energy to create
forces without rocket propellant? Can
we [develop] a form of propulsion that
needs no propellant... for very deep-
space travel?"
So far, the answers have been "no"
oi, at best, "maybe." But there are strik-
ing and encouraging parallels between
the evolvement of ZPE and the history
of nuclear energy research. Albert Ein-
stein's equations showed that an infin-
more empirical evidence to flesh-out
what this vacuum energy 'stuff' really
is." Maclay performed a precise meas-
urement of attractive Casimir forces,
and was working to quantify repulsive
forces when BPP funding was deleted
from NASA's Fiscal 2003 budget
(www.quantumfields.com). The BPP
itesimal amount of mass could be con-
verted to a tremendous amount of
energy via nuclear reactions. Initially,
scientists insisted something was wrong;
the numbers were just too large. They
didn't make sense. But the mathemat-
ics were incontrovertible.
Then natural radioactivity was dis-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1000, "chars": 6604, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AEROSPACE BUSINESS
covered, validating Einstein's equations.
However, energy releases found in na-
ture were so small that even Einstein be-
lieved radiation could never be har-
nessed as a useful energy source.
"At that time, it looked like [nuclear]
fission was going nowhere," Puthoff said.
"The big breakthrough came when
[atomic physicist Enrico] Fermi did his
famous experiment at the University of
Chicago. He found that a material re-
leasing lots of neutrons could act as a
catalyst and start a runaway reaction.
Fission would take off and cause a big
effect-eventually the atomic bomb in
the weapons arena and nuclear reac-
tors in the energy [production] area."
Zero point energy has a similar his-
tory. Predictions from quantum me-
chanics said ZE existed, but the huge
numbers associated with it prompted
questions about the mathematics' va-
lidity and suspicions of errors in quan-
tum theory. "Then the Casimir effect
was found to be a natural embodiment
of natural principles," Puthoff said. "The
[general] reaction was: 'OK, but it's a
small effect. It's never going to be use-
ful for making energy'-just like what
was said about nuclear energy. So, we're
now at the stage of looking for the equiv-
alent of Fermi's neutron-source cata-
lyst-something that ignites the ZPE
process."
Back From the Brink
Streamlining space business sector proves
difficult, but could be key to survival
WILLIAM B. SCOTT/DENVER
A
multiyear, phased reorganiza-
From the outset, company leaders
tion of Lockheed Martin's space
made it clear to employees that survival
business appears to be paying
was at stake. "We had to do this to-
off as the company chalks up
gether, or it wouldn't be a happy end-
wins in both civilian and gov-
ing. It kind of clarifies the mind when
ernment competitions. Its experience is
you look at it that way," said G. Thomas
a snapshot of the sometimes painful re-
Marsh, executive vice president for
building process many aerospace com-
Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co.
panies are undergoing to ensure they
A phased approach was taken to "get
can compete in today's global markets.
ourselves organized and structured to
The Lockheed Martin Space Systems
better serve our customers," Marsh ex-
Co. turnaround is noteworthy, because
plained. "We've oriented our organi-
its position as a top-ranked player in the
zation around the customer-around
national security and commercial space
'lines of business.' Our intent is to give
arenas was at risk a few years ago. A bil-
the customer visibility-through our in-
lion-dollar Titan IV/Milstar launch ac-
formation systems or any other means-
cident, followed by embarrassing losses
into what's going on from business,
of two Mars probes during the heyday
schedule and technical standpoints."
of NASA's faster-better-cheaper era, had
TO EASE THE SHOCK of making nec-
tainted the aerospace giant's reputation
essary changes, specific functional areas
and shaken its workforce's morale.
were addressed in each phase rather
The company's space sector was still
than trying to revamp all organizations
somewhat balkanized at the time, a lega-
at once. Disparate financial and cost-ac-
cy of 1990s acquisitions and mergers. In
counting systems were consolidated into
1999, Lockheed Martin executives em-
a single system spanning all sectors. Next
barked on an aggressive plan to fully in-
came revisions of business management,
tegrate the programmatic and functional
human resources and information struc-
elements of its Space Systems Co.'s Sun-
tures. Last year, the company tackled
nyvale, Calif., and Denver operations.
"value chain" reorganization-techni-
Redundancies were to be eliminated,
cal operations or engineering and qual-
and efficiencies improved to save about
ity sectors, for example.
$40 million initially, and approximately
Recently, considerable effort has been
$5 million each year thereafter. The bot-
'focused on aligning processes and pro-
tom line objective, though, was to
cedures across the Space Systems com-
strengthen and streamline its space op-
pany, eliminating "stovepipe" ways of
erations to be more competitive.
doing business within groups. In the
52 AVIATION WEEK & SPACE TECHNOLOGY/MARCH 1, 2004
If that "catalyst" is ever discovered,
and a ZE powerplant is developed,
how would it affect aeronautics and
space travel? Allen, a BAE Systems
consultant and engineering professor
at London's Kingston University,
explored that question in a com-
prehensive paper published last year
by Progress in Aerospace Sciences
www.sciencedirect.com). Entitled
"Quest for a Novel Force: A Possible
Revolution in Aerospace," the paper
'included a "what-if" study, based on "a
novel force engine." Allen assumed
four sizes of the powerplant, referred
to as a "mass-dynamic engine," with
thrusts in the 5-500-metric-tons
past, engineering had its own proce-
dures, and operations, production and
quality groups had their own. Now, com-
mon processes and procedures cut
across the whole space organization.
"For example, we wrote a set of pro-
cedures that [matches] the flow of a pro-
gram," Marsh said. "It starts with the
[contract capture process, then flows
to the development process, engaging
engineering and its full set of guide-
lines. For example, [guidelines and
checklists show] what you must do to get
to a preliminary design review phase,
then to the critical design review. We try
to do this in the context of the new
[government] acquisition policy that's
coming out, describing those key deci-
sion points. [Then these processes] feed
in what quality and production should
be doing in the development phase. It
truly looks clear across the value chain
[until] you shut the program down and
dispose of the assets." The guidelines
help employees understand their own
roles at each step of the process.
The idea that Space Systems is "one
company" has been a central theme re-
inforced during restructuring. "We're
really not separate organizations locat-
ed at 19 different places around the U.S.
We're one company trying to bring all
those locations to bear on [proposals]
we're making and programs we're exe-
cuting," Marsh said. "We worked very
hard on getting people to believe this
was the right thing to do, and that they
weren't competing [with each other]
anymore. They were all part of an or-
ganization that's competing externally."
Functional groups-—like engineering:
business management, human resources,
quality and operations are matrixed,
serving several "lines of business," each
of which may encompass several pro-
grams. Each line-of-business manager
www.AviationNow.com/awst

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 918, "chars": 5933, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(11,000-1.1-million-lb.) range. A like-
ly source of energy for them would be
ZPE.
Allen is no stranger to cutting-edge
projects, having been involved in the
preliminary designs of a transonic nu-
clear weapon (Blue Danube), an early
supersonic guided missile (Blue Steel),
early space shuttle work, and several ad-
vanced fighter and trainer aircraft at
Hawker Siddely. "I am familiar with
bringing novelties into successful aero-
space hardware, and am well aware of
the qualities required to make a suc-
cessful product," he wrote.
Through a systematic process he calls
"imagineering," Allen conceived of sev-
is accountable for cost and schedule ex-
ecution, while functional managers are
graded on how well they support the re-
quirements of business lines.
People are deployed to a program,
and are managed on a day-to-day basis
by program managers," Marsh said. "We
have to get the right balance, so lines of
business extract value from functional
organizations to achieve objectives."
At the moment, the changes are meet-
ing leaders expectations. Marsh points
to recent gains, such as a backlog of
more than 20 Atlas V launches, and
competitive wins of several missile de-
fense programs as evidence that the new
ways are working.
"We used our new business process
... and I think we were right on target
with customers' expectations," he not-
ed. "Indications are we're on the right
As expected, the Space Systems tran-
sition has had to confront and resolve
cultural differences, but the phased
process apparently provided a degree of
stability that's made a steady stream of
www. AviationNow com/awet
eral air and space vehicles powered by
mass-dynamic engines:
• A heavy-lift freighter capable of car-
rying a 1,000 metric-ton payload more
than 20,000 km. (10,792 naut. mi.) at
speeds of Mach 0.7-0.9.
• A Mach 4 vertical takeoff/short-take-
off and landing fighter.
• A 600-1,000-seat airliner powered by
two 250,000-1b.-thrust engines.
• A Lunar craft that would climb slow-
ly to a 36-km. altitude to minimize aero-
dynamic effects, then accelerate to a max-
imum velocity of 10-km./sec. (19,440 naut.
mi./hr.) until slowing for a landing on the
Moon. "This trajectory provides a flight
time of 12.6 hr.," Allen suggested.
changes more palatable. "We've had hic-
cups, just in things like the terminology,
used in one place versus another,
Marsh said. "Redoing our procedures
and processes was [aimed] at getting to
that [communications] issue and mak-
ing sure we start working as a common
culture. We're still working through cul-
tural issues and will be for awhile. But
I think, for the most part, [changes] are
being embraced."
SO FAR, THE NATION'S economic slump
has been helping Space Systems attract
needed technical talent. About 85% of
offers made are being accepted. Still,
software and systems engineering spe-
cialists tend to be in short supply. Marsh
echoed other aerospace executives con-
cerns when looking to future intellectu-
al capital needs (AW&ST Feb. 16, p. 11).
As the economy turns [upward], we
expect our 85% acceptance ratio to
change as competition for these resources
[increases]. If you look at projections na-
tionwide for engineers and scientists, and
what colleges and universities are turn-
ing out, the trends are not in a direction
that would support
what's going to be
needed. Industry]
ment are going to
have to put a big
push on this in or-
ent we need in the
Reorganization
of
Lockheed Martin's
Space Systems Co.
appears to be paying
off. The company
has launch orders
for more than 20 of
its Atlas V boosters.
• A quiet hypersonic "megaliner" ca-
pable of climbing vertically to a 100-mi.
altitude, then flying a curved flight path
at satellite-like speeds. Allen selected a
point-design of 1,200 passengers and a
range of 12,000 mi. With upward accel-
erations limited to 0.5g, flight time
• A Mars transporter that could take a
20-person team to the red planet in 7-
40 days, depending on the separation
distance between the Earth and Mars.
Allen's analyses showed the per-
formance of these craft are within the
realm of feasibility, if using a break-
through powerplant running on fuel with
ZE-like energy densities.
But is harnessing ZE feasible, and,
if so, how soon? If the expectations of
cutting-edge scientists are any guide, a
ZE power source with aerospace ap-
plications could be in sight.
"I'd say our confidence level [of a
breakthrough] is 50% or better. We
have some ideas that we're exploring,
but we're not ready to talk about them,
Puthoff hedged. "The big hurdle is find-
ing an embodiment that will permit
scale-ups to useful levels of energy-
finding the catalyst for accelerating cur-
rently known processes. If our [re-
search] is successful, almost assuredly
there'd be no problem with small
units-a few cubic centimeters of
ZE-providing enough energy to pow-
er spaceships."
As to when a breakthrough might oc-
cur, "We're definitely not stumbling
around in the dark any more," Puthoff
continued. "It's been shown that zero
point energy is real and has real conse-
quences. It's definitely a technology
that's not ready for prime time, but it's
definitely ready for serious scientific in-
vestigation."
Based on an historical cycle of break-
throughs in transportation technology,
the human race is due for another big
leap in about 2012 (see p. 51). Last year,
Allen predicted one could occur "with-
in a decade or two. This stage is equiv-
alent to where aeronautics was in the
1890s."
Still, NASA's Millis urges caution. "I
really don't want to raise people's ex-
pectations too much," he said.
"To get
overly excited causes more damage [in
the field of ZE research than skeptics
do. We need to make sure we're not ex-
tending our claims beyond what the ev-
idence points us to today. To be impar-
tial, I'd say we're not on the verge of
grandiose breakthroughs. But we have
another embryonic field opening up to
ANTATIAN INCE & DAND TOADA NAME
