{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:52:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 340777, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/23878-disclosure-and-transformation.pdf", "source_sha256": "181bfc2eae4d54e8d3739b68fabc52cab9c621a855f2badd0da7379b05de7aa6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2996, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Author:
Disclosure and Transformation
Copyrght 1999
Steven M. Greer, MD
Document ID:
Amid the clamor of a world hurtling towards the next century, a great secret has been kept from
humanity which may hold the key to our future. This secret is hidden in plain sight and yet remains
unacknowledged by most. It is discussed widely in popular culture - but its import and meaning remain
elusive.
In a world swimming in new high-tech billionaires and Internet moguls, we yet use a basic infrastructure
- combustible fuels - which is a holdover from the 1800s. And it threatens all that we are and all that we
can be as it incinerates our future in a sea of pollution, in a world of increasing haves and have-nots.
In a world where the wealthiest 250 people have a wealth of half of the world's population and where
our current direction can only lead to some eventual termination in a great grey cloud of smoke, what
does it matter that we are not alone in the universe - and have been visited already?
Indeed. What does it matter?
Because in that secret lies a great hope and a great promise. We see a vision not of termination and
hopelessness as the current millennium rolls into the next. We see a time in which the world's current
malaise and seemingly hopeless problems are transformed into another time. One of hope and a
sustainable civilization. One in which we can actually envision a global and technologically advanced
society which can evolve and continue for many centuries - not terminate in the next.
The good news is that we know how to do this. The answers exist already and that bright future awaits
us. The sad news is that, among the apathy and distractions of the current milieu, we find these answers
withheld from view. It is an invisible future - which is here already, but hidden. Do we have the stamina
and fortitude to bring it out?
I awakened this morning thinking of these and many other things.
How do I explain to my children why daddy is foregoing $200,000 a year in income to pursue such a
goal? How do I convey the purpose of an undertaking which has taken me all over the world, meeting
with heads of state, generals, admirals and titans of industry to build support for such a disclosure?
Having seen one of my closest friends and my most important co-worker die in the past year while
striving to attain this goal, how can I stop moving forward? Since being diagnosed with cancer myself
during the same time Shari Adamiak was struggling with hers, the question arises What should I do with
my life?'.
For eight years we have striven for this vision. Of course, it would be easier to live a regular sort of life
pursuing career, money and the like. But isn't it precisely because that is what nearly everyone is doing
that the world is in the state we find it today?
So for my children and all those who wonder - and worry - about this struggle, about its risks and who
may ask 'Why bother?', I must share this vision:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2554, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Author:
Disclosure and Transformation
Copyrght 1999
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
Of a time when we know we are not alone and indeed are being visited already - and suddenly the
earth is a very small blue island in the vast universe and we are all family upon her.
Of a time when the people and their representatives have stood up to the forces of exploitation and
covert abuse of power and have finally fulfilled the promise of democracy and an open and free society.
Of a time when the one trillion dollar military/industrial complex will be transformed into an engine
to advance all the peoples of the world, not destroy them.
Of a time when the technologies of extraterrestrial origin, already figured out and operational in
covert projects funded by the people, will be disclosed and owned by all.
Of a time when, by these advancements, each home and each village can have its own source of
energy which consumes no fuel and pollutes not the air, the water or the land.
Of a time when the third world will be freed from the poverty which the limited resources and costs
of energy ensure - and will take its place equally among the prosperous nations of the northern
hemisphere.
Of a time when we will utilize space to explore and discover, not as the next launching pad for
warfare.
Of a time when we can see our children's children's children living and growing in a world free of the
specter of environmental holocaust.
Of a time when the earth and her people will take their place peacefully among other planetary
peoples, joining in an evolutionary spiral which endures for millennia.
Of a time when the millions of acres of fertile farm land now under highways will be freed to be
nurtured for better uses, as we float silently from place to place in devices currently held hostage in
underground facilities.
Of a time when the ugliness of transmission lines and power plants and nuclear waste will vanish
into irrelevance as we each utilize power sources in our homes and offices which are free-standing and
non-polluting
Of a time when no rainforest will need to be cut down or burned for firewood and minimally
productive farmland since the means of energy and production will forever quench that inferno.
Of a time when the great want and injustice of severe poverty, which breeds so much social unrest
and suffering, will be replaced by a culture of abundance, not a zero sum game of greed.
Of a time when the exploration of mind and human potential will replace the exploitation of others.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1618, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Author:
Disclosure and Transformation
Copyrght 1999
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
Of a time of collective security when the people of the world will vow to enforce a peace which is
inviolate - and universal - and will let no leader or group invade or exploit another.
Of a time when all beings, human or otherwise, are respected and protected equally for the reality
of their inner being, not judged by their race or sex or other external qualities. Not even their planet of
origin.
For such a time, some effort is warranted. Some sacrifice justified.
We have one last hill to climb and then this vision will be reality. We are only one step away from
creating this. The means exist to do it. The technologies already lie in wait. The knowledge of what must
be done is obvious. The world is wired increasingly into an organic whole.
A friend told me a story related to him by Col. Philip Corso before he passed away. Sometime in the
1950s or early 1960s, he was at Holoman Air Force Base/ White Sands Missile Range during a landing of
an extraterrestrial spacecraft. There was an exchange between the ETs and the military and at one point
Col. Corso, in typical American military fashion, asked, with regard to open ET cooperation, "What's in it
for me?". The ET responded: " A better world - if you can take it..."
Now, I do not know if this story is true. I was not there. But I can see that it is exactly what the universe
is saying to us: There is a better world awaiting us - and we can create it. Can we take it?
It is certainly worth a try.
Steven M. Greer, M.D.
