{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:52:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 635815, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/23879-implications-for-the-environment-world-peace-world-poverty-and-the-human-future.pdf", "source_sha256": "005e527463e372ad37d792c54c0d35be529ea724a45f6b027737e463c5fc0654"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3296, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
For most people, the question of whether or not we are alone in the universe is a mere philosophical
musing — something of academic interest but of no practical importance. Even evidence that we are
currently being visited by non-human advanced life forms seems to many to be an irrelevancy in a world
of global warming, crushing poverty and the threat of war. In the face of real challenges to the long-
term human future, the question of UFOs, extraterrestrials and secret government projects is a mere
sideshow, right? Wrong — catastrophically wrong.
The evidence and testimony presented in the following pages establish the following:
That we are indeed being visited by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations and have been for some time;
That this is the most classified, compartmented program within th and many other countries;
hat those projects have, as warned in 1961 by President Eisenhower, escaped legal oversight and control
in the US, the UK and elsewhere;
That advanced spacecraft of extraterrestrial origin, called extraterrestrial vehicles (ETVS) by some
intelligence agencies, have been downed, retrieved and studied since at least the 1940s and possibly as
early as the 1930s;
That significant technological breakthroughs in energy generation and propulsion have resulted from the
study of these objects (and from related human innovations dating as far back as the time of Nikola
Tesla) and that these technologies utilize a new physics not requiring the burning of fossil fuels or
ionizing radiation to generate vast amounts of energy;
Ø That classified, above top-secret projects possess fully operational anti-gravity propulsion devices and
new energy generation systems that, if declassified and put to peaceful uses, would empower a new
human civilization without want, poverty or environmental damage.
Those who doubt these assertions should carefully read the testimony of dozens of military and
government witnesses whose testimony clearly establishes these facts. Given the vast and profound
implications of these statements, whether one accepts or seriously doubts these assertions, all must
demand that Congressional hearings be convened to get to the truth of this matter. For nothing less
than the human future hangs in the balance.
Implications for the Environment
We have identified insiders and scientists who can prove, in open Congressional hearings, that we do in
fact possess classified energy generation and anti-gravity propulsion systems capable of completely and
permanently replacing all forms of currently used energy generation and transportation systems. These
devices access the ambient electromagnetic and so-called zero point energy state to produce vast
amounts of energy without any pollution. Such systems essentially generate energy by tapping into the
ever-present quantum vacuum energy state — the baseline energy from which all energy and matter is
fluxing. All matter and energy is supported by this baseline energy state and it can be tapped through
unique electromagnetic circuits and configurations to generate huge amounts of energy from

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3637, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
space/time all around us. These are NOT perpetual motion machines nor do they violate the laws of
thermodynamics — they merely tap an ambient energy field all around us to generate energy.
This means that such systems do not require fuel to burn or atoms to split or fuse. They do no require
central power plants, transmission lines and the related multi-trillion dollar infrastructure required to
electrify and power remote areas of India, China, Africa and Latin America. These systems are site-
specific: they can be set up at any place and generate needed energy. Essentially, this constitutes the
definitive solution to the vast majority of environmental problems facing our world.
The environmental benefits of such a discovery can hardly be overstated, but a brief list include:
Ø The elimination of oil, coal and gas as sources of energy generation, thus the elimination of air and
water pollution related to the transport and use of these fuels. Oil spills, global warming, illnesses from
air pollution, acid rain etc can and must be ended within 10-20 years;
Ø Resource depletion and geo-political tensions arising from competition for fossil fuel resources will
Ø Technologies already exist to scrub manufacturing effluent to zero or near zero emissions for both air
and water-but they use a great deal of energy and thus are considered too costly to fully utilize.
Moreover, since they are energy intensive, and our energy systems today create most of the air pollution
in the world, a point of diminishing return for the environment is reached quickly. That equation is
dramatically changed when industries are able to tap vast amounts of free energy (there is no fuel to pay
for — only the device, which is no more costly than other generators) and those systems create no
pollution.
Ø Energy-intensive recycling efforts will be able to reach full application since the energy needed to
process solid waste will, again, be free and abundant.
Ø Agriculture, which is currently very energy dependent and polluting, can be transformed to use clean,
non-polluting sources of energy.
Ø Desertification can be reversed and world agriculture empowered by utilizing desalinization plants,
which are now very energy intensive and expensive, but will become cost-efficient once able to use these
new, non-polluting energy systems.
Ø Air travel, trucking and inter-city transportation systems will be replaced with new energy and
propulsion technologies (anti-gravity systems allow for silent above surface movement). No pollution will
be generated and costs will decrease substantially since the energy expenses will be negligible.
Additionally, mass transportation in urban areas can utilize these systems to provide silent, efficient
intra-city movement.
Ø Noise pollution from jets, trucks and other modes of transportation will be eliminated by the use of
these silent devices.
Ø Public utilities will not be needed since each home, office and factory will have a device to generate
whatever energy is needed. This means ugly transmission lines that are subject to storm damage and
power interruption will be a thing of the past. Underground gas pipelines, which not infrequently rupture
or leak and damage Earth and water resources, will not be needed at all.
Ø Nuclear power plants will be decommissioned and the technologies needed to clean such sites will be
available. Classified technologies do exist to neutralize nuclear waste.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 553, "chars": 3549, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
Utopia? No, because human society will always be imperfect — but perhaps not as dysfunctional as it is
today. These technologies are real — I have seen them. Anti-gravity is a reality and so is free energy
generation. This is not a fantasy or a hoax. Do not believe those who say that this is not possible: they
are the intellectual descendants of those who said the Wright brothers would never fly.
Current human civilization has reached the point of being able to commit planeticide: the killing of an
entire world. We can and we must do better. These technologies exist and every single person who is
concerned about the environment and the human future should call for urgent hearings to allow these
technologies to be disclosed, declassified and safely applied.
Implications for Society and World Poverty
From the above, it is obvious that these technologies that are currently classified would enable human
civilization to achieve sustainability. Of course, in the near term, we are talking about the greatest social,
economic and technological revolution in human history — bar none. I will not minimize the world-
encompassing changes that would inevitably attend such disclosures. Having dealt with this issue for
much of my adult life, I am acutely aware of how immense these changes will be.
Aside from the singular realization that homo sapiens are not the only — or most advanced — creatures
in the universe, this disclosure will cause humanity to be faced with the greatest risks and opportunities
in known history. If we do nothing, our civilization will collapse environmentally, economically, geo-
politically and socially. In 10 - 20 years, fossil fuel and oil demand will outstrip supply significantly — and
then it is the Mad Max scenario where everyone is warring over the last barrel of oil. It is likely that this
geo-political and social collapse will precede any environmental catastrophe.
The disclosure of these new technologies will give us a new, sustainable civilization. World poverty will
be eliminated within our life times. With the advent of these new energy and propulsion systems, no
place on Earth will need to suffer from want. Even the deserts will bloom....
Once abundant and nearly free energy is available in impoverished areas for agriculture, transportation,
construction, manufacturing and electrification, there is no limit to what humanity can achieve. It is
ridiculous — obscene even — that mind-boggling poverty and famine exists in the world while we sit on
classified technologies that could completely reverse this situation. So why not release these
technologies? Because the social, economic and geo-political order of the world would be greatly
altered. Every deep insider with whom I have met has emphasized that this would be the greatest
change in known human history. The matter is so highly classified not because it is so silly, but because
its implications are so profound and far reaching. By nature, those who control such projects do not like
change. And here we are talking about the biggest economic, technological, social and geo-political
change in known human history. Hence, the status quo is maintained, even as our civilization hurtles
towards oblivion.
But by this argument, we would have never had the industrial revolution and the Ludites would have
reigned supreme to this day.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 3622, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Date:
Revised:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
An international effort to minimize disruption to the economy and to ease the transition to this new
social and economic reality will be needed. We can do this and we must. Special interests in certain oil,
energy and economic sectors need to be reigned in and at the same time treated compassionately:
Nobody likes to see their power and empire crumble. Nations very dependent on the sale of oil and gas
will need help diversifying, stabilizing and transitioning to a new economic order.
The United States, Europe and Japan will need to adjust to a new geo-political reality as well: As
currently poor but populous countries dramatically develop technologically and economically, they will
demand — and will get — a meaningful seat at the international table. And this is as it should be. But
the international community will need to put in place safeguards to prevent such potential geo-political
rapprochement between the first and third world from devolving into bellicose and disruptive behavior
on the part of the newly empowered.
The US in particular will need to lead through strength - but avoid the current trend towards
domination. Leadership and domination are not the same, and the sooner we learn the difference the
better off the world will be. There can be international leadership without domination and hegemony,
and the US needs to realize these distinctions if it is to provide much-needed leadership on this issue.
These technologies, because they will decentralize power — literally and figuratively — will enable the
billions living in misery and poverty to enter a world of new abundance. And with economic and
technological development, education will rise and birth rates will fall. It is well known that as societies
become more educated, prosperous and technologically advanced — and women take an increasingly
equal role in society — the birth rate falls and population stabilizes. This is a good thing for world
civilization and the future of humanity.
With each village cleanly electrified, agriculture empowered with clean and free energy and
transportation costs lowered, poverty will dramatically fall in the world. If we act now, by 2030 we will
be able to effectively eliminate all poverty in the world, as we know it today. We only need the courage
to accept these changes and the wisdom to steer humanity safely and peacefully into a new time.
Implications for World Peace and Security
A few years ago 1 was discussing this subject with the former Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, Senator Claiborne Pell. He explained to me that he had been in Congress since the 1950s
but had never been briefed on this subject. I told him that the nature of these black projects has
resulted in most of our leaders being left out of any decision making on this subject, and what a shame
this is. I said, "Senator Pell, all that time you were Chairman of Foreign Relations, you were deprived of
the opportunity to deal with the ultimate foreign relations challenge..." and I pointed to the stars above
our heads. He said, " You know Dr. Greer, I am afraid that you are right..."
It is true that our great diplomats and wise elders, such as Senator Pell, President Jimmy Carter and
other international leaders have been specifically and deliberately prevented from having access to or
control over this subject. This is a direct threat to world peace. In the vacuum of secrecy, operations

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 553, "chars": 3444, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
supervised by neither the people, the people's representatives, the UN nor any other legitimate entity
have taken actions that directly threaten world peace.
Testimony, corroborated by multiple military witnesses who do not know each other and who have had
no opportunity for collusion, will show that the US and other countries have engaged these ETVs in
armed attack, in some cases leading to the downing of these vehicles. As I said to Mrs. Boutros Ghali,
wife of the then Secretary General of the UN, if there is even a 10% chance that this is true, then this
constitutes the gravest threat to world peace in human history
Having personally interviewed numerous credible military and aerospace officials with direct knowledge
of such actions, I am certain that we have done this. Why? Because these unknown vehicles have been
in our airspace without our permission and because we wanted to acquire their technology. Nobody has
asserted that there is an actual threat to humanity from these objects: Obviously, any civilization
capable of routine interstellar travel could terminate our civilization in a nanosecond, if that was their
intent. That we are still breathing the free air of Earth is abundant testimony to the non-hostile nature
of these ET civilizations.
We have also been informed that the so-called Star Wars (or National Missile Defense System) effort has
really been a cover for black project deployment of weapon systems to track, target and destroy ETVs as
they approach Earth or enter Earth's atmosphere. No less a figure than Wernher Von Braun warned on
his death-bed of both the reality and the madness of such a scheme, apparently to no avail (see the
Testimony of Carol Rosin, former spokesperson for Wernher Von Braun).
Well, unless we change directions we are likely to end up where we are going.
With the types of weapons currently in the covert arsenal - weapons more fearsome even than
thermonuclear devices — there is no possibility of a survivable conflict. Yet in the darkness of secrecy,
actions have been taken on behalf of every human that may endanger our future. Only a full, honest
disclosure will correct this situation. It is not possible for me to convey in words the urgency of this.
For 10 years I worked as an emergency doctor and saw how every possible object can be used as a
weapon. Every technology, unless guided by wisdom and a desire for that good and peaceful future -
the only future possible — will be used for conflict. Super-secret projects that answer to no legally
constituted body- not the UN, not the US Congress, not the British Parliament — must not be allowed to
continue to act in this way on behalf of humanity.
One of the greatest dangers of extreme secrecy is that it creates a hermetically sealed, closed system
impervious to the free and open exchange of ideas. In such an environment, it is easy to see how grave
mistakes can be made. For instance, the testimony here will show that these ETVs became very
prominent after we developed the first nuclear weapons — and began to go into space. There were
multiple events — corroborated here by numerous credible military officials — of these objects hovering
over and even neutralizing ICBMs (Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles).

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 527, "chars": 3450, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
A closed, military view of this might be to take offense, engage in counter-measures and attempt to
down such objects. In fact, this would be the normal response. But what if these ET civilizations were
saying, "Please do not destroy your beautiful world — and know this: we will not let you go into space
with such madness and threaten others..." An event showing concern and even a larger cosmic wisdom
could be construed over and over again as an act of aggression. Such misunderstandings and myopia are
the stuff wars are made of.
Whatever our perceptions of these visitors, there is no chance that misunderstandings can be resolved
through violent engagement. To contemplate such madness is to contemplate the termination of human
civilization.
It is time for our wise elders and our levelheaded diplomats, like Sen. Pell, to be put in charge of these
weighty matters. To leave this in the hands of a clique of un-elected, self-appointed and unaccountable
covert operations is the greatest threat to US national security and world security in history. Eisenhower
was right, but nobody was listening.
In light of testimony showing that covert actions have been taken that involved violent engagement of
these visitors, it is imperative that the international community in general and the US Congress and
President in particular do the following:
Ø Convene hearings to assess the risks to national and international security posed by the current covert
management of the subject;
Ø Enforce an immediate ban on weapons in space and specifically ban the targeting of any
extraterrestrial objects since such actions are unwarranted and could endanger the whole of humanity;
Ø Develop a special diplomatic unit to interface with these extraterrestrial civilizations, foster
communication and peaceful relations;
Ø Develop a suitably empowered and open international oversight group to manage human-
extraterrestrial relations and ensure peaceful and mutually beneficial interactions;
Ø Support international institutions that can ensure the peaceful use of those new technologies related
to advanced energy and propulsion systems (see below).
In addition to the above, a less obvious — but perhaps equally pressing — threat to world peace arises
from the fact that the covert control of this subject has resulted in the world being deprived of the new
energy and propulsion technologies discussed earlier.
World poverty and a widening gap between rich and poor are serious threats to world peace that would
be corrected by the disclosure and peaceful application of these technologies (see above). The real
threat of war over a shrinking supply of fossil fuels in the next 10-20 years further underscores the need
for this disclosure. What happens when the 4 billion people living in poverty want cars, electricity and
other modern conveniences — all of which depend on fossil fuels? To any thinking person, it is obvious
that we must transition quickly to the use of these now classified technologies — they are powerful
solutions already sitting on a shelf.
Of course, a number of insiders have pointed out that these technologies are not your grandfather's
Oldsmobile: They are technological advances, like any other, that could be put to violent uses by

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2390, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
Implications for the Environment, World Peace, World
Poverty and the Human Future
© March 2001
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
terrorists, bellicose nations and madmen. But here we enter a catch 22: If these technologies are not
forthcoming soon, we will face a certain meltdown in human civilization and the environment; if they
are disclosed, immensely powerful new technologies will be out there for possible destructive uses.
In the near future, it is prudent to view humanity as likely to use any new technology violently. This
means that international agencies must be created to ensure — and enforce — the exclusive peaceful
use of such devices. The technologies exist today to link every such device to a GPS (Global Positioning
System) monitor that could disable or render useless any device tampered with or used for anything put
peaceful power generation and propulsion. These technologies should be regulated and monitored. And
the international community must mature to a level of competence to ensure their exclusive peaceful
use.
Any other use should be met with overwhelming resistance by every other nation on Earth.
Such a pact is the necessary next step. Maybe someday, humanity will live in peace without the need for
such controls. But for now, the situation is like that of chained dogs — some strong leashes are
warranted and are essential.
But such concerns cannot be a rationale for further delaying the disclosure of these technologies. We
have the knowledge and means to ensure their safe and peaceful use — and these must be applied soon
if we are to avoid further degradation of the environment and an escalation of world poverty and
conflict.
In the final analysis, then, we are faced with a social and spiritual crisis that transcends any technological
or scientific challenge. The technological solutions exit — but do we possess the will, wisdom and
courage to apply them for the common good? The more one contemplates this matter the more it is
obvious that we have one possible future: Peace. Peace on Earth and peace in space — a universal
Peace, wisely enforced; for every other path leads to ruin
This then is the greatest challenge of the current era. Can our spiritual and social resources rise to this
challenge? Nothing less than the destiny of the human race hangs in the balance.
