{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:51:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 514707, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/23872-animal-mutilations-and-the-ets.pdf", "source_sha256": "b3344fe6746e09951cd309b9b488e36f37a7df25ab34e212c3c6baebc977b276"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 633, "chars": 4141, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Author:
Animal "Mutiliations" and The ETS
Copyrght 1995
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
The reports of livestock animals that were being dissected under strange and inexplicable circumstance
first started appearing in the 1970s. Some of the incidents were associated with sightings of UFOs. The
incisions on the animal carcasses demonstrated the use of sophisticated dissection techniques possibly
involving laser like technology. Since the initial reports, tabloid journalists and UFO investigators have
bombarded us with the point of view that these dissections are cruel cattle mutilations, presumably
carried out by diabolical aliens. Whether or not the ETs are involved in all the dissections, it has never
been clearly established. If they were truly responsible for some of the dissections, alternative
interpretations of their actions indicating positive or benign Extraterrestrial motivations are almost
never discussed.
Many of the tissues surgically removed in these incidents have rapid rates of cellular growth. These
include parts of the animals containing the gastrointestinal tract or sex organs. These rapidly growing
cell lines make them ideal for studying the effects of toxins. Let's assume that the Extraterrestrials were
involved in such occurrences but their actions were motivated by a desire to monitor the effects of
environmental pollutants on mammalian tissues. The damage at the cellular level caused by such toxins
could be studied from dissections of livestock. The tissue samples harvested from dissected animals
could then be studied in Extraterrestrial laboratories. This more benign explanation, which I personally
believe fits the facts better than the bizarre fantasy that it represents some cruel diabolical ET plot to
torture and mutilate hapless farm animals, is never mentioned by the tabloids and "mutilation"
researchers.
CSETI and its allies are going to have to be responsible voices of reason and truth in this field because
there are so many people out there who are purveying ideas of the most terrifying nature. These bizarre
notions are uniformly false and demonstrably so. Speaking out for the truth is urgently needed and is
part of our social responsibility as researchers in this field. We after all are not carrying out this project
in a vacuum. Our fellow humans deserve to hear the truth. This is especially important because knowing
the truth will likely facilitate the evolution of this planet.
At a recent UFO meeting that I attended there was a discussion of what is regretfully designated as
"alien cattle mutilations." The facile tendency is to label the phenomenon such because it appears to be
something gruesome. It is ergo a sign of malevolence. Well as the song goes from Porgy and Bess, " It
Taint Necessarily So". You see I happen to prefer not to eat meat, and what I find curious about this
situation is that those people who scream the loudest about these dissections, overwhelmingly eat meat
3 times a day. I somehow just don't get it. There is a big time disconnect here! What I believe is going on
is that people are confusing their own emotional reaction with what could be possible motives that the
Extraterrestrials might have in carrying out farm animal dissections. It is important not to confuse the
two, our emotional reactions with possible ET motives. When encountering an entirely different culture
for the first time, with different customs, morays, and different ethics, it is important not to impose our
ethnocentric judgments on alleged actions by the Extraterrestrials. Imposing ones own ethnocentric
judgments on their alleged actions is the error that the white skinned Europeans committed when they
encountered indigenous people in North America and Africa. These peoples of color, had different
customs, forms of social organization, and therefor were labeled as evil. This went so far that during the
17th and 18th centuries Europeans officially, by Church and Crown, did not even consider these
indigenous peoples to be human. Since they didn't have a soul according to this ethnocentric judgment,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 2888, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Author:
Animal "Mutiliations" and The ETS
Copyrght 1995
Steven M. Greer, MD
Document ID:
it could be rationalized to conquer tribal people and place them into slavery. In the case of Native
Americans in this country, their near total extermination was similarly justified. We should be very
careful that we don't make the same kind of mistakes as we begin to interact with Extraterrestrial
peoples. We must not misinterpret the actions of civilizations that have evolved on planets under very
different circumstances. These ET civilizations are likely to have very different sociological and ethical
values compared to what we are accustomed to. If we make the mistake of approaching the
Extraterrestrials with prejudice as we have done so often in approaching different cultures in the past, I
know it will be a very big mistake. Much bigger than the mistakes we have made when dealing with each
other. So we have to be careful about this and be very deliberate and diligent in not jumping to
conclusions.
In pondering the significance of ET Civilizations visiting Earth we should remember that all language
reflects consciousness. The words we use encapsulate our consciousness. Words are powerful because
they shape how we will think and act. If the only words we use to describe the human-Extraterrestrial
relationship are negative, fear based, and xenophobic, words like "abductions" and "mutilations", then
we will imprison ourselves into an utterly hopeless paradigm of victim hood. As self proclaimed victims
we will not even be able to conceive of, let alone take advantage of, whatever opportunities that might
present themselves to us for establishing a mutually beneficial, open and direct relationship with the
Extraterrestrials. So we have to be very careful as to what words we use to describe this phenomenon.
This is especially so when we speak to the public. Once the awareness of ET civilizations visiting Earth
becomes more a part of the mass consciousness, as the message breaks out of the UFO ghetto and we
start breaking into the mainstream culture, the need to handle this subject in a responsible way will
increase exponentially. It may not be long before this theme will be leaving the inside pages of the
National Inquirer to arrive on the front pages of The New York Times. We must be very careful in
selecting the words we use, not only in terms of maintaining our credibility but also in terms of fulfilling
our social responsibility. It is not only important that we speak the truth that we can verify, but also that
we do so in a way that does not cause unnecessary and unwarranted panic and alarm. In my opinion
those dealing with this subject have not shown enough social consciousness and enough social
responsibility. This is particularly true in the so called alien abduction and animal mutilation fields.
