{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:51:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 673802, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/23875-comprehensive-assessment-of-the-ufo-eti-phenomenon.pdf", "source_sha256": "9b8414db4037d41fc77e4e059ced36df934a6c396c561700e5c80e6fb4722e3e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2923, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Comprehensive Assessment of The UFO/ET Phenomenon
Copyrght 1991
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
lA comprehensive analysis of the UFO phenomenon, as well as original research and experiences of
members of the CSETI CE-5 Initiative Working Group, has enabled us to make some specific conclusions
about UFOs, Extraterrestrial Intelligence and their motives. The summation of this analysis, which
follows, is intended to assist both groups and individuals in their efforts to understand this complex
subject. We have recorded only those conclusions for which we have a high level of certainty.
GENERAL CONCLUSIONS
• Some UFOs are extraterrestrial spacecraft (ETS) which are piloted by extraterrestrial biological
entities (EBEs) who originate on another planet, and most likely another star system.
• More than one extraterrestrial civilization is represented in the current activities involving Earth.
• These extraterrestrial civilizations are working in concert and not competitively, although there
is some specialization in function and activities for the various groups. This indicates that there
exists either an emerging or well established organization for these groups.
• These beings have bases within this solar system and may maintain temporary bases on Earth,
particularly under water.
• While various reports and speculations exist, we cannot at this time definitely state which
planets or star systems are the home systems for these beings. Any specific information on this
subject is very likely to be incorrect due to the security considerations of these beings. That is,
given human tendencies towards war, aggression and violence, open disclosure of their planets
of origin would put these planets at potential risk should human military interests unravel the
energy and propulsion technology of their craft.
• The variety in sizes and shapes of ETs observed is due to:
a) varying civilizations of origin, and more importantly,
b) specialization of function, which include general reconnaissance, medical research, central
command and base operations, energy generation and transfer, and human technology, military
and space program research and reconnaissance.
• Sudden and fully open contact with human civilization has been avoided because of a number of
interrelated factors, including:
a) the need to avoid an untimely disruption of Earth civilization including military, political,
geopolitical, cultural, economic, technological and religious upheaval;
b) risks to their own civilization and 'people', as well as overall mission, given human
xenophobia and tendencies towards violent armed reactions.
c) up to this time, such massive and open contact has not been necessary, and has not been
consonant with their overall long-term mission and purpose (see below "The Question of
Intent"), since their purpose is not acquisition oriented or disruptive.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3422, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Comprehensive Assessment of The UFO/ET Phenomenon
Date:
Author:
Copyrght 1991
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
• A plan is in place to allow for gradually broader and deeper contact with human society and
individuals so that humans may become accustomed to the reality of other intelligent beings in
the universe, and so that needed research and observation may take place on both sides.
Limited but increasing opportunities for bilateral and human initiated contact will occur in the
reasonably near future.
• Sudden and large scale contact will occur only in the event of a significant world-wide
emergency (man-made or natural).
•
While ETI observation and interaction with Earth is probably an ancient as opposed to purely
modern phenomenon, the marked increase in activity coinciding with World War Il and the
dawning of the 'nuclear age' indicates that ETI are quite concerned about this transitional stage
of human social evolution. They are particularly concerned about human nuclear weapons and
technology and their potential for world-wide destruction, and possibly for their potential threat
to ETI, although this is nominal. These beings are further concerned with our peaceful transition
to a world society, international peace, and the establishment of a just, effective and
representative world government, expected to occur within 10 to 15 years or less.
• ETI technology is strictly guarded by both ETI and human governmental agencies because of its
potential for military applications which would greatly threaten world security. It is imperative
that this technology not found significant human applications until such time as the Earth
attains international peace and an effective world government.
• The US government, at least at the level of a highly compartmentalized above top secret group,
has known about the reality of these ETS and their occupants since at least 1947. A strict secrecy
and a world-wide cover-up of these facts have been maintained due to:
a) fear of public panic and social disruption
b) security issues surrounding possible military and technology applications of ETI technology,
especially in the setting of a world beset with Cold War tensions and competing interests. c)
uncertainty and mistrust regarding ETI motives and ultimate intentions.
d) embarrassment and consternation over human military inability to secure world air space
from repeated penetrations by ETS
e) embarrassment and loss of face resulting from disclosures concerning how this matter has
been handled, such as the harassment and ridicule of innocent civilians and military personnel,
the withholding of information from the public and Congress, etc.
• The US government possesses several ETS and the deceased bodies of several EBEs. While there
is evidence to strongly suggest that these agencies are attempting to reverse-engineer these
craft, such efforts have not been functionally successful, although a number of secondary and
partial 'discoveries' have resulted from this research.
• The nature or 'reality' of these craft and these beings has been incorrectly characterized by
some as belonging to 'another dimension or reality' from this dimension. Unfortunately, these
statements are made without fully considering what 'this reality is. A more correct
understanding of this is that the Full Spectrum of Reality is a singular, integrated one which may

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2661, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Comprehensive Assessment of The UFO/ET Phenomenon
Date:
Author:
Copyrght 1991
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
be perceived wholly or in its various aspects, such perception being entirely dependent on the
level of consciousness of the perceiver. The various aspects or 'dimensions' of this reality, which
are limitless in number, are not restricted to or by time and space as we know it commonly.
These beings and their craft belong to the same Reality as humans, however their advancement
in the realms of physical science and the science of consciousness has given them competence
in a broader aspect of the Full Spectrum of Reality than is usually experienced by humans. The
difference, then, is one of degree and not fundamental reality, since humans potentially have
access to all aspects of the Full Spectrum of Reality just as extraterrestrial beings do. These
differences are not insurmountable, nor are they truly fundamental; in fact they are relative and
only temporary. While these beings are utilizing and experiencing a broader aspect of the Full
Spectrum of Reality, so too can and will humans, for we are as 'inter-dimensional' by nature as
• ETS energy and 'propulsion' (or space transfer) systems utilize principles and laws of the physical
universe not yet fully appreciated by human science, and include:
a) gravity/anti-gravity and electromagnetic/gravity technology
b) space energy and so-called hyperdimensional energy systems
c) matter-energy inter-changeable technologies
d) possible Consciousness Assisted Technology(CAT) and Technology Assisted
Consciousness (TAC)
• Some if not all EBEs have advanced mental capabilities which include telepathy, precognition,
remote viewing and others, indicating that they have developed the 'science of consciousness'
to a degree which parallels or surpasses their advanced physical technologies. Humans also
possess these capabilities, but these remain largely undeveloped by most humans.
EBEs are more developed or advanced than humans in a number of respects, but are not
superior to humans as beings. Our point of unity and equality with EBEs is in our mutual
existence as conscious intelligent beings.
• While these various EBEs may have values and priorities which are different from those of some
20th century humans, their motives and ultimate intentions are non-hostile and do not include
the acquisition or subjugation of the Earth or its peoples (see below, "The Question of Intent").
The establishing of a lasting world peace and a just and effective world government is essential to the
long term ETI-human relationship.
THE QUESTION OF INTENT

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 2027, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Author:
Comprehensive Assessment of The UFO/ET Phenomenon
Copyrght 1991
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
While not minimizing the strange and startling aspects of this phenomenon which some humans have
experienced, our assessment of these visitors' motives and ultimate intentions, is that they are
decidedly non-hostile. Their primary operations and activities center around:
General reconnaissance of Earth and her societies
Military(especially nuclear) observation and assessment
Human social and psychological study and observation
Human medical, physiological and genetic research and observation
• Observation and assessment of human mental and spiritual development
Earth ecology research and documentation, including documentation of Earth life
systems, and mineral, plant, and animal specimens
• Observation of human technology and technological developments
• Observation, active monitoring and if necessary limitation of human space programs,
particularly those directed towards the nationalistic colonization of space
• Close and active monitoring of international conflicts and international relations
• Careful interaction with humans to convey certain information about themselves and to
accustom humans to their presence
Our assessment is that these activities are derived from several ultimate motives, which include:
1. Pure study and research of a rapidly developing intelligent species(human) during a time of
transition to a world community
2. A needed increase in ETI knowledge of world societies and human nature preparatory to future
significant interaction, which will be mutual in nature, and which will eventually culminate in the
introduction of Earth civilization into an inter-planetary network(this may require several
centuries to complete
3. Preparatory activities for continued readiness in the event that intervention is required during a
major world emergency, such as a large scale nuclear war; such interventions would be in the
protective form of -

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1748, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Comprehensive Assessment of The UFO/ET Phenomenon
Copyrght 1991
Author:
Document ID:
Steven M. Greer, MD
a) interception and destruction of Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBMs)
b) alteration of missile coordinates and readiness
c) emergency Earth based activities when and where warranted
The minimum intervention necessary would be used, with the intention being the preservation
of Earth as an inhabitable planet with adequate human resources remaining to sustain
intelligent life here.
4. Emergency intervention in the event of an environmental or geological catastrophe of world
wide dimensions
5. Preservation of Earth species, including human genetic preservation and/or augmentation as a
precaution in the event of a worst case scenario (see above).
6. Protection of space from hostile or military utilization by human national interests.
7. ETI self-protective interests, insofar as humans have a strong recent history of coupling marked
aggressiveness with rapid technological development; in this setting, monitoring and perhaps
even limiting human capabilities may be important to ETI security - Human evolution to world
peace, non-aggression and a world government would remove this motive as well as several of
the motives listed above
8. ETI short and long time goals related to the attainment of a significant human paradigm shift
from one of fragmentation/separation to one of unity, to include the unity of science and
religion, world political and eventual spiritual unity, and universal unity. This paradigm shift is
dependent on the development of human consciousness, which is of particular interest to ETI.
9. The preservation and advancement of intelligent life in the universe.
