{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:53:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 468907, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/25802-national-security-implications-of-the-ufo-eti-subject.pdf", "source_sha256": "18eed0cbca89ab7617493763c13e3615064a0644453d4e4e7691c5a26040bc7a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3555, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject
Date:
Revised:
© August 1995
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
A Brief Summary
National security implications of the UFO/ETI subject are profound and far-reaching, albeit currently
unrecognized
These implications may be considered in separate but related aspects: those intrinsic to extraterrestrial
activity and those arising from the current covert management of the issue.
Historical Background:
Early national security considerations dealt with concern over public panic arising from the detection of
near-earth and earth-landed extraterrestrial spacecraft (ETS) and from the technological implications of
advanced extraterrestrial material as it may impact the arms race and Cold War. Additional concerns
were related to the impact on religious belief systems, the political order and economic systems.
Importantly, once actual ETS were retrieved in 1947, thereby allowing extraterrestrial hardware to be
studied and back engineered for possible human military applications, the need for complete secrecy
regarding the matter was deemed paramount by authorities at that time. Given the tensions of the early
atomic era and the mounting 'Cold War' with the USSR, it is understandable that the introduction of
extraterrestrial technology was thought to be destabilizing to an already dangerous situation. Moreover,
given the history of technological secrets related to atomic and hydrogen weapons being stolen by
agents of the USSR, there was understandable concern that any technological breakthrough related to
extraterrestrial technology might find its way into Soviet hands. If such an event enabled the USSR to
produce actual military applications before the US, obviously this would have placed the US military
capability in a potentially catastrophic disadvantage.
Since the 1970's, we have reason to believe that a degree of cooperation on this matter has evolved
with the USSR and the US and perhaps other nations. Certainly, the end of the Cold War has largely
removed earlier concerns vis a vis technological breakthroughs and the fear of Soviet aggression.
Moreover, the psychological reasons for secrecy related to public panic are not valid today. At least 57%
of the population accept that UFOs are real and are of extraterrestrial origin. And 30-40 years of space
exploration by human society has prepared the population for the possible existence of other
extraterrestrial civilizations capable of space travel. In short, the previous concerns motivating secrecy
are not relevant today. Intrinsically, there is no reason to believe that the extraterrestrial presence pose
a threat to the national or world security. If hostility and aggression were related to their purpose here,
it is likely that events congruent with hostility would have transpired long before now. It is our
assessment that the extraterrestrials are not hostile but are very concerned with human capability
related to warfare and the militarization of space. Activity by extraterrestrial assets related to the
neutralization of ICBM facilities and to containing military-oriented space exploration should be
understood in light of their concern over a known history of human aggression which has been coupled
with the advent of weapons of mass destruction and space exploration. Indeed, given the past history of
human military assets focusing on and pursuing extraterrestrial spacecraft, we believe the
extraterrestrials have responded with remarkable restraint.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3578, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject
Date:
Revised:
© August 1995
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
Ironically, the threat to national security exists not with the extraterrestrial presence, but the current
covert management of the subject. In the absence of extraterrestrial hostility over 50 years, current
secrecy cannot be justified on the basis of fear of extraterrestrial aggression. A disclosure related to the
extraterrestrial presence, if calmly and rationally presented, will not cause panic in the USA or
elsewhere. 1995 is not 1945, and world society has evolved to the point where this information can be
assimilated in a positive fashion.
In contrast, the covert and apparently extra-constitutional management of this matter is a real threat to
national and world security and undermines constitutional freedom and democracy. Unless it is
terminated, this covert management will greatly harm US national security and the chances of a lasting
world peace.
Assessment:
It is our assessment that the current covert management of this issue involves the following elements
which are a direct, immediate and ongoing threat to the national security.
1. The continued denial of the extraterrestrial presence creates a situation where a sudden, undeniable
public extraterrestrial event could induce panic, since proactive disclosure efforts which could
ameliorate public fears are non-existent. It is likely that such a public extraterrestrial event will transpire
within the next 2-10 years or sooner. Therefore, secrecy and denial are a real threat to national and
world security.
2. The current covert management of this issue appears to be operating independently and outside of
the constitutional chain of command. The group controlling these operations, which involves
reconnaissance, extraterrestrial technology back-engineering, and space-based targeting of ETS (among
others) is non-responsive to congressional or Executive Branch oversight and control. This constitutes a
real and grave threat to national security and to constitutional democracy and freedom.
3. We have credible, first-hand sources who insist that extraterrestrial spacecraft have been targeted by
human covert space weapons and on at least two occasions have been destroyed. If true, the risks to
world peace and security are real and imminent, and the continuation of these covert activities
constitute the gravest dangers to national and world security. Hostile actions taken by human covert
assets against extraterrestrial assets constitute a grave and immediate threat to the national security. A
relatively small, covert entity, acting without consultation with the United Nations, the Congress, the
President of the United States, or the public is engaging in actions on behalf of all humans which
endanger the earth and world peace. Unless controlled, these actions could precipitate interplanetary
conflict and a disaster for the world generally and the United States specifically. This covert
management must be terminated, and control of this issue returned to constitutional authority and to
public domain.
4. The concentration of the technological advances related to the back-engineering of extraterrestrial
technology into the hands of a small covert operation constitutes a grave and immediate threat to the
national security, to world security, and to the future of the earth. These extraterrestrial technologies,
which have been the object of covert research and development for over 45 years, are potentially of

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 572, "chars": 3871, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject
Date:
Revised:
© August 1995
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
great benefit to humanity if used wisely for peaceful purposes but are of immense danger when
concentrated into a small covert operation which is unresponsive to the public or the legal and
constitutional chain of command. The threat this poses to the US and world security is great, and the
longer this situation continues, the greater the concentration of advanced technological power in the
hands of a relative few. The secret control of such powerful technologies is inherently a threat to
freedom, democracy, and to our nation and the world. Its utilization for covert agendas outside
constitutional control represents a grave danger to the US and must be restrained and reversed
5. Importantly, secrecy and covert operatives per se constitute a real threat to the national security
since national security in a constitutional democracy can only be legitimately related to freedom and
democratic government. Only in very rare and well- justified circumstances can extreme secrecy and
covert operations exist, since by nature freedom and democracy cannot coexist with unrestrained
secrecy and secret power. The profound implications of the detection of extraterrestrial civilizations
cannot be allowed to be the exclusive domain of covert operations which are unrelated to public
discourse and consultation. To do so is to undermine the US Constitution, democracy and freedom, and
this constitutes a real and grave threat to national security.
6. Finally, exclusive covert control of this matter has resulted and continues to result in the loss of
opportunity for the world to come to terms with the extraterrestrial presence in a peaceful and mutually
beneficial fashion. This means that the people of the world, the United Nations and other international
and national institutions are deprived of the opportunity to deal rationally with this issue. National and
world security are therefore negatively impacted by the loss of opportunities in the following areas:
The environment, which is seriously at risk for large-scale collapse over the next 100 years, would be
profoundly improved if extraterrestrial technologies could be peacefully deployed. So-called zero point
or free energy systems, which are non-polluting, would permit a sustainable technological civilization to
exist on earth and would transform the earth environmentally and economically. Establishing peaceful
and mutually beneficial relations with extraterrestrial civilizations would eventually permit us to
understand and apply such technologies.
World unity and peace will be enhanced by the global realization that we are not alone in the universe.
The acknowledgement of this fact will enhance the awareness that we are really one people living on
the shared homeland of earth, and many of the conflicts currently afflicting the earth will be seen in a
new perspective. This can be achieved without either deifying or demonizing the extraterrestrial
presence, but rather placing it in a fair, scientific, and neutral light. Eventually, world peace and a
significant enhancement in the current geopolitical situation may result from the disclosure that we are
not alone. An international infrastructure, and institutions capable of dealing peacefully with relations
with extraterrestrial civilizations would, of necessity, evolve, and this in turn would strengthen world
unity and cooperation.
World culture, ideas, science and many other diverse areas may benefit through the development of
peaceful relations with other worlds. While this process may take decades, if not centuries, its delay
only puts off the time when the people of the earth will be united not only globally, but with other
planetary civilizations as well.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 131, "chars": 812, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject
Date:
Revised:
© August 1995
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M. Greer, MD
In summary, it is imperative to the national security that the President and Congress undertake
measures to terminate the secret, covert management of the UFO/ETI subject. Failure to place this
matter in open, public discourse and control constitutes the gravest failure of democracy and
government in the history of the world. That we do this is a test of our faith in democracy and our faith
in the people. As the 21st century approaches, we must roll up the cancerous excesses of secrecy which
are the legacy of the Cold War and unfurl a new era wherein democracy is reaffirmed, and a lasting
world peace is given a chance.
Steven M. Greer, M.D.
