{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:56:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 544701, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/25929-united-states-government-versus-illegal-secret-government-strategic-technology-disadvantages.pdf", "source_sha256": "3927b8bd0afba719d828305cdbc2b0ad7b340df13d93bc06f5c202419046103b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2955, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
United States Government Versus Illegal Secret
Government - Strategic Technology Disadvantages
Date:
July 5,2023
Author:
Document ID:
Steven M Greer, MD
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT VERSUS ILLEGAL SECRET GOVERNMENT —STRATEGIC TECHNOLOGY
DISADVANTAGES
BRIEFING FOR US GOVERNMENT
The constitutional United States Government (USG) needs detailed information on rogue
unconstitutional Illegal Secret Government (ISG) UAP/UFO and related technologies in order to properly
investigate and ultimately control by all means necessary the now imminent danger of the ISG.
BACKGROUND:
ISG projects have benefited from approximately 80 years of research and development and trillions of
dollars related to Advanced Technology (AT) UFO/UAP objects. This includes two primary pathways:
1. Development of highly classified human breakthroughs in physics, electromagnetic field energy and
propulsion systems, material science and medical and biomedical technology. These technologies have
been run through unsanctioned projects, and without supervision of the USG. These include still -
classified technologies from the late 1800s through today.
2. Reverse engineering of downed extraterrestrial vehicles (ETVs) since the mid-1940s through today.
These ISG dual pathways, while highly compartmented, have resulted in applied technologies that have
been developed into AT reconnaissance, surveillance, fixed and mobile weapon systems and AT craft
that are extremely advanced. The USG is unfortunately, many decades behind and orders of magnitude
disadvantaged technologically versus the ISG.
This technology gap must be factored into any plans going forward by the Congress, Pentagon, White
House and other USG agencies related to UAP/UFO investigations and actions. Failure to do so is very
likely to result in catastrophic consequences for the USG, the American people and the world.
The ISG, beginning in the mid-1950s, achieved substantial breakthroughs in energy and propulsion,
electromagnetic weapons and surveillance systems and other technologies that neutralize conventional
signals intelligence and USG security protocols completely.
The ISG weapon systems and AT craft are now so advanced and unsupervised as to present an urgent
national security threat far exceeding the current threat matrix of China, Russia, Iran, North Korea and
others. They certainly exceed the threat from nuclear weapons.
Beginning in the late 1950s to early 1960s, these ATs have been used in numerous deceptive indications
and warnings (false flag operations) simulating "alien threats" including abductions, mutilations and
mass UFO sightings actuated by ISG AT craft (manmade UFOS). These are used for psychological warfare
purposes to indoctrinate the public and media to an extraterrestrial threat that absolutely does not exist
against humanity or the Earth. However, these ET civilizations, now targeted by these ISG weapons that
Page 1 of 3

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3104, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
United States Government Versus Illegal Secret
Government - Strategic Technology Disadvantages
Date:
July 5, 2023
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M Greer, MD
use faster than the speed of light scalar electromagnetic weapons, will not likely permit further
targeting.
These crises must be resolved quickly, or an existential catastrophe is likely to occur.
The ISG has had AT assets of various types to convincingly stage a false "alien attack" on Earth. These
capabilities existed since the mid-1960s onwards and all indicators show the ISG is preparing to execute
this plan imminently. This capability must be neutralized immediately by any and all means necessary.
To achieve this, the USG must understand the network and technological advantages of the ISG. Unless
these technologies are accounted for comprehensively, any actions by the USG are almost certainly
likely to fail and end in catastrophe. Knowledge is power.
ISG TECHNOLOGIES NOT POSSESSED BY THE USG:
1. Trans-dimensional and scalar electromagnetic surveillance systems that completely negate USG SCIF
protections, encryption or any other currently used systems by the NSA, CIA, NRO, Pentagon, White
House, Congress and all other agencies.
This means any USG meetings, planning sessions and SECOPS are fully penetrated by the ISG. This must
be factored up-front for any planned actions. It must be assumed that these plans will be known in real-
time even if the best security is in place. This includes even non- electromagnetic communications (in-
person conversations) and communications in SCIFS and deep underground military bases (DUMBs).
2. ISG aircraft/spacecraft are many orders of magnitude more capable that the B2 stealth bomber and
even advanced 'black' aerospace assets that use jets, rockets or any other conventional propulsion
systems, including nuclear.
The ISG vehicles are electromagnetic-gravitic field propulsion that are silent, create no sonic boom, need
no fuel payload and can move non-linearly and at speeds in the hundreds of thousands of miles per
hour.
The USG has no airborne assets to match these. However, specialized EMP (electromagnetic pulse)
weapons can completely disable these vehicles.
3. ISG weapons systems include scalar weapons, EMP weapons, and full cloaking and holographic
technologies to completely hide locations, bases and assets, even in full daylight. The ISG also has land,
air, sea and space-based reconnaissance, tracking and weapon systems that utilize these AT systems and
would be used against the USG. A satellite-based system exists that can target any volume of space and
electromagnetically neutralize all USG aircraft in the target zone. To my knowledge, the USG lacks an
effective counter-measure to these weapon systems.
4. ISG human assets are embedded in all aspects and levels of the USG and are used in disinformation
operations, counterintelligence, sabotage of government initiatives and corrupt targeting of government
officials with threats, blackmail and bribery schemes. When needed, targeted killings are employed
Page 2 of 3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2509, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
United States Government Versus Illegal Secret
Government - Strategic Technology Disadvantages
Date:
July 5, 2023
Document ID:
Author:
Steven M Greer, MD
(usually appearing as accidents, suicide or sudden medically related deaths). Remote technologies exist
to affect these outcomes. These are obviously people who are masked and trained to pass as USG
regular officials, etc.
5. Biological weapons, as well as convincing fake alien life forms, have been created to engage in
deceptive operations. These are indistinguishable from some actual ET species and therefore are
effective in diversion operations and psychological warfare operations.
6. Teleportation, consciousness-technological interface systems and inter-dimensional technologies
exist to further confuse ET events with ISG staged events. What appear to be terrifying ET life forms are
often actually phenomena created by these technologies derived from other dimensions not
extraterrestrial.
7. USG control over the ISG program can be achieved by using best-available technology and careful
strategic and tactical planning, combined with insider human assets and the rapid acquisition of ISG
assets that can then be used to control ISG OPERATIONS.
A major wild card is that the ISG can quickly activate their false flag operations at any moment. The USG
senior leadership - Congress, the White House, Supreme Court, Pentagon, etc. must be made aware of
ISG plans and capabilities so that they are not taken by surprise and manipulated into actions
detrimental to our national security. It would be easy to deceive the USG without a detailed briefing
provided prior to operations. This needs to be done immediately.
Another factor is the complete penetration of the media and tech sector and social media by ISG
assets. This is clearly operational. All significant media are completely penetrated and are used, on this
subject, as information warfare assets. These are currently being stood up hard and will become more
operational quickly to support ISG long term strategic objectives, which includes a global centralization
of power. This is for another discussion but runs to the ultimate reasons for the existence of the
ISG. Briefly, it is to subvert democracy and freedom and create a controlled global population that,
through terror and psychological warfare strategies, gives up significant power and their freedoms to
the group.
This must be resisted at all costs.
Steven M Greer, MD.
Page 3 of 3
