{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T02:59:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 506996, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/27944-recommended-address-to-the-world-regarding-uap-nhi.pdf", "source_sha256": "f1ffc920e4ef4b0e937f2ea0a5119141442f49785ad8847edb5bdb0f0cbb5655"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2932, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
RECOMMENDED ADDRESS TO THE WORLD REGARDING UAP/NHI
© December 2024
Document ID:
Author:
27944
Steven M. Greer, MD
RECOMMENDED ADDRESS TO THE WORLD REGARDING UAP/NHI
My fellow Countrymen and all the citizens of Earth:
It has come to our attention that Extraterrestrial civilizations of great technological advancement have
been visiting the Earth for some time.
While their presence likely dates from very ancient times, the modern era since WW I has seen a large
increase in sightings and interactions with these advanced life forms and their spacecraft.
It must be emphasized that they appear to pose no threat to humanity or Earth, but instead are quite
concerned about our own unchecked war-making capabilities and violence, combined with our early
attempts at the exploration of space.
Since the dawn of the nuclear era, these Extraterrestrial civilizations have made concerted efforts to do
reconnaissance at all known space and nuclear facilities. In some cases, these facilities have been
penetrated by ET craft and our nuclear missiles rendered inoperable. Such incursions appear designed to
warn us not to use these world-destroying nuclear weapons and are not acts of hostility.
They also appear concerned with the rapid decay of our biosphere and environment and the extinction of
many species on Earth.
Since World War II, there have been extremely secretive and mostly illegal programs studying the energy,
communication, and propulsion systems of these ET Civilizations. We are currently in the process of
correcting these illegal operations and ensuring their proper oversight.
It is time for us to disclose these momentous scientific findings to you.
These technologies have the potential- if used only for peaceful purposes- to give us a new and sustainable
civilization on Earth - free of poverty and pollution and with abundant low-cost energy within a generation.
These technologies will greatly advance the world economy and create boundless growth and
opportunities previously undreamed of.
However, if used for destructive and violent purposes these same technologies could end our civilization.
The time has arrived for the truth to be known: we are not alone in the universe. It is time for humanity to
become a mature, peaceful civilization and take its place in the cosmos with other advanced peoples from
other star systems.
To this end, I call on the world community, other world leaders and all the people of Earth to come
together and begin a new golden age on Earth.
We must make open, peaceful contact and initiate diplomatic ties to these other worlds. We must do this
as all the children of Earth and not just one nation. All nations and people of Earth must be represented
and empowered in this process.
We must formally commit to keeping all weapons out of space and going only into space for peaceful
purposes that benefit all of humanity.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1591, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. STEVEN GREER
WWW.DRSTEVENGREER.COM
Date:
Revised:
RECOMMENDED ADDRESS TO THE WORLD REGARDING UAP/NHI
© December 2024
Document ID:
Author:
27944
Steven M. Greer, MD
We must bring forth these advanced energy and propulsion technologies so that the world's environment
and people benefit. We must all agree to never allow these new technologies to be used as weapons of
war.
And we must commit amongst ourselves that if any nation or group attempts to use these technologies for
violent or destructive purposes, every nation and people on Earth will rise up to immediately stop it.
We face a choice: If we do nothing, our environment and civilization will degrade and we may face
extinction. If we use this new knowledge and science for war and destruction we will also surely perish. But
if we establish a world of peace and security, humanity can now advance as a civilization that is
sustainable, just and worthy of exploring the universe.
This is the singular and greatest challenge of our time: to establish world peace, and to create a new
sustainable civilization. Once we have achieved this foundation of peace, prosperity and justice, we have
learned that these other worlds will welcome us into the cosmos with open arms and hearts.
So, my fellow Countrymen and citizens of Earth, let us work together to achieve this destiny for humanity:
An enlightened, peaceful world that joins her place among the other people of the cosmos.
For this is the only possible good future for humanity. It is time for us to unite as a people and create that
good future - Now.
Dr. Steven M. Greer
