{"created_utc": "2026-08-26T12:34:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 121288, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/29363-how-to-avoid-winning-the-battle-and-losing-the-war-1-7-2026-redacted.pdf", "source_sha256": "7d7c21a6dccfd8668bbe5db3443b7d8c30bf4e46c9cdf228b8a0dcd1ffb49f3a"}

“How to Avoid Winning the Battle and Losing the War”

                       By Dr. Steven Greer January 7, 2026

It appears that official UAP disclosure in some form will be taking place in the
relatively near future. Assuming this is the case, the biggest problem facing the
world is the information psychological warfare of those who control and have
access to the organs of communication to the public.

As we have documented for over 30 years in all media, legacy as well as digital
and podcasts, once they reach a certain audience size, they are waived off,
threatened or otherwise induced to only feature disinformation operatives in the
coverage of the subject. They universally present it as an “alien threat” and also
cover up the human technology behind many of the frightening “alien events”.

Since these operatives, which will be listed below, are actually working on behalf
of a trans-national criminal organization - TNCO, they are part of a criminal
conspiracy and should be treated as such by federal law enforcement.

If these individuals and their lackeys in the media are not checked, disclosure
will happen, but it will be worse than the era of secrecy, because it will pivot the
world on a war footing and panic so that the totalitarian global interest can
consolidate power. This has been the objective for at least 70 years of this
corrupt organization.

Many people will view this as social and political disagreements in the UFO
community - they would be dead wrong. The good people who have and know
the truth, are not allowed in the larger media forums to tell the truth, due to the
corrupting influence of this TNCO across all forms of media.

While taking on that beast is very difficult, investigating and targeting the tip of
the spear mouthpieces are not. Over the past 35 years, I have seen different
players come and go who are NOCs (non-official covers) for this corrupt
enterprise. They are afforded prominent and full access to mainstream media


                                          1
• Many were involved with
          which was a scheme to defraud the United States government full
  stop. The documents in our possession and the gaslighting conclusions they
  reach can prove this.


•                  and               and perhaps others have repeatedly, based on
    direct conversations with members of Congress, falsely stated that I am a
    Russian foreign agent or Mossad foreign agent in an attempt to divert
    attention away from information the substantial material and whistleblowers
    we have and to corrupt federal investigations. In speaking to an attorney about
    this, I have been assured that these are serious felonies; each occurrence was
    aimed at thwarting legitimate constitutional inquiries by making false serious
    claims that I was a foreign operative.


• We also know from recent conversations from a confidential informant, that
           and perhaps others have been involved in criminal, fraudulent
  schemes financially and we are in the process of debriefing the principle of
  one of those companies that has been victimized.

What all this means is those that have been hand-picked and given full access
to media, who are these corrupt individuals, need to be investigated and
stopped. If this does not happen, there will be an overwhelming chorus and
drumbeat towards conflict, war and an external threat from space, the
consequences of which are dire and could lead to the termination of human
civilization.

Therefore, I think the investigation needs to be widened into the public sphere of
those who are operating on behalf of this criminal organization, while at the
same time pursuing covert operatives and whistleblowers as we have been.

We should remember that Al Capone was taken down and put in prison for tax
violations, not for the numerous gang-style murders and crimes he had
committed. A criminal forensic accountant needs to look at their finances and

                                          3
operations and business dealings and will no doubt find that there is an ongoing
pattern of a corrupt organization.

The team should not be persuaded that this is simply a public dispute and
politics in Ufology. This organization and their operatives are the tip of the spear
of directing disclosure in a fashion that would be catastrophic for our Nation, for
the world and humanity and therefore should be taken very seriously.

I will point out that this game has been played since the 1950s at least. It is how
the coverup has successfully been maintained. Remember that the President,
members of Congress, U.S. attorneys and judges are all political animals and
are slaves to public opinion. If we lose the PR and information war, then we will
have lost the entire war no matter how successful we fought in the battle for
disclosure.

I believe that if the low hanging fruit, people like            and a few others
would be properly investigated and interrogated in order to avoid criminal
prosecution they will trade up and sing like a bird. This should begin
immediately.

On a parallel track, information provided to the Executive Branch, POTUS Office
of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), and key members of Congress
needs to increasingly point out by evidence obtained, the nefarious motives of
these people. Unfortunately, due to secrecy and extreme compartmentalization,
these key political leaders who are constitutionally in charge of the U.S.
government, have a paucity of information and perspective and are sitting ducks
for this disinformation narrative of threat and the need for war and conflict with
non-human intelligence (NHI). Therefore, a similar effort aimed at properly
educating these figures with proof that these individuals are in fact operating
criminally and nefariously, would neutralize their message. This needs to be
done in the next few months if we have any chance of diverting the false
disclosure that Wernher Von Braun warned about in 1974.


                                         4
From a historical perspective, there is proof that the same tactic has been used
to instigate or expand conflict in the past. In Vietnam, the Gulf of Tonkin incident
was staged or exaggerated for psychological warfare purposes so that there
would be a huge public outcry from the American people, which led to President
Johnson feeling he had no choice but to greatly expand the Vietnam war, which
lead to that quagmire and debacle.

Similarly, 911 was allowed to happen and orchestrated by Vice President Dick
Cheney and his associates, and the ensuing outrage led to wars throughout the
Middle East for over 20 years resulting in countless deaths and trillions of dollars
lost. Hereto the American people, their Representatives and President were
manipulated into actions that were deleterious to the world and in the long-term
to our National Security by the same clique of TNCO operatives.

And then there was Covid, which was a biowarfare weapon designed to spread
like wildfire and prompt and experiment to see if these totalitarian global
interests centered in the U.S., China and elsewhere, could seize control through
fear of public policy, basic human rights and freedoms and the issuing of
irrational edicts from governments which actually only worsened the pandemic.

It was their beta testing of the levers of control needed to control the populace
through fear and emergency orders and powers in preparation for the false
disclosure which is imminent. The conveyance to the public of an “alien threat”
would induce global panic and chaos and emergency suspension of human
rights and freedoms, that would make Covid look like nothing. A friend of the
President has admitted to me that he realizes he was played by those interests
in the policies of 2020 with the onset of the Covid pandemic. Being deceived
again on the UAP/NHI issue would be 1000 times worse.


                                         5
