{"created_utc": "2026-08-26T08:22:13Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 103664, "source_file": "Steven-Greer-Document-Library/documents/29690-unod-6-29-26-media-copy-redacted.pdf", "source_sha256": "78f5ee296730b6ec4e53d8a8ad45304b899661af00710e78acd5783efea89dd7"}

June 29, 2026

To:
President Donald J. Trump
The Honorable J.D. Vance, Vice President
The Honorable Marco Rubio, Secretary of State
The Honorable Pete Hegseth, Secretary of War
The Honorable Todd Blanche, Acting Attorney General
The Honorable Sean Duffy, Secretary of Transportation
The Honorable Bill Pulte, Acting Director of DNI
The Honorable John Ratcliffe, Director of CIA
The Honorable Kash Patel, Director of FBI
The Honorable General Joshua M. Rudd, Director of NSA
The Honorable Dr. Chris Scolese, Director of NRO
The Honorable General Don Caine, Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
The Honorable Jared Isaacman, Administrator of NASA
The Honorable Michael Johnson, Speaker of the House
The Honorable John Thune, Senate Majority Leader
The Honorable Chuck Schumer, Senate Minority Leader
The Honorable Jack Reed, Ranking Member, Senate Armed Services
The Honorable Roger Wicker, Chairman, Senate Armed Services Committee
The Honorable Mark Warner, Vice Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
The Honorable Tom Cotton, Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
The Honorable Mike Rounds
The Honorable Hakeem Jeffries, House Minority Leader
The Honorable Stephen Lynch
The Honorable Jim Himes, Ranking Member, House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence
The Honorable Rick Crawford, Chairman, House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence
The Honorable Raja Krishnamoorthi
The Honorable Tim Burchett
The Honorable Lauren Boebert
The Honorable Nancy Mace
The Honorable James Comer, Chairman, House Oversight Committee
The Honorable Jasmine Crockett, Ranking Member, Task Force on the Declassification
of Federal Secrets
The Honorable Eli Crane
The Honorable Maxwell Frost
The Honorable Robert Garcia, Ranking Member, House Oversight Committee
The Honorable Summer Lee
The Honorable Chairwoman Anna Paula Luna, Chairwoman, Task Force on the
Declassification of Federal Secrets
The Honorable Eric Burlison
The Honorable Brandon Gill
The Honorable Dave Min

                                         1
From: Steven M. Greer, M.D., Director of The Disclosure Project

Re: Planned Release of Further UAP/UFO Evidence

The Disclosure Project is in the process of soliciting and anticipate we may receive
dispositive evidence and proof regarding UAPs, UFOs, Extraterrestrial Intelligence and
covert programs related to them. We can prove that the legal Constitutional
government of the United States has been subverted by various agencies and
corporations for decades and that these activities include: large embezzlement of
funds, treason, murder, kidnappings and abductions, human and child trafficking or
other crimes both in the United States and abroad.

We have debriefed over 800 whistleblowers over the last 35 years and have
documented these crimes. Evidence of these criminal activities have been handed
over to a confidential task force of the over the last 3 years. These files and cases
have also been provided to key members of Congress including Senate Intelligence
Committee, Senate Armed Services and House Oversight Committee members as well
as key White House and Presidential advisors such as Stephen Miller.

It is has been our conclusion since the mid 1990s (see attached letter) that the various
compartmented operations within government and within corporate contractors for the
U.S. Government have been run completely illegally and therefore they have forfeited
all national security law protections. Since these programs themselves are illegal and
unconstitutional, they cannot cite the National Security Act or any laws of the United
States to further protect and hide evidence, information, documents or materiel. This
became quite clear to me in December of 1993 when the director of the CIA under
President Bill Clinton assured me in person that neither he nor the President had
access to these projects and in fact had been actively denied access.

This was subsequently confirmed to be the case with senior members of Congress, the
Chair of the Oversight Committee Dan Burton, members of the Senate Intelligence
Committee such as Richard Bryan of Nevada and other members of Congress.
Furthermore, the Director of the Defense Intelligence agency, 3-star General Patrick
Hughes, and the head of intelligence, J2 for the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Tom
Wilson were also denied access and threatened because they inquired into the subject.
The list of senior officials in government from the President on down who have been
denied access, threatened or otherwise blocked from any access to these projects is
extensive. This proves the illegal and unconstitutional nature of the programs related to
UAP/UFO research and technology.

We have learned there are legitimate, legal top-secret operations attached to these
illegal projects that are hidden within the legal ones. Any inadvertent release of legal
top-secret, compartmented national security projects or information is the liability of
those criminally responsible for commingling the criminal projects with the legal ones.
We assume no liability for this trickery or this technique that has been used to hide

                                            2
illegal projects within legal operations. Our position is that the very use of that
technique to hide a criminal enterprise, renders all attached projects liable for
disclosure and criminal prosecution and those who are disclosing that information have
no legal liability whatsoever. All liability rests with the offending criminal project for
jeopardizing legitimate national security secrets of legal projects by using this trickery.

Therefore, unless otherwise directed within 60 days from the date of this letter, we shall
proceed to solicit further hard evidence and release it publicly and we are immunized
from any prosecution under national security laws or violations. An explicit letter must
be received by me no later than August 29, 2026 in writing from an authorized official in
the U.S. Government that contradicts this assessment. If they contradict this
assessment, we will challenge it, since we can prove these programs are being run
criminally.

In order to protect the Constitutional government of the United States this information
must be disclosed to the public fully and truthfully, including the existence of man-
made UAPs based on reverse-engineering Extraterrestrial vehicles. These man-made
craft have been and are being used in a wide range of domestic and international
criminal operations including drug running, human trafficking, arms trade and other
criminal behavior.

For this reason, while we agree that the schematics and operating plans for these craft
should not be disclosed, their existence must be, and their use in criminal activities has
resulted in their forfeiting any protections under the national security laws or
classification system. We have been advised by constitutional attorneys over the
years, that this assessment and interpretation of the law and the Constitution is
correct. We have been in contact with covert operatives working under non-official
cover (NOC) who possess dispositive evidence of biologicals, Extraterrestrial bodies,
Extraterrestrial space craft that have been downed, the use of illegal, electromagnetic
pulse weapons that have targeted these craft and the existence of man-made UFOs
that are and have been used in criminal enterprises. We will be asking these contacts
to provide to us all evidence they possess and we will release it to the public without
redactions, except technical information that could lead to the creation of an operating
man-made craft.

Since neither the Congress nor the Office of the President nor the Pentagon have to
date released any substantive evidence, and instead have made a mockery of
disclosure with the UAP Science Advisory Council with             and others and
          on the National Security Council staff, we feel we must proceed with this plan
unilaterally in the interest of the Nation.

We will also be recommending that contacts in other countries also release hard
evidence, since the United States has failed to act in a meaningful way over the past
last 35 years of the Disclosure Project's efforts.


                                            3
