{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-08-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2549,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5484841.json","updb_database_id":5484841}
{jpg} I was a teen hanging with friends one summer night atfter dusk and it went over our heads at about 20 mph. I heard no sound but others may remember differently.

I was a teen hanging with friends one summer night atfter dusk and it went over our heads at about 20 mph. I heard no sound but others may remember differently. It appeared triangular because it had three lights, one red round one in the front and two oval yellow ones in the rear. It was about 200ft in the air I believe it was black or something because I don't remember seeing stars through it. It came from the north above the power lines and higher than the trees but we didn't notice it until it was practically overhead(someone called out to look up)we all looked at it as it traveled south. It seemed to go right down the street. I decided to run home to get my camera, and sadly I could not find it. By the time I returned outside everyone was down the street and returning back towards me. I was told it continued over the Niagara River out of sight. I lived near the USAF in Niagara Falls, where Bell Aerospace was located at. We all thought maybe it was government but I called the air force base and they claimed to know nothing. I kind of forgot about it or did not want to talk about it. Now years later it has been bugging me. It was probably a secret balloon or something but I wanted to tell my story. I do not know where all the other witnesses are now and reluctant to give names. One last thing; it was so long ago I might have the wrong year.
  I also had a weird encounter in the summer of 2012 around midnight. I swear I saw a large dark feline run across the street as I drove down a street. It looked to be the size of a great-dane or bigger and it bounded past in like three jumps.
  If you contact me by e-mail I may respond. I am unsure how to handle this. I am uncomfortable with certain situations. Maybe you get so many reports this may just be filed away! Thank you.
