{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-01-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2434,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5485841.json","updb_database_id":5485841}
Very large circular object sailed right over my head.

Was standing at my back door on the deck having a quick smoke before movie stated at midnight. I live in the country with only farms around me. I heard the clock strike midnight and when I went to put my cigarette out I noticed a weird light and looked up.

Almost directly above the house a huge circular object was moving from front of house to back of house in straight line. It was so close it felt like I could almost touch it. It had lights around the bottom edge and they were blinking or pulsating in sequence. That is when I noticed there was absolutely no sound coming from this object whatsoever. It moved slowly but almost seemed more like it was floating. I knew from living near an airport that for an object this size (200 ft around minimum) it was impossible not to make any sound at all and that is when a fair bit of fear started to come over me. 

I have a big willow tree behind the deck, but because it was winter I could see it as it moved directly over the house heading north, then over the back field and beyond the trees.

The guy living with me at the time was sitting on the couch waiting for movie to start and I motioned for him to come over and hurry as there was something outside. but I was also trying to be quiet as I was scared, so he didn't seem overly interested. However, when I became more insistent and said there was a UFO he finally came to back door and looked. I believe he saw it just as it went over the tree line (only for maybe 20 0r 30 seconds)

I never reported this as didn't have a desire to be labelled a weirdo. I live not to far from an airforce base, so thought perhaps it was perhaps a secret aircraft or something. I did search the web for pictures of spy drones, experimental planes etc. but found nothing that resembled it.
