{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5282841.json","updb_database_id":5282841}
Contact & Communication with Entity

Weather conditions: Warm, clear skies, sun setting across the valley to west.

After weeks of a persistent compelling feeling to see / recognize something outside, I walked out onto my balcony overlooking the Las Vegas Valley ( Nevada ), still unable to ascertain what I was supposed to be seeing, I turned to go back inside and there in the air before me ( at about a 40-degree angle upwards ) was a luminous being. it was a distinctive head and shoulders with a tapering "body" below. It was a warm, white color with sparkling purple & pink hues in its core. There was nothing ominous or oppressive in presence or presentation, nor any intuitive threat or sense of danger. I experienced a warmth and kindness radiation from it.

As I stood watching the entity, it spoke to me telepathically and said, "Look Again".

So I turned and looked again at the Las Vegas Strip and the whole valley basin before me. It was then that sharp, white "pops" of light ( like an old flashbulb ) sequentially shot up from a number of locations in the valley, one right after the next, and I followed them as they moved north up The Strip and out across the valley. With each flash of light I was given very precise information by the enitity behind me. After the whole series of flashes was done, a final exceptionally large flash emitted skyward from the WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS SIGN. And yet again, I had been telepathically given very specific information.

I then turned once more to face the entity still hovering in the air before me, at which time I telepathically said to it, " I don't know how to do this". It then replied by saying, "Make your work your life and it will be done". 

It then told me three "rules" that I must follow:

1.) Hurt No One.
2.) Wait until ( name ) has passed. We wish to bring them no harm or stress. ( This person has since passed away. )
3.) Prophet / Profit from this. ( While I still wrestle with which word was intended, the benevolent nature of the entity and my basic instinct tells me it was "prophet".

I agreed to the rules, then I experienced another massive "download" of information covering a range of relevant matters pertaining to myself, my mission and the contents thereof.

After this understanding and exchange, the entity bid me farewell and slowly proceeded to condense in volume from a life-sized hear, shoulders and tapering "body" into the very distinct shape of a sword hanging inverted in the air before me. This sword glowed with an even more intense white-hot glow, before fading away over approximately 30 - 45 seconds, leaving me standing alone on my balcony.
