{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-25 03:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2399,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5489841.json","updb_database_id":5489841}
{jpg} 4 star like objects, 1 apearing to get longer and turning red while the others stayed white and were in pairs and appearing to mimic each other.

I was laying in the bed trying to go back to sleep watching what I thought was an airplane through my bedroom window (it was bright like a star and seemed to blink) it was about to disappear out of my view and the thing started going the opposite direction and the "star" that was near it started moving the same direction with it! no kidding! They were going side to side while moving, then up and down, kinda like a circular pattern, then the second one stopped and the first one caught up to it and they both just sat there in the sky and didn't move anymore except to "dance" in a circular motion next to each other. The one on the right appeared to just stop completely and stayed still while the other continued its "dance".

The hair on the back of my neck stood straight up! That's when I saw two more like them on the opposite side of my yard over the tree tops and they got side by side, then the one on the right appeared to change to a long skinny shape and red in color, took off while the one just stayed there, doing the same pattern and dimming to nearly nothing and getting bright again, it did that several times. I watched until it finally dimmed and disappeared, then I looked over to where the other was and it had disappeared too.

I tried to go outside to see them closer before they left to get some video with my camera but my dog started barking when I started opening the door. I stopped, he stopped. When I tried to go out again, he barked harshly at me, as if to say NO! so I stopped and he settled down. He stayed right at my bedroom window after that, watching and growling.

He was fine after they disappeared.
