{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-09 05:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3193,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5548841.json","updb_database_id":5548841}
Oval shaped anomaly in the southern New Mexico sky.

I don1t know if this is the right place to submit this request but I1m going to try. I1m searching for someone who can help me find a reliable source to help explain something that I saw that I will describe as an anomaly in the sky. At 5:05 am MDT on Monday, July 9th, 2007. I was outside facing the west in the early morning darkness when I saw an object move across the sky from south to north. It is impossible to judge the size of this object because I didn1t have a frame of reference for depth of field. It did give me a feeling of impossibly large however. It was also traveling at a speed that would be impossibly fast as far as what aircraft known to me would be able to travel. It went from horizon to horizon in six to eight seconds. It was football shaped or oval on the horizontal and had no noticeable trail behind it nor tail of any kind. If I were to try to describe the size I would have to say that it appeared about the size of the way we would see the fool moon only in the oval shape. It was very bright blue/indigo in color with a slight fringe of a lighter almost cream color on its perimeter and was obviously emitting it1s own light and was not a reflection of any kind. As it passed rather low in the western sky from my observation point in southern New Mexico it seemed to have a path that followed the curvature of the earth and not rising in altitude nor was it falling like a meteor might be expected to do when entering the earth1s atmosphere. As it left my field of view then it appeared to be traveling at about 5 to 15 points north. I am not a UFO enthusiast and have no particular beliefs for or against UFOs. I saw what I saw and can not explain it nor can I find any source to ascertain explanation. I1ve sent emails to various agencies including the federal government. I did get a reply from NOAA and they stated that there were no meteorological events on the day and time of my sighting. On July 13, four days after the event, I did find one more person who witnessed the same thing I did and he described it exactly the same way as I saw it. I wish I could find someone somewhere who will pay attention to me and help me find a reliable source for getting help to explain what I and one other person saw. At this point I1m going to start searching for other people who may have witnessed this as well. I am intentionally leaving out part of the description of what I saw in order to ask other people who may have seen this on the same day and find out if they really saw it or if they are just copy cat hoaxers.
