{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5498841.json","updb_database_id":5498841}
{cak} It looked like a shiny, polished chrome ball bearing. Hovering. Motionless. No sound.

It was summertime, of best guess, 1978. I wasn't 10 years old yet, but I was playing little league baseball and I had a paper route. So that puts the event between 1977 - 1979. It may have been late June, but most likely, this happened in the second half of summer. The Sun was going down, but still, plenty of daylight remaining. It was a beautiful day. Clear and crisp blue sky. No clouds. No precipitation. Nothing. The temperature was perfect. Probably between 65-701F. It was either a Saturday or a Sunday. My gut tells me it was Sunday. Present that day and observing were, myself, mother, father(deceased), brother, brother, brother and an Aunt(deceased). We were outside, in the backyard, enjoying a barbeque and the weather. Then someone saw it. I cannot remember exactly who saw it first, but one of us noticed another looking up into nothing, and asked, "What the heck are you looking at?" It was then we all looked skyward and saw what appeared to be a small, spherical object, hovering and stationary, reflecting the light of the Sun. I describe it as a small, shiny and polished ball bearing. We observed this object for a couple of minutes. Then our neighbor and Aunt came outside. We asked her if she could see it and she replied, "See what?" And we responded, while pointing at the object, "That shiny thing right there!" She turned to look, was a bit taken aback, and said, "What the hell is that?" After another few minutes, the object was no longer visible. It is my belief, that whatever the object was, did not disappear. Rather, it became unseeable, most likely because, by that time, the Sun had moved on and our sight line put us out of viewing the reflection. 

  None of us have any clue what it is. BUT THERE WAS DEFINITELY AN OBJECT PRESENT IN THE SKY!!! It was NOT AN AIRPLANE. IT WAS NOT A HELICOPTER. IT WAS NOT ANY COMMONLY KNOWN MANMADE AERIAL OBJECT! No sound. No wings. No emissions. No appendages. Nothing. Just a small, shiny, polished chrome looking ball bearing.

This event marks the first time in my life I observed an object in the sky I could not identify. What is also strange, is that this is not the only time an object, similar to the aforementioned object, has been observed. That event marks my sixth sighting, and it happened this year. In fact, it is because of my most recent sighting, that I am no longer back. I will send reports, in chronological order of the remaining five sightings.

Thank you.
