{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-27 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454841","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106772","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/841/mufon-5454841.json","updb_database_id":5454841}
{jpg} 30-40 ft. triangle UFO flew directly toward me, very low and too slow to be a plane, while standing on road talking to friend in mountain woods road

I saw a very large, 30-40 foot black/gray triangle UFO. I was on the phone at around 4 AM on the phone with my friend giving spiritual advice to my friend, his mother has an incurable cancer. I was in the middle of a very positive rant, he was feeling hopeful; the energy was strong, I was assuring him that the universe has unlimited resources and giving my best pitch for enlightened communication, I felt very good. I was telling him if he was to be any help being around someone sick, he'd have to find relief himself and climb the emotional scale, and that's when I first saw the lights. I was standing on a road that is surrounded by woods at the top of a mountain area, a place I end up often while talking to him late at night while walking because I pace as I talk so I find it's good (and helps me be positive) to walk and talk. It was late and I didn't want to walk anymore, so I was just standing on this road that is very secluded to not wake anyone. In the midst of my good-energy rant, I saw (and was describing it in real time in absolute astonishment on the phone) enormous white lights approaching, they seemed to ascend from trees about a thousand feet from where I stood in a deeper wooded area that has a hiking path. Where I stood, it was a bit on an incline, with trees and telephone poles that are approximately 40 or 50 feet above me. I thought, and told my friend, it looked like an angel. There seemed to be several points of light and the extreme brightness was incredible. Planes fly over all the time, and they have blinking red lights and even at that distance I'd probably hear something. It was not a plane. It headed directly in my direction. I simply stood in awe and couldn't stop talking about what I was seeing, in a state of shock and utter amazement. It got close enough, and the speed was incredibly slow compared to a plane which would have been over my head in a matter of seconds. It barely made any sound, there seemed to be only a hum. As it was was flying towards me, I could see that it was a triangle, very black. The bright white lights were emanating from the top seemingly because when it was directly over me I could see the belly clearly and there was some gray color and several sets of green, amber, yellow lights that did not blink. It also had something that was a rectangular shape, very black, sitting on the top; perhaps 10-15 feet tall like a big box in the center of the triangle. The triangle was extremely low, it was only just slightly above the telephone poles. It was moving slow enough to be able to get a very clear look at it as it passed directly over me and headed toward the other side of the mountain. It went directly over me so that my body was perfectly underneath the triangle. I remained there on the phone for another ten or twenty minutes talking, still in a kind of shock until my phone died and I walked home.
