{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-05-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285551","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/551/mufon-5285551.json","updb_database_id":5285551}
Saucer shaped UFO

This UFO sighting happened over 30 years ago when I was in my early 40's. I was living across the road from the Withlacoochee State Forest, the south Croom tract. I went out about 10 pm to say goodnight to the dogs outside. I noticed what I would call a flying saucer hovering just above the treetops. It was so close that I could see it very clearly. I just stood there in amazement. It might have been 5 minutes more or less, but I just kept staring, frozen in wonderment, but then I noticed it started to move closer to me, in my direction, and that is when survival kicked in and I ran for the house, and locked all the doors, pulled the shades and prayed whatever they were, they would not come after me. I did keep a very large Akita dog in the house with me and two Akitas outside. The craft had lights all around it's underbelly and they were showing down. It was totally silent even when it moved. I did see the craft the next day as I was driving down a road, and it still was not very high up in the sky, but kind of close so you could really see what it was. I wondered if anyone else on the road could see it too. Before I drove past it,  it dematerialized right before my eyes, and then I thought maybe there was something wrong with my eyes or even me.  I told one person at that time about what I saw that night,  but I never told anyone about seeing it the next day, because I thought my mind was playing tricks on me. Then as the years went by I learned more and more about UFO's, and found out that I was not the only one that had experienced the silence and the dematerialization of the craft. Unusual things have happened to me though out my life. This seemed to be another one of them that you keep to yourself. I even wondered if it kind of knew me because of it showing itself to me on the road the next day. How did it know I would be driving down that road at that time?  Why did it show up at my place and how did it know I always go out to say goodnight to the dogs around 10 pm every night.? I wish I had wrote down or drew a picture of what I saw, but I decided it was not something I could tell a lot of people, and kept it to myself until recently. As I researched UFO's, and as more and more people had encounters, I realized that I could now say what I saw to people without them wanting to put me in a loony bin. I'm 74 now and even though the experience never left me, I have forgotten a lot of the details, and I wished I had written it down or made a drawing while my memory was still fresh. But I didn't know I would live this long to see that people, and even the government, would become more open about the UFO phenomenon. The experience did change my perception and with all the other things that happen in my life, I realized there is much more to this world than humans understand or even see.  I tried to draw a picture and you will see that I am the worlds worst drawer, but I am hoping you will get the idea. It has been so many years ago and the details are not there, but you can understand how close the craft was to me. By the way those are lights on the underbelly of the craft,  I did forget just how many lights there were shining down, so I put six but it could have been four. We did not run around with cell phones in those days because we didn't have them. It really is too bad because It was so close. Please forgive my horrible drawing. I included a picture of me and the two outside dogs, I was a lot younger.  I would almost be looking in the direction of where the UFO was but more forward and to the left a little. This was in Florida, land is very flat and sky wide open.
