{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490551","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":16661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/551/mufon-5490551.json","updb_database_id":5490551}
{nd} A report of events throughout my life; quite long.

I1m writing this mostly to get it off my chest. It1s been on my mind for 1 well, most of my life, I suppose. I don1t know if submitting this report will help me get any answers. I don1t even know if this is the kind of report you guys usually deal with, or, if it is, if anyone will get around to reading it. Doesn1t matter, I guess. At the very least this will be therapeutic. 
	It1s a long story. I1ll begin at the beginning, because context is needed. As a child I was always very interested in UFOs and aliens. Not unusual; what little boy wasn1t fascinated by them? But 1 and I don1t know if this was concurrent with my fascination or if there was some abrupt change 1 I was also terrified by them. I had recurring nightmares about seeing UFOs or begin taken by alien beings. They are among my earliest memories, these dreams, and they so affected me that I began to dread the night. I didn1t want to go to sleep, because I knew that I would have one of these dreams and/or I would wake up in the middle of the night, frightened and feeling terribly alone.
	I grew up in a big old house in Milwaukee, WI, near Lake Michigan. It creaked and groaned and did all the things old houses do that frighten children. Eventually we moved, around my teens. I have lots of good memories from that first house, but every time I think of it I feel a reactionary sort of unease or creeping dread. I hated being alone; even if there was someone in the next room or on the floor above me, being alone made me feel uneasy, jumpy, like I was being watched. Things only grew worse when I eventually got my own bedroom on the second floor. Everyone else slept downstairs, so when I went to bed I would be truly alone in the dark. 
	Throughout this time, I can always remember my dread and unease focusing on aliens. Yes, occasionally a ghost movie or something would frighten me, but never as badly or as regularly as the UFO/alien phenomenon. It got to the point where just seeing an image of a UFO or a depiction of an alien made me uncomfortable for the rest of the day, and I knew it would be a rough night. But at the same time, I was still fascinated. I wanted to research everything I could about them, about UFOs, and about the encounters people had. It was a paradoxical relationship 1 I was, ultimately, the author of my own discomfort.
	When we moved to a new, smaller house, some of that unease went away. All the bedrooms were on the same floor in the same hallway, so I didn1t feel quite as alone when night came. Aliens and UFOs still fascinated and terrified me, but the dreams stopped, or at least came far less frequently and were much less intense. 
	Then, just before starting high school, I was in a Barnes & Noble when I came across Whitley Strieber1s Communion. I wasn1t looking for it, didn1t even know it existed, but that famous cover image literally stopped me in my tracks. It was somehow different from all the other depictions I had seen, despite bearing all the classic hallmarks: large head, dark almond-shaped eyes, minimal features. It still has an effect on me, even though I can1t place my finger on what exactly makes it unique. I had to pick up the book, and I knew that I had to read it. I did, that very night, all in one sitting. I finished early in the morning. It scared the hell out of me, but it also felt right, somehow. Maybe that1s why it was so frightening 1 because it felt like Strieber was describing something I already knew so much about, more so than any other encounter I had read about. I don1t know if there was an ounce of fact in that book, but I was and still am struck with the feeling that he got it right.
	Again, despite being terrified, I was also fascinated by Communion. I read it twice and was left feeling like I needed more. I was searching for answers, but I didn1t really know how to ask the right questions. It became a sort of obsession throughout high school. 
	I began to look back on my life (short as it was), at things that had always struck me as odd, standing out in my memory, but which I had managed to ignore. I began to, I guess, notice them more. I was familiar with the common hallmarks of supposed alien encounters, but it wasn1t until reading Communion that I began to notice how many of those could be found in my own life. I realized that, in one form or another, the alien/UFO phenomenon had been a running theme throughout my entire life, just beneath the surface. For the first time I actually began to consider the possibility that I had had at least one encounter.
	What follows is a list of the events that have always stood out to me. It1s in as close to a chronological order as I can manage. Years and age-ranges aren1t specific, and probably aren1t that accurate; my memory isn1t great when it comes to time.

1	There are the dreams I previously mentioned. These are among my earliest memories and my earliest remembered dreams, occurring maybe until I was in middle school. They stand out for being so vivid, so recurrent, and so terrifying unlike any of my other nightmares. There are three that I remember specifically:
o	Being with my father in his truck driving at night and getting picked up by a UFO, the classic saucer-shape. 
o	Standing outside my old house at night, before a large bush that grew near the driveway, and talking to or hearing something in the bushes speaking 1 something I somehow knew was not human.
o	Being in a large white room with other children and alien beings who were sort of like caretakers. I remember being very frightened of them, though the other kids seemed fine, and of trying to run away by climbing a kind of ropey structure, like you would find on a playground. One of the beings was following me, trying to calm me down, I think.
These dreams have always seemed to me to be dreams, yet they1re more vivid than most memories I have from the same age. 

1	Another one of my earliest memories is of someone climbing into the bedroom I shared with my sister through the window closest to my bed. This is odd, since our bedroom was two stories off the ground (the old house was a duplex). I can1t remember what the person looked like, or anything that happened before or after; I only remember lying in bed, looking past my feet towards the window, and seeing someone coming through it. I have asked my sister if she ever remembers me telling her about this, and she confirmed that I once said someone had come into our bedroom at night.

1	Yet another early memory, in the same bedroom. I1m lying in bed when bright light comes through the windows, a sort of 1sunset1 light, if that makes sense. Something floats into the bedroom, near the ceiling; something I can1t describe. The best image I have of it is sort of pancake-shaped, maybe the size of those flying disc sleds; I also have the impression of it being somehow organic. I don1t know if this was a dream or something I saw on television and confused for an actual memory. Regardless, it had a strong enough effect on me that, what I think must have been several years later, while visiting my grandparents, I felt uneasy while standing in the bedroom at their house and seeing the same sort of 1sunset1 light (from, I1m assuming, the actual sun) shining through the windows.

1	I have, at least once, fallen asleep and woken up in two different places. In my old house, after moving to my bedroom upstairs, I once spent the night in a bed downstairs because of how uncomfortable I was upstairs. I woke up in my own bedroom. It is entirely possible my dad moved me in the night, or that I even sleepwalked. 

1	My family has a cabin in the northern part of Wisconsin, near a small town. It1s fairly isolated; there are neighbors, but a bit of forest between each cabin. Initially I loved going up there, and still do enjoy it; but gradually I began to feel the same sense of unease that I experienced in my own house, specifically at night or when alone. Perhaps this has to do with me being a city boy and going out into the country. I don1t know, but several things have happened at that cabin.

1	One winter, at the cabin, I was walking at night with my dad. The cabin is on a block about two miles around. While walking we saw a bright orange light or sphere moving swiftly and silently across the sky. Eventually we lost track of it 1 I don1t remember exactly how. Probably it passed behind the trees or over the horizon. Either way, not long after it disappeared we saw what looked like your typical satellites, a lot of them, converging from multiple directions on where the bright sphere had been.

1	After moving to the new house, not long after reading Communion, I was reading in bed at night (the book was Jurassic Park if that matters). I distinctly remember lying on my back and glancing at the clock sitting on the desk at the foot of my bed and seeing that it was eleven, and also seeing that the hall light was on (I slept, and still do sleep, with the bedroom door open; having it closed makes me uncomfortable). The very next thing I remember is finding myself in bed, on my side or stomach, book on the floor, feeling not the least bit tired or like I had just woken up. Glancing at the clock, I saw that it was now three in the morning, and the hall light was off. It is possible I merely fell asleep while reading 1 but if so, then it was an instant and very deep sleep, unlike any other time I have fallen asleep while reading. I wasn1t tired while reading, and it has always taken me a long time to get to sleep 1 it almost never happens before midnight, even if I go to bed early. Regardless, the event struck me as strange.

1	During the summer, one year after I first read Communion, my dad, sister, and I went up to our cabin. I went up there with a secret plan: I would go out at night and1see what would happen, I guess. I had read about people who could supposedly make contact through meditation and mental will. It seemed worth a shot. I wanted answers and was willing to try. Each night during that trip I tried to go outside by myself late at night and walk up the road to a clearing where I had a good view of the sky. It was almost impossible for me to do 1 I was terrified and never made it beyond the driveway, until the final night we were there. I took a flashlight, told my dad and sister I was going to go look at the stars, and actually managed to reach the clearing. I spent maybe a half-hour or forty-five minutes, focusing very hard on wanting to make contact, or to see something, anything that would give me answers. Nothing happened, and I hurried home. My dad and sister were still up, but I decided I was going to go to bed. I felt fine, very calm, which was a bit unusual, considering how nerve-wracking the experience had been, and how long it had taken me to work up the courage. I fell asleep almost immediately, which, as I mentioned above, is also unusual. I remember having a brief dream, in which I woke up the next morning and went to the mirror to see symbols etched into my skin. They were not there when I woke up, obviously. It was Sunday and we were going to church. While waiting for my sister to finish in the bathroom so I could use it, I suddenly got a strong nosebleed. There was nothing I can think of that would have caused it; it was summer, and right near the lake, so not very dry. I think, but I1m not positive, that it was preceded by a sharp pain in my sinus. Either way, I was understandably unnerved. Eventually the blood stopped and we went to church. On the way home my dad asked, what I believe to be out of the blue, if I had gone outside last night to look for UFOs. I said yes, and asked why? He told me that late last night he had been aware of a 1presence1 in his bedroom, but saw nothing. My sister then told us about a dream she had had that same night: she was in a sort of hospital room with lots of beds, occupied by girls her age, some of whom she said she recognized from school. There were doctors there placing a box-like device over their stomach area to see if they were capable of becoming pregnant. It1s possible they both knew I had gone to look for UFOs the previous night and had conspired to mess with me the next morning; I don1t know. My sister seemed upset, though, and just as frightened as me.

1	This might have actually occurred that same night. I1m not certain it didn1t, but either way: while at the cabin my dad once asked me if I had been reading in bed late at night. I told him no, and asked why. He had seen a bluish-white light outside his bedroom window, coming from the direction of the bedroom I shared with my sister. I had a reading light that is quite bright, which is why he asked. 

1	On another occasion at the cabin, after the event with the nosebleed, I have a brief but strong memory: of waking up in the middle of the night, unable to see or move, gripped by the most powerful terror I have ever experienced, and knowing that I had to make myself move, now. I don1t know why. I remember nothing before or after. It could have been a dream, or sleep paralysis. Either way, it wasn1t pleasant. 

After the event with the nosebleed I became, understandably, obsessed with finding out what, if anything, was going on. I began to sleep worse than ever and couldn1t concentrate in school. Eventually my dad noticed and told me that I need to step back, let it go. Full disclosure: there is a history of bipolar disorder in my family. My dad was worried about my obsession and how it might be affecting my mental health. 
	I agreed to let it go. I decided that I knew only one thing for sure: I have no idea what the hell is going on, if anything. I had no way of finding out, and no way of changing things either way. So I stopped my research, stopped my endless wondering, and just tried to focus on other things. It worked, for the most part. I still am and always will be interested in the alien/UFO phenomenon. It still frightens me, still occasionally keeps me awake at night. The events I have listed still stand out in my memory, and I still occasionally go on a UFO kick. But, after graduating from high school and all throughout college, I experienced no new strange events, as far as I am aware. 
	Well, that1s not entirely true. In the winter of 2014, while walking at night with my girlfriend, I saw what looked like two very bright stars in the sky above our neighborhood. Almost as soon as I saw them they began to steadily fade until they had disappeared completely. There was no movement, no sound, no anything. The night was clear, so it wasn1t a cloud passing in front of them. I1ve actually already submitted a report about this on MUFON. 
	One more thing: my dad has had similar unusual experiences during his life. He has told me about at least one potential UFO he saw, and about a childhood dream in which little doctors took him out of his bed at night. He has also noticed that electronics behave strangely around him. Several times the TV has turned on or off randomly when he is in the room, as have other electronics. There was an incident at the cabin, which he actually caught on film, during which a plant was weirdly attracted to him, as if by static charge. When he moved close to it, the plant bent towards him; when he moved away, it stood back up normally. It only happened with him. We1ve never seen anything like it before or since. 
	I hope this wasn1t too long. I don1t know if I1ve been contacted, abducted, or had any encounter of any sort. There1s enough potential evidence to make me think, and I don1t think I1ll ever stop wondering. I guess, by submitting this, I1m still looking for answers. If you think it worth investigating, I would love to communicate. A part of me is scared to dig into this any further than I already have, scared of finding out that I1m crazy, or of uncovering memories that would be better off left alone. But the part of me that wants answers trumps the frightened part.
