{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528551","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/551/mufon-5528551.json","updb_database_id":5528551}
Triangle, point end in back, one light on back, two in front (headlights) White/grey undercarrage

I was on my patio looking at the stars having a cigarette when I started hearing the sound of what sounded like a small cessna plane flying over. We don't get any cessna's flying over so I thought it was strange. I kept watching, and to my total SHOCK I saw a triangle appear over the building next door (appartments). It was flying low enough to make out that it was definatly a triangle with two bright "headlights", and as I watched it fly over me my mouth was dropped wide open, and I was completly speachless. As it passed overhead, I noticed light hitting the undercarriage and it appeared to have some kind of bar across the sides of the bottom, but I could only make out one side of the belly. When it was completly overhead, I noticed a back light on the back tip of the triangle. There was only the three lights though, no light in the center of the belly. It was not using any kind of spot light or anything. It was just traveling overhead like it was on it's own agenda. I popped my head out from the overhang of the patio to really get a good look and see if I was really "seeing" this. It continued flying over my complex, and disapeared from my sight after flying over my building. At that point, I started calling my husband [first name removed-CMS/dr] several times, and he just didn't hear me calling for him. I guess I wasn't loud enough.

Like I said, it sounded like a cessna, but there was no way! It was clearly a triangle. I wasn't scared of it, just shocked. I have seen pictures on tv and in books of the famous "triangle", but never saw one myself. I'd LOVE to see it again. The whole time elapsed was about two minutes. I then looked at the clock and it said 11:00pm (California time). 

I tried to go to sleep after at about 12:00 midnight, and found it difficult to fall asleep. As I laid there, I heard that EXACT SAME SOUND AGAIN! I laid in bed (out of shock) and heard it for about an additional 15 minutes!

Now, nearby in Mountain View, we have an old NASA base, but they don't test military planes there. We also have a secret military base up in the Santa Cruz mountains, and God only knows what they do up there. This was smaller than the Stealth, and anyway, it made a motor noise. There's no way it was a hang glider at night either. That's just not possible in the area I live in. 

I have always believed in "UFO's", and also believe I had several experiences as a child. But this is the first time in my adulthood that something like this has happened. I hope that it really was a "UFO", and hope to hear from you if your getting any other reports about last night. It wasn't that late, and people were still up.

The picture I am attaching is NOT one I took. It's just the closest I could find on the internet to show what it looked like. Just a few changes though. There was NO light in the center of the undercarriage. Just the three white lights at the tip.
