{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-03-04 15:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290551","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/551/mufon-5290551.json","updb_database_id":5290551}
I just knew they were there, looking at me as I was looking at them. I heard a voice, do not be afraid. That is all there.

I turned onto fairground rd and it was there. It was slightly passed the end of thomas hollow rd. I stopped in the road and just looked at it.it was so close it was huge, gold in color imagine from the very bottom upwards a small circle, a medium circle then a bigger circle sitting on top of eachother, then what looked like a roofs edge going all around it then a medium circle with rounded off but squared dark blackish windows then a smaller circle and a flattened off top. Thats about when i started to get scared a liitle then heard in my brain, do not be afraid. My fear left within a second and i was just looking at it. It was so close and huge i could feel a static like charge in the air, the radio kinda started to get staticie and the hairs on my arms and back of neck just all over stood up. I just sat there in my car and looked at it for about a 2 minutes or so... I was mesmerized.... Then my passenger got scared as the static rose in intensity and he said go go away from it... So i turned onto thomas hollow rd. Then changed my mind i wanted to watch it leave so i pulled into my driveway, the 2nd driveway on the road... and jumped out of the car looked over but it was gone. Completely gone just that fast! I could see where it was perfectly but it was gone. No trail, no exhaust, no nothing at all... Like it was never there to begin with. I will never forget this experience. It was beautiful, i was not afraid, i feel lucky to have seen it all so close and detailed and in the middle of the day right infront of my eyes. There is no denying of what it was or could have been... It was so close and plain as day it was ufo. Now... Man maid or alien im not sure, but i dont understand how a man could broadcast into my brain, do not be afraid. So... I dont know. My whole entire life changed that day. My thoughts and opinions will always be of an open mind. I know what i saw. I hope everyone can someday see what i seen, it truly leaves no room to doubt.
