{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-07 12:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507551","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5447,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/551/mufon-5507551.json","updb_database_id":5507551}
{dr}Textbook white saucer in broad daylight going 200 mph distance 700-1000 yards just above houses then vanished instantly. Definitive and conclusive

My friend "C" and I were on the practice green at Tiger Point Golf club awaiting tee off at just after high noon approx Aug 7 or 9. He suddenly said "what is THAT"! Great emphasis. I looked up into the clear blue sky and observed a very clear white saucer to the SE and flying north (right to left)over the "Lions Gate" subdivision or perhaps a few hundred yards further away. (700-1000 yds from me). This was a 80-90 foot wide (15-18 ft high)saucer shaped as an inverted pie tin. Four perfectly straight lines and bilaterally symmetrical. It started at about 300 ft in air and after about 3 seconds it pitched down slightly and went down to about 200 ft. That is clearly illegal altitude over a residential area. Speed was consistent in the 200 to 300 mph. Flight appeared effortless and "sure footed". After 8-9 seconds and away from any possible obscuring object it simply disappeared.

While filling out this form I noticed the white boxes on blue background looked very similar to what I saw. Go down to the bottom and on the line for "entity-Type" go to extreme right "other". That box om my 42 inch screen is about 3 inches wide and viewed from about 7 feet is pretty close to what I saw at a distance of about 800 yards. (shave the upper outer corners for the "pie tin" angles) The object was slightly "taller". It was as wide or wider than a couple of houses put together.(although I did not do it at the time, I think it would have been a little wider than my outstretched thumb)) It had no wings,tail section,windows, cockpit, graphics, identifying numbers, engines, nav lights, noise, dome, reflections, shading. Nothing. I call it a saucer only because when first sighted it was more "head on" to me and a cigar shape, for instance, would have made it smaller looking at first. But it always looked the same. It was absolutely and unquestionably a solid intelligently controlled craft with perfectly straight edges. It was not obviously metallic. We have 4 military air bases. We are in the extended landing pattern for Pensacola Airport. We are right on the coast where Pilots follow the shore and our skies are full of planes all the time. Teeming. I was a private pilot myself. I am 100% sure this was not an airplane.

When I say it disappeared let me speculate on 3 things. 1 It could have shot away at blinding speed, 2 It could have had cloaking device like Star Trek, 3 It could have entered another dimension. I would say 1 is not true because I think I could have detected motion. 2 and 3 are more likely. When it disappeared I was staring right at it and the area it was in and the area it was going toward appeared normal. It was just there and then blue sky. There was an eye blink or two of transition with perhaps a little opacity. (That may have been an artifact of my vision?) This was a 100% residential area with little vegetation so a military test is out of the question. We drove right thru it minutes later. This is our home course and have played it hundreds of times.

My reaction for the 9 seconds was rapt attention and focus. It was immediately obvious it was not a plane. It was followed by wonderment and quiet absorption of the events. It is burned into my memory. Oddly I don't think we mentioned it to the other dozen guys in our group standing around. I was disappointed when it disappeared because I would have loved for it to have been a bigger longer event. But upon reflection now, I realize that the disappearance produces a fullness and robustness to what we saw in terms of "proof" of "flying saucers". Short of flying over and landing and getting out and shaking our hands it was great. A broad daylight with witness of an airliner sized object fairly close "flying" without wings easily near the ground and then going poof into thin air is about as good as it gets.

In terms of religion, I don't think there is an issue. We are all Gods creatures. I do have a problem with more distrust of the government. Knowing now they exist and yet Gov says no. I can call "BS" on that now. The same is true of Science. Their weakness is the need to test and replicate. If they cant do that, then they say there is no proof. I would say to them now, "guess what Sherlock, you are missing the story of the 5 millinia".

I am 62 years old with 6 kids. I saw an unexplained light over Gulf Breeze circa 1978 and a small light over I 10 in Mississippi about 1987. Then 25 years of nothing. This is my first report filed.

Note: On "surface of object" I was forced to check one box and put "reflective". It was just white. It is also possible it had a glow to it but it was bright sun so that is not known to me for sure.
