{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-02-21 19:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549551","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3256","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3106,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/551/mufon-5549551.json","updb_database_id":5549551}
[Description omitted by submitter/cms/tg/10.10.2012]

Sighting Report:  My sighting was 27 years ago, and I did not
report it to anyone at the time. I have decided to report it to
this agency. On March 17th, 1978 at approximately 7:30pm in
Denver, Colorado, my husband and I observed several UFO s.
Initially, I was inside with my youngest child, my husband was
outside with our 3 year son. We had been moving into our new
home. My husband was reaching down into the cab of our truck to
retrieve a box when he said it lit up like someone had turned 
large flashlight on. When he turned around, he saw a circular
saucer right above tree level almost directly above him. He said
it had square "ice cube" type lights circling around it, but no
sound. He immediately ran inside and got me. When we both went
outside, the ufo had moved to the southern sky, and was now a
bright light about the size of a dime in the sky. No more than
20 seconds could have passed between him running into the house
to get me and us getting outside. As we watched the object, it
appeared to change shape, but I suspect this was because it was
also changing colors, going from white to light blue, to orange
and back. Something appeared to drop off of the ufo and trail to
the ground. It was reddish in appearance. During all of this, I
had jumped on top of the cab of the truck. While watching this
ufo, I sensed something above and looked up to see another ufo
directly overhead. It was much higher than tree level, but low
enough to appear massive, about the size of a battleship. It
blocked the lights from the sky, so I could easily make out its
shape, which was like a diamond. It had three large amber lights
(shaped in triangular formation) on the bottom. It was moving
along at a fair rate of speed, but I heard no sound from it. It
continued to coast along going towards Boulder, Colorado. I
watched it till I could no longer see it. The other ufo we had
initially seen also took off towards Boulder, Colorado at a very
rapid speed. It hung over the area of Boulder for about a
minute, then shot straight up and disappeared. We were not the
only people to see this. Neighbors of ours had just arrived home
and also witnessed this. About 10 minutes after these sightings
we heard helicopters and jets around our area. I could not say
if these were military, but it was unusualfor the area. We lived
off Santa Fe in Denver, which is a very conjested area, not
rural. Thank you, Kate Charon
