{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-08-15 03:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506927","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4094,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/927/mufon-5506927.json","updb_database_id":5506927}
{dr}Summer 1980 - 30 second encounter with a bright orb of light that changed shapes while hovering/moving through the inside a room.

Over 30 years ago when I was 18 years of age (summer of 1980) I was house sitting at a single story residence. I was alone in the unfurnished house, sleeping on the living room floor, in a corner of the room with blankets and personal belongings nearby. I woke up sometime in the early am hours (2-4 am) sat up on my side with my right elbow as support, but remained on the floor. 

ENCOUNTER:

From this position I immediately observed a floating orb of bright white light (golf ball sized at first) inside the room about 25 feet from my position, about 4 feet above the floor. The orb of light moved slowly around the opposite end of the room and changed shapes as I watched motionless and bewildered.  To the best of my recollection the changes happened in this order: It changed shape from golf ball sized to volleyball sized and back to golf ball sized, then from the golf ball size it became linier, 4-5 feet vertical about 1 inch thick, than back to circular shape the size of a golf ball. Then back to vertical linier shape and back to circular, golf ball sized. Then from golf ball sized to smaller - almost pinpoint sized, but still quite bright. These changes in shape were immediate.  While pinpoint sized it moved rapidly (flash like) through an opened slatted window that had a screen. END OF ENCOUNTER

The window curtains were open, and it was still very dark out.  The entire encounter lasted about 30 seconds. What was so odd was the interior of the room did not get any brighter from this light source. I remember immediately rationalizing the incident to myself, thinking it was some sort of reflection off the slatted window panels and went back to sleep, never getting up to check further. The next few days I remember trying to find a source of light that could have made this happen, but no such lighting was ever found. 

I remember feeling bewildered but not afraid. I don't know why I woke up at that particular moment in time, I didn't have to use the restroom and my normal wake up time was much later (about 6 am). I was definitely not dreaming. Weather that night was clear and about 55-65 degrees - typical summer weather for that time and place.

The single family residence is located on a cul-de-sac with the rear yard facing a golf course. The slatted window, where the object left the room, faces the rear yard/golf course. If you are looking out this window from inside, no roads are within sight of the window. There is a swimming pool in the rear yard that could have reflected light but I could never find a light source. I was at that residence for a few more weeks then moved out of the area.
 
Note: 

I know what reflective light on an interior wall looks like and how it moves when cars or light sources pass by, more 2 Dimensional, but this was quite different, not against the interior wall, but between the wall and myself (3 Dimensional). I have never seen anything like that since. A modern day laser scanner is the closest thing to what I saw that night.
But even that description is insufficient.

Throughout my life I have told only a few close friends about what I observed. The reason I decided to put this in writing is so that you (MUFON) have a record. Possibly others have had similar experiences to this and may feel some comfort knowing others have seen these sorts of orbs/lights before.
