{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-06-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476927","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83267","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/927/mufon-5476927.json","updb_database_id":5476927}
{rjl} I was only 7 yrs old. I didn't know what UFOs were. I was playing in my backyard at dusk. I felt something watching me when I looked up it was about 15 ft away. I remember the lights. I don't recall being scared like I knew it was natural for me to

It was 1972 I was 7 years old and this was way before I even knew what a UFO was.It was in balch springs tx, and around dusk. I was playing in my backyard alone when everything seemed to feel real still and like I was being watched. I looked up,and there was this little disc craft no more than 15-20feet from me just sitting in my backyard like the craft was watching me. I remember the lights were blue,yellow, red,green, and although I didn't know what it was ,it didn't scare me, it was as though somehow I knew it was natural the lights pulsated and glowed, I don't remember the craft leaving, or what if any interaction I had with it, but it was a very silent incident. I don't even remember how or when it left, and I didn't run yelling into the house for my mom to tell her about it. If just seemed normal to me. I'm 51 now, but can remember the incident as though I was 7 again. In 1987,I was about 21, and was at a library and seen a book about UFOs. That is when I first learned what they were, and realized what that was all those years ago. The fact that I have no memory of any interaction besides me seeing what it looked like disturbs me a little, but I think its because I wonder why would a UFO be in my backyard sitting there just watching me play? I'm nothing special.
And its also weird that I didn't run and tell my.mom about something being in our yard. Somehow, although the incident was strange, it also felt very natural to me, like although I didn't know what it was, instinctively I knew that whatever it was , it was a very natural thing. I also feel that I was communicated with telepathically, and that that is a side effect of this experience since I have very good instincts and empathy. I don't remember the object leaving, I don't remember even going Into my house that night. All I remember is I was playing, it got very still a d quiet and then seeing the lights a d the object the rest is like a blur.
