{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 18:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489927","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/927/mufon-5489927.json","updb_database_id":5489927}
{rjl} Star like orbs moving and stationary

I was out in my back yard having a smoke on my hammock as I normally do. I noticed two star like objects moving slowly toward the direction of NYC. I watched them for about a minute or two and asked my wife to get my binoculars. I looked at them with the binoculars but lost site of them as my 2 year old son was jumping on me!!! I did manage to get really bad photos with my iphone due to the distance but you can vaguely see one orb in the corner of the photo. This was at 6.42pm. after I lost site of them I kept looking around to see if I could find them again. I did happen to notice a balloon floating South ( I watched it float away) about a minute I noticed another orb like thing moving south also, was shining silver. I looked at this through the binoculars also, this was more of an orange glow to it and it looked like it may have also been a balloon as it looked like it had a rope/twine tied to it. It was hard to tell what it was and again I was putting it down to a balloon on till it stopped!!! With that I kept looking through the binoculars and it was still hard to tell if it was a balloon. I watched it for about a minute as it was stationary but then it diapered and i lost sight of it as I ran in to get my camera. At about 7.19 I noticed another star like orb right above me. I saw it in the binoculars and snapped a few photos with my Nikon D3000 and my 70-300mm lens. I took a good 70-80 photos in total. The odd part was when I first saw it through the binoculars and the camera it was view-able and I could take photos but then out of nowhere it was not visible any more, but the strange part was that I could see it with my eyes but not in the camera or binoculars. I kept snapping photos anyway as I could visibly see it and then another one popped up out of no where. Again I could not see them with anything other than my eyes. Before I forget back when I first saw the first orb with the binoculars I did see a cylinder shape craft fly by in view. I also did manage to see two of these orbs at once. I kept snapping photos and have got plenty of photos of the objects. The main object looks like a disk and reminds me of the video from the spacestation when the tether snapped!!!! The second craft that I got in the photos also for some reason when I zoom in it always comes up as a cross! The last sighting I saw the object was at 7.34pm and it flashed nearly like a light on and off three times and I haven't seen it since. Anyway please find attached a few photos and feel free to contact me for other photos I took. I'm going to go back outside now and see if I can see anything else.

P.S Photos are hard to see and better when zoomed in. Please contact me for all photos.

Thanks
