{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-26 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529927","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/927/mufon-5529927.json","updb_database_id":5529927}
Black dot on video

I Captured a black dot UFO on video from a video cam attached to a radio controlled airplane. I did not see anything when flying the RC plane. But when reviewing the video I found it twice, approximately in same location in sky as the plane did 2 pass's. 

I was out looking for a downed Rc airplane I had lost earlier this week. I attached a video camera to my plane to circle over the area to see if I could find my downed airplane. looks like debris at first until you see the video frame by frame and then see it in same spot as plane circles around for next pass. 

I have tried to debunk it but the video is clear and movement of plane shows the dot is actually in the same area above the RC plane. You just have to see it the video for yourself. I know you will think it is just a flake of dust at first like I did but then see it frame by frame and see that it is by far not dust but an object in the sky. 

Like I said I did not see it in sky when flying the plane. I also did not pay much attention to it at first, instead I blew past it thinking it was debris and went looking for my RC plane in the video. I found a couple of white specs (thinking they could be my downed plane) and went back out to the field, turns out the specs were plants and a plastic bag. BUT when I was out there I noticed a military helicopter flying over. I didn't pay much attention to them. I went back home to do a slower closer look at the footage (still looking for my RC airplane.) And that is when I seen it, I was surprised asked my mther to come see it, she didn't know what to think, I then moved the footage forward to see if the second pass may have found my RC airplane and there it was again.

That is when I knew I caught something significant. I sent a email to you guys and took video camera back out to field. 3rd time out at field I found a couple of teenagers who had been out there during all of this making out in there car (they are in video)I decided not to bother them. I then seen another helicopter, flying really low and slow, I cought it on video!

the pilot looked at me turned and look at passenger and looked back at me the copter almost turned around but instead kept going.

I sent my plane back up, I didn't catch anything in sky this time, but when I landed the plane the kids were leaving. i waved them over and talked to them I told them what i found on the video and asked them if they seen anything they said they didn't, then we herd a boom. It startled us they said what was that I wasnt sure but thought it may have been the plane because I smelled smoke and realized I landed the plane but the motor was trying to spin because I had pushed up the throttle on the radio. I said good bye to the teenagers and went to pick my plane, the ESC was burnt up but the video was still rolling. 

i figured I would watch that footage and see what happened when the ESC exploded, and that was the funny thing, there was no boom recorded! The video shows the smoking from it overheating and that's it.

I am not transferring this video over the internet.

thanks
[name removed/cms/tg]
