{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-12 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5487310.json","updb_database_id":5487310}
{nd} 2

Driving to work around 8:15am on the second Thursday in June, 2014.
Took shortcut through Lindsley Heights Condo complex in North Caldwell, NJ. Proceeded up steep main driveway of complex and caught sight of object hovering approx. 15-30 feet over treetops. Object resembled two walnuts - an upper and lower - joined by a vertical "slat." Object was dark brown or black, displayed a slight horizontal highlight across its midline, possible had a segmented texture, no visible propulsion, no noise, no additional objects entering or leaving, no lights, no other known witnesses, no apparent interaction with environment. Object was first viewed while driving South. As object floated very slowly (not sure if it ascended; if so, did this quite gradually), toward Southwest, I lost sight due to trees. I drove West along side street to "catch up" with object, and caught a glimpse as it slowly entered low-lying fog.
Object did not appear to be drone. Object did not appear to be solar balloon (homemade or purchased) due to its shape. In any case, the foggy morning precluded sufficient sunlight from warming such a device. When first sighted, the larger walnut sat beneath a smaller version. After recapturing the object during the second sighting, the config. changed: Both spheres adopted a more horizontal position. At maximum height, object approached about 300 feet. The smaller walnut was either truly smaller, or simply farther away from me (perspective effect), so this confounded an accurate size estimate. All in all, the object resembled a musical note with a smaller sphere at the top, instead of the familiar "flag." It did not demonstrate the rapid ascent or wind-blown course of a
fully inflated balloon (like a child's science project). The object appeared to move deliberately and without regard to witnesses. I have searched a variety of UFO shapes on the internet. This object did not fall into any of those categories.

Thank you
