{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-14 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68260","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5491310.json","updb_database_id":5491310}
{cak} What looked like three invisibly connected star-like or bright white lights forming triangular formations in the sky seemed like a vessel

My boyfriend and I were at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts festival in Manchester TN June 14, 2013. It had to of been pretty late at night because we had recently come back to our camp site after seeing Paul McCartney (the last set of the night I believe). We had not done any drugs or had drank recently as we were worn out from the drinking earlier the day before, we had taken some Adderall but we both had a prescription for it so the effects were no different then any other day and if anything would cause us to be more alert and observant. We were sitting in his car just talking for awhile trying to get away from the chaos for a bit and as he was speaking to me I kept looking out of the passenger side window at the stars. Since we were basically on a farm and there were no clouds you could see WAY more stars then you usually would in the bright city. At one point I looked out and I noticed what I thought were 3 bright stars in a triangular shape until I saw them move! 

They would be completely still in suspension/hovering and then would just move in a random direction very quickly and perfectly (right, straight down, and then straight up etc.). When I say "still" I mean there was no bobbing or anything as they moved like maybe a helicopter would do, so I don't think air resistance was involved or a contributing factor to it's flight (the "ship" or what ever didn't seem to need to be aerodynamic), just perfect intended straight lines and then solid VERY controlled stillness in the air as if that spot in the air was supporting them like the ground would or how actual stars are still and stuck in their positions in the sky (from our perspective). This is necessary to mention because the "stars/lights" themselves were not necessarily still, they appeared to move or morph while in sky (I don't know why but I had an impression that it was to make the movement more fluid or something maybe balancing the energy I don't know). While all three continued to appear connected ( by invisible edges) they would seem to move geometrically such as the triangle would become more acute or obtuse (coming forward, backwards, sideways) at certain points but would always stay connected. 
Generally they stayed within a smaller area in the sky as they moved around, if I were to put my hands up in the sky to measure the distance,from my perspective it would be the equivalent of about a foot between two hands in the sky and it looked pretty high so I guess that would probably pan out to a distance of a couple miles if I have to guesstimate. Another thing we both noticed was that the space occupied in between the star-like lights while transparent or invisible seemed to distort light a little bit like the way heat does rising from hot pavement, this was another reason for us to believe that they were connected. We watched this for a minute or so when it suddenly (for lack of a better word) beamed away in an instant, almost like it got sucked away from the space it was in, essentially vanishing. We were both in aw and also I think grateful to be with each other at the time to verify our sanity. Oddly enough my boyfriend seemed to get over it rather quickly as I on the other hand was practically in a trance looking at that same space in the sky that the lights disappeared from. I noticed something really strange start to become visible to me after it "beamed" away, it was like a HUGE grid system way up in the atmosphere connecting everything, I had never seen this before but I felt a weird sense of understanding or familiarity with it when I saw it, like I knew somehow intuitively that the "light ship" thing I just saw worked with that grid some how, it was a very strange yet satisfying feeling and I just kind of accepted it at the time. When our other friends came back to the camp site an hour or so later I yelled from my tent what we had saw earlier and asked if they had seen it also. In their drunken' stupor they laughed at the idea and patronizingly suggested that we were probably drunk and saw something as mundane as some lanterns in the sky(out of all the possibilities), at which point It was clear to me that it was not worth our time to share such an experience with them and went to bed.
