{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-09-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5505310.json","updb_database_id":5505310}
{cak} This was a mothership sighting and hundreds of UFOs were spotted.

I have sat on this story for over 23 years now. Mainly because I was too embarrassed to tell anyone for fear of them thinking I was a total nutcase. Until now, the only people that knew of this were my very close family, close friends, and the three of us that witnessed this event.
In 1990 I was 17 years old and I was dating a guy who I'll call Bob. The night this happened, we had been out to dinner and were returning to his house where he lived with his mother. As we turned right on the road leading to his neighborhood, I noticed that he kept looking out his driver's side window. (he was driving) I finally said, "What do you keep looking at?" Bob said, "I don't know, looks like a UFO. It's been following us for quite a while." Well...admittedly, I laughed at him. I said, "What are you talking about?" Bob was quite the exaggerator and I just assumed he saw an airplane and upon putting his spin on it, turned it into this stalking UFO. At the time, I just never really thought about the existence of UFOs and aliens, so I really didn't have an opinion about them one way or the other. He said, "I'm not kidding!", and with this he pulled over to the side of the road. He said, "Here! You lean over me and look at this!" I did, and indeed I saw something I'd never seen before. It was a triangular craft with three lights on it. Two of the lights were orange and one was yellow. These lights were positioned at each point of the triangle. I just looked over at Bob and said, "I don't know what that is!" I sat back down in my seat and no sooner had I done that when I heard Bob say, "Oh S#$%! It stopped too!" Bob drove a souped up Ford Mustang equipped with nitrous oxide and I assure you we drove off from there faster than most! We pulled into his driveway and both of us got out of the car. Bob was standing to the right of me and we looked up and saw the triangular craft again. He said, "I'm going inside to get Mom!" So I watched Bob run up the steps of the porch, open the door, and go inside.
What I saw when I looked back up to the sky haunts me to this very day. This was NOT the triangular craft that we had just observed! I was now standing there looking at largest object I had ever seen! It was as big as a city, and that is no exaggeration. The bottom of the craft I was seeing was round at the bottom, But I could see it was hollow inside. The inside went up as high as two or three skyscrapers stacked upon each other. I could see different levels in this hollow inside. The inside was luminescent. I couldn't see an individual light source, it just kind of glowed. I remember thinking to myself several times, "I cannot believe how high up this craft is!" Suddenly, as I watched I could see what looked to be cargo bay doors opening around the entire periphery of this huge ship. These doors curved around the bottom of the craft, so I guess that's how I saw them open. Now I could see smaller crafts shooting out of each of these doors! There were hundreds of them! I can't really say exactly what these ships looked like, I just knew there were tons of them shooting off in every direction. That was quite enough for me! I have never been that scared in my entire life! I took off to run into the house and passed my boyfriend and his mom on the way. He said, "Where are you going?" I told him I was too scared, I had to go in! I paced nervously in front of the screen door and watched my boyfriend and his mom as they observed this horror. About five minutes later they came back in, and Bob's mother looked at me and said, "Oh my God!!" I said, "Did you see it, Did you see it? All those smaller ships coming out of the big one?" She said, "Oh my God, Yes!" 
After this, I don't recall us ever really bringing this subject up any more. It was kind of like we were too scared to talk about it, and just as soon forget it. To this day I continue to have UFO sightings. I also continue to have nightmares about UFOs and being abducted. I'm not saying I was abducted by any means, because I didn't have any missing time or any unusual marks on my body. But I now keep a journal of my sightings and my dreams now.
