{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-25 12:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5468310.json","updb_database_id":5468310}
{td} I summons the UFO's & they come. I am discret and quick to get photos needed.

I have three volumes called UFO Exposure Book 1, 2, 3. sold on Amazon. For the last three years I have taken UFO photos every day as a commitment to do a special 7 volume book series and teach UFO classes when needed. 

How I started as a UFO whisper was when I posted a blog called Christed Et's make contact. I am a spirituality life author for the last 27 years (soul existence revealed volume 1, 2 ,3) are my published books and coming out with one called cosmos beings and teach how to stay conscious when you die and travel to do so. I went out side after posting the blog on ET;s and a spherical silver large ship stayed hovered in place over my home for more than for hours and I got bored and went indoors. Two days later even close on the side of the house another larger spherical ship appeared and instantly disappeared and was about thirty feet away and above the tree line. I had my cell phone then and was able to take a photo and immediately posted it on my blog on christed Et's make contact, I added the UFO photos of others since then and on the day of the second appearance right before me I made a telepathic connection and asked if I could get a positive crew of ET's to help me get the photos every day I committed and if they would. They have since then and enjoy going out each day to do so. I was in my car of those I sent you. I can be in my house at any window even or anyplace and call them and they come discreetly and so I do not always see them with my physical eyes and other times I do while video taping and taking photos each day. It is rare for anyone to get quality daily photos of UFO's and ether ships or space crafts and air crafts of the intergalactic soul people beings in our earth air space. I even take photos of the same UFO's the astronauts have seen and air men or other UFO contactees and sightings all around the world.

These photos and video footage for 5/25/2018 I decided to send to get verified for future events I may teach as a UFO summoner official modern UFO contactee, [item moved to FI Report{td}] . If I can be of use for future events on the UFO and ET topics and mufon events or meeting please contact me as well to speak on all topics of UFO and ET. In the video their is a yellow butterfly in front eventually flying by then in back ground is the UFO as well as many more UFO's in the vido live footage showing off. I use power media player and pause the video and move forward one segment at a time to slow down and find the UFO's in each video I take of live footage. I have lots of video and photo UFO footage and would be happy to take your investigators out to get their own footage... for sure UFO;s of the good kind and friendly, will show up and then maybe physical visually in front of you with your own eyes, it is intriguing and fun. Thank you for your time.[Item moved to FI report{td}]
