{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-05-28 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5549310.json","updb_database_id":5549310}
solid black square object hovering over apartment complex in broad daylight

On Sunday May 28th at approximately 7:30 Eastern time I was visiting my close friends that I have known over 20 years. The apartment complex is Riverchase apartments in Clarksville, Indiana located across the Ohio River just north of Louisville Kentucky where I reside. 
It is my regular routine to visit said friends on Sundays because it is the only occasion all three of us are off work. 
We were outside in the patio area grilling hamburgers and hotdogs. I was standing facing East/South East.  Directly in front of me less than a quarter mile away behind the adjacent apartment buildings Interstate 65 extends North and South. 
Myself, my friend Edward, and his brother Randall were standing and chatting, and for no particular reason I glanced directly up and noticed a peculiar object that was unusual enough that I called my friends attention to it. 
The sky above was clear with intermittent clouds as a storm was approaching behind us from the west. 
We observed the object for 20 to 30 seconds before I suggested to my friend that he go retrieve his binoculars. 
We all agreed the object we were viewing was a black square. 
There was no frame of reference to determine the relative distance or size of the object from our vantage point. 
It *appeared* to be above Interstate 65. 
The object was moving very slowly straight up.
Each of us observed the object through the binoculars as well as the naked eye, and the proportions remained consistent. 
The object was completely square, and lacked any surface details or features. There was no reflectivity or oscillation of the object. No markings, lights, or deviations from the square configuration. 
The object continued straight up and decreased in size as it advanced. It remained in view long enough for a detailed discussion on what it most certainly wasn't and what it could possibly be. 
The object in question was NOT an airplane, a helicopter, a blimp, a balloon, an insect, a black plastic garbage bag, a bird or birds, or a toy. 
The objects configuration did not adhere to established aerodynamic principles as I understand them. 
There was no sound emitted by the object. The objects surface again gave no reflectivity suggesting a non metallic surface. 
In conclusion, witnessing the object disturbed me. 
I consider myself a fairly informed, bright individual, college educated, and I witnessed something that I cannot identify or rationalize. 
I have a moderate understanding of aerodynamics, physics, astronomy, meteorology, and various aerial phenomenon, and this object defied any conventional explanation and has left me puzzled and mystified. 
The incident had a wrongness to it, as this sort of thing isn't something you are supposed to see in the sky in broad daylight over a major metropolitan area. 
Roughly an hour after the incident, I called Louisville International airport and spoke with the radar operator, to ask if there were any anomolous objects in Southern Indiana, or whether the military was conducting exercises, both of which I was informed were NOT the case. 
I have considered many possible rational explanations to satiate my curiosity, including the possibility of a local transformers electromagnetic field influencing perception, but three individuals witnessed the same phenomenon which precludes mass delusion to my satisfaction. 
I do wish to say that reading such reports or seeing it on TV over the years is one thing, but to actually experience such a bizzare anomoly firsthand is quite jarring, at least to me, because of the many implications.
