{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-31 20:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5546310.json","updb_database_id":5546310}
Looks like a bright flashing star. Zoom in on video looks like it has a cylinder structure.

The first time I noticed the lights was on 
March 29, 2010. Myself, my wife, and our 3 kids were star gazing in the backyard. I noticed this star that seemed to be shinning awfully bright. We watched it through the telescope. It did not move. Then more lights appeared around it. They flash real bright, then dim out, then reappear, sometimes in a different spot, and sometimes appearing to move. It seemed odd to us, so we started watching for them. My wife takes pictures each time we see them, to show what we are seeing and record the dates. We saw them again on April 12 and April 27. Then on May 5, 2010 we decided to drive in the direction we are seeing them. I took the video camera and zoomed in as much as possible on one of the lights. My wife took pictures of the surrounding lights. We watched the video of the lights frame by frame and noticed that within the ball of light there seemed to be some sort of cylinder structure. We were amazed at what we saw. While searching the internet for other similar sightings, we came across MUFON, and Clifford Clift. I met with him and gave him a copy of my video. We saw the lights again about 2 more different times after we talked to Cliff, no pictures or video these times. Then on May 21 we had some friends over and they appeared again. Our friends are as amazed as we are. Our friend videoed some with my video camera. Then on May 31, 2010 we saw them again. This night I caught some of the best video. I zoomed in as much as possible and focused on one light. Next thing I know another light appears right next to it. After reviewing the video, I noticed that the second light that appears actually flew in (very dim) from the left and stopped at the top right of the first light, then lights up as bright as the first. Both of these lights seem to have the same cylinder structure. I called Clifford again to let him know of the video. He had refered me to speak with Cheryl Gantz. She asked me to report to MUFON what we have been seeing. Then on June 2, 2010 we saw them again. 

Each time that we see the lights, it seemes to be after 8:00p. Usually we notice 2-5 lights, lasting from about 15-45 minutes, then they just disappear. They flash very colorful lights, starting off yellow/orange then red, blue, green, purple. They do not appear in the same area each time. And their actions are different each time, sometimes sitting still, blinking out, reappearing, sitting together, or moving apart. At times they move very slow and other times possibly as fast as a plane, maybe faster. I also notice that at times they seem to try to appear as a plane using the blue and red lights. We truely all very excited for what we keep seeing!
