{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-12 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5495310.json","updb_database_id":5495310}
{rjl} watched a large black boomerang craft with 5 large glowing lights make no sound and disappeared from sight as if cloaking engaged in front of us. very large

It began Dec.12,2013, around 10:15 p.m. when a friend was bringing over a fish tank for my kids and upon his arrival he and his girlfriend immediately began to tell me of these strange lights in the sky. Greenish in color moving across the sky,fairly low altitude which would go away and re appear several times.I immediately started looking to the sky and saw nothing,five minutes passed quizzing him asking him to tell me everything, as my wife steps outside and told them jokingly "please don't get him started". You see I have always been interested in UFO's,space,our planet's history, etc. And I've always wanted to see something I couldn't explain as far as this subject goes, but never did. 

We unloaded the tank and equipment and brought it inside, still asking him about what all he saw. The conversation continued and we were inside about 10 minutes before they were about to head out. As we stepped outside, we walked to my driveway and we're saying our goodbyes as I was still intrigued of his sighting we gave a look to the sky, I first, and the pair of them almost immediately after and there it was. A very large, dark, craft, boomerang in shape but with sharp edge's. 5 large, dimly glowing yellowish lights underneath the craft with the middle one where the front would be and 2 on the sides, but all underneath. I could not believe what I was looking at and began to hit the arm of my friend as to get his attention to look up but they were both already staring at it as well. It made no sound, and the best description of the way it looked against the night sky was like how in the movie Predator, when he(the Predator) would be cloaked in the trees, you really wouldn't be able to see him except if he moved, well that's how this craft looked against the night sky. You could see the edges, but only because it was moving, and slowly at that.As for the lights, they were glowing with a slight pulse, bright but very faint at the same time, but large. It traveled slowly in plain sight and as weird as it sounds, just disappeared. Totally where it should have still been visible, but just wasn't. This whole ordeal lasted only 20 seconds or so but made a very big impact on me. I wrote the date down onto my desk, even called my friend after we freaked out on what we had just seen and had him tell me exactly what he saw as if I had not been there. Just amazing
