{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-04 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486310","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/310/mufon-5486310.json","updb_database_id":5486310}
{dr}noticed 5-6 reddish orbs looking out of basement window to SW and moving to NE then moved up into clouds

>>>>

when I first sighted the group of orbs I was sitting in my den in my basement apartment at my computer desk looking out the only window in this room, the view is up and to the southwest, the reason I looked out the window at this moment was as if something got my attention and I immediately noticed a group of reddish orbs directly in my path of view out the window, they were also moving closer to our location as if to go straight over the house in a northeasterly direction, this is a residential neighborhood with houses everywhere. I knew right away these were not airplanes or helicopters, I have observed aircraft all my life, so I know the difference. I have also witnessed multiple unidentified flying objects in my life, both, with and without fellow witnesses. I yelled at my wife to come look and she saw them right away also. We immediately decided to run upstairs and outside to get a better look, I grabbed my digital camera from the den in the process. once we got out into the back yard which is on the east side of the house we could see the orbs starting to spread out and then go straight up into the cloud layer, they were not moving very quickly, I say this in comparison to some reports which describe the off and gone in a flash occurrence, this group did not seem to be in a big hurry, at this time there was one straggler still moving under the clouds and headed northeast over the city, I started taking pictures of it with my 12 megapixel vivitar digital camera, nothing special but it works. once the final orb had moved up and out of sight I noticed my neighbor to the north staring up at the sky and he asked my wife what was that, she responded to him, those were UFOS. he seemed a bit shocked, I do not know if he has seen UFOS before and he has not mentioned them since.

My feelings and reactions were, how long were they looking at me through the window before I noticed them, did anyone else in the rest of this city see them, will they come back, also, for me it was like here we go again, what is gonna happen next, and I have felt like this sighting has altered my conscience since there are so many reports like this and now it has happened to me, again.

Note: the orbs never did seem to change color or size, just their positions in the sky as they seemingly were making themselves known to anyone in this city who happened to be looking up at the sky at the time.

I do not know if you can a good image from my digital shots, I know from watching your tv shows and others that you may be able to analyze them.

<<<<
