{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-04 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3076,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5502951.json","updb_database_id":5502951}
{nd} one bright red light with one bright green light approximately 1/2 the size climbed then hoveref then descended while emitting green beam

Was sitting in my hot tub in the backyard of my house at 11:30 pm and became aware of two bright lights which appeared to be either climbing vertically or flying toward my location from the southwest in a northeasterly direction. The red light was very bright and approximately 1/4 to 3/8 inch in diameter at arms length. The green light was equally bright but was approximately 1/4 to 1/3 the size of the red light and positioned slightly below the center and slightly left of the red light. They were separated by about one red light diameter.
As they climbed or proceeded in my direction, I initially assumed it was an airplane or helicopter but realized that was not the case since the red navigation light is not normally visible as an aircraft approaches. Red anti-collision lights are but those flash or strobe. The red light was steady throughout the event. As the lights approached I shined a fairly powerful flashlight in its direction whereupon all motion ceased and the green light began to pulsate with increasing irregularity. After approximately 10 to 20 seconds the lights began to descend and a beam of green light was visible emanating from the pulsating green light. The beam had a slight spread which indicated it was not laser like. The beam length was approximately 8-10 red light diameters in length and angled down from left to right at an approximate angle of 20 to 30 degrees from vertical. As the light descended below the level of the roofline, I stood on the hot tub to not lose sight. As I continued to observe the lights descend they appeared to merge into a single light, the beam disappeared, and the color changed to a yellowish, pinkish hue. I hurried indoors and woke my wife to see this. I went to my front porch which faces approximately southwest to continue viewing the lights as my wife joined me. She also observed the lights for approximately 10-15 seconds as they descended to the horizon and out of sight. 
The lights became smaller in size by about 1/2 diameter as they merged and descended. There was no sound throughout the sequence. My wife and I discussed this and decided it may be a UAV however this does not explain the lights, the beam or the changing light color or size. I am a pilot and air traffic controller with over 25 years experience and consider myself an excellent observer.
