{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-05-15 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6093,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5530951.json","updb_database_id":5530951}
They appeared round and very large-all six were the same size.

July 14, 2010

My UFO Experience

This sighting is not a new one. It is a sighting that occurred between 1954 and 1955. I was born in February 16, 1948. However, I wanted this sighting documented as I am the last one in my family alive that saw this incident.

When I was a child, my Mother, Father and myself lived at 210 6th Street on Miami Beach, FL. (What is now South Beach) I was approximately six or seven years old. I believe I was in second grade at the time.

Every day, when my Father would come home from work, we (my Mother, Father and myself) would walk over to the beach which was a block and a half from our bungalow.
On the beach there is a small coral wall approximately 2' high that runs the length of the beach. We would enter thru one of the openings and walk down the beach to the shoreline. On this particular day there appeared six UFO's right over the shoreline of the beach. They were very very low and were directly over the shoreline as well. They were in a kind of V formation. There was no point to the V but they were staggered two by two by two. Each set of two a little farther apart than the previous two. The amazing thing about these UFO's was that they were going at walking speed.

As my Mom, Pop and myself walked toward the shoreline I watched as people from the street and all over the beach started to walk quickly and even run toward these UFO's. A crowd gathered and everybody on the beach was walking with the UFO's. This lasted for about ten to fifteen minutes and I could clearly see the UFO's from the their underside. I can't say what size they were because in retrospect I was a child myself and a lot of things looked big to me. However, they appeared really big to me. There was a light pattern on each of them, all clearly the exact same as each other. There was no sound coming from the UFO's either.

While everybody was walking with the UFO's there appeared two jets coming from the south. Homestead Air Force base was about 20 to 30 miles from South Beach. They flew down toward the UFO's going over the shoreline and as they approached the six UFO's they split off at an unbelievable speed in six different directions upward. They went so fast that as the two jets approached in their downward flight towards the UFO's it gave the impression that the jets were standing still for a brief moment. As the jets screamed by the crowd on the beach, the UFO's regrouped way up in the sky and came back down to the shoreline exactly where they were before.

It took the 2 jets quite a while to get back up and circle around and come back down towards the UFO's. Again, the UFO's split in six different directions, only this time they didn't come back down to the beach. In a brief moment they were gone in the blink of an eye.

The next day, in school, the teacher asked how many students had seen the UFO's. As I recall it was somewhere between half to three-quarters of the class. She then asked that we draw what we saw. This was extremely interesting to me as everyone drew the UFO's that they had seen and some were round and some were oval. Some looked one way and some looked the other. However what was extremely interesting to me even at that time was the fact that no matter what the shape they perceived, the light pattern on all the UFO drawings was exactly the same.

As the years went by, since I had seen this event at such a young age with my Mom and Pop, what has been the strangest thing about this event was that when people questioned the existence of UFO's, having seen them myself, my view wasn't that the people who saw UFO's were nuts, but people that hadn't seen them and didn't believe in them were nuts.

My Mom recently passed and the day before she passed she asked me if I had remembered the event that had taken place on Miami Beach when I was a child. I told her that it had been the most momentous event in my life and I realized the it even eclipsed Kennedy's death.

Over the years my dad, who passed away in 1991. would talk with me and he had a hard time acknowledging this event. He could describe it in detail but he just kept saying that it wasn't a UFO event, but something we just didn't know about. He was born in 1903 and saw a lot of things in his life and this was just something he couldn't grasp.

Obviously, I have been fascinated by UFO's since that event. I've become a fan of science pertaining to the multi-verse and have found that the amount of galaxies and stars out there are so immense that if one billionth of one percent of the stars that are out there have intelligent life on them, then there would be billions of life forms in our multi-verse.

I belong to the South Florida Int'l Press club and at the last meeting I found some of the reporters that think they remember the incident on Miami Beach at that time. I have also looked to try and find pictures of the six UFO's and actually found a picture of them, not in Miami Beach but in Houston in 1956 flying in the same V formation.

Well, that is my account of my encounter with a UFO sighting and I just wanted to get it on record, as it has been the biggest event in my life and I am very grateful to have been part of actually seeing not one, but six UFO's.

If you have any questions or I can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact me at any of the above contacts.

I remain,

*(Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS)
