{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-26 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5509951.json","updb_database_id":5509951}
{nd} We were traveling by car and mysteriously ended up 2 hours away in 15 minutes,, everything was very strange in area

Yesterday June 26th, 2013, approximately 9:37pm things became unexplainable with a logical explanation. Me and my teenage daughter were travelling back from a brief stay on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, we crossed the bay bridge and travelled North on 695 towards Route 83 North to Pennsylvania. On 695 traveling North, right around the area where there is an exit to 83 South, there was a sign that said 83 North 2 1/2 miles (as there has been for the past 33 years I have been travelling back and forth from Maryland to Pennsylvania). The last thing I contiously remember saying before things got really wierd was "That is how you get to the Baltimore zoo" as we passed the exit to 83 South to Baltimore, We were preparing to bare right onto 83 North in a few moments as it is,I believe the next exit (or maybe the one after, but takes only a moment to get to once you pass 83 South). My 17 year old daughter was driving and I was assisting with directions so obviously we are sober, alert and paying attention. The next thing I consiously remember (and what seemed to be only a second to me), we are confused to find ourselves on the farthest left hand of the lane, rather than the far right lane (to prepare to bare right) where we were. There were concrete media strips and I noticed that on the right hand side, we had passed concrete media strips decorated with these beautiful stone bricks in various shades of brown and grey. That must be new, I say. Just then we see gas stations, hotels and fast food restaurants and I think to myself, we must have passed the 83 North exit, continued straight which should put us in the direction of Towson (and if you continue north on 695 to New York)...I believed at the time that we were just past our exit and just need to turn around, (I looked at my clock and only 15 minutes had passed since we saw 83 South exit). I go inside the first gas station and was told I am very far from my destination and recieve directions that will take me approximately 2 hours to get back to 83 North...I think there must be a shorter way, we are only 5 minutes off course. I asked someone outside who gives us similar directions and says that we are about 2 hours away from our destination. When my daughter asked what town we are in we are told numerous times we are in "Washington, the district of criminals". The gentleman advises us to not continue further on this road, it is very dangerous and that we will wind up in "downtown, district of criminals"...He says to follow him and he will show us where we can U-turn, which he does. As soon as we turn around we are surrounded by trees on both sides of the road. There were no trees there before, there were concrete median blocks for the entire trip and I couldnt see the 4 lanes of traffic on the other side of the road, all of a sudden there are plush trees blocking both sides of the highway and we can no longer see the 4 lanes of traffic on the other side of the "median strips" which are no longer there. All of the signs are brown, road signs, route signs and there were no information signs (gas stations, restaurants, lodges)...all of the signs are brown... the road has a tan pavement (?)...a second later we are back on black pavement and the signs are normal (green for roads, symbols for different routes and streets with different colors, blue for information-gas, restaurant, lodges) not to metion, they were all the same cities we had just previously passed with brown signs. We see that we are by NASA...on route 50, in Washington, below Baltimore (?). We see a triangle shaped flying object flying low directly above the ground straight down the highway, over our car and behind us, it was travelling low and slow. Then a few minutes later, we see a diamond, or similar shaped flying object going from West to East with round lights on the outer surface spinning around the shape of the object that dissapeared over the trees on the far left. It took us 2 or more hours to get home. I have looked at a map, and found route 50 in Washington. There is no way we could wind up there in 15 minutes from the area where we were and let alone any route from 695 directlty to route 50...it definately would take at least 1 hour and 45 minutes.
