{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-14 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4571,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5501951.json","updb_database_id":5501951}
{dr}Silver Toned Orange Glowing UFO Passes Overhead Large as a full moon traveling from ESE to WNW Above Thin CirroStratus Clouds

I went outside to observe the record sized full moon. There was a wispy thin covering of cirrostratus clouds in the sky, with the full moon and stars fully visible and spectacular, especially the full moon.
As I was returning into my back yard to go back into my house after watching the show, and also surveying all of the visible sky to look at the stars and see if there was anything else to view like airplanes or helicopters, which I saw none at all, I then heard a roaring jet like sound in the sky for a second or two just to the east of my position.
Since I had seen absolutely no jets in the sky only seconds before, just a chinese lantern like red glowing object rising vertically in the sky next to the beautiful full moon, which rose up in the air vertically until it disappeared from view due to distance, I ran into my backyard to see what was making the noise.
I then spotted a round object the size of the full moon traveling at a great rate of speed, traveling at four to five or more times as fast as a jet would go at maximum cruising altitude, maybe 1500 to 1800 MPH or more, traveling from the ESE to the WNW just above the cirrostratus cloud layer (12000 feet?) just above and slightly to the east of my position at 85 degrees of elevation.
Trees blocked my view before that elevation, with the view of the sky being unobstructed past the elevation. It passes directly overhead, and seemed to be either a dull orange in color or silver in color with a slightly orange dull glow to the object. I could see the slight cloud cover passing directly beneath the object, individual filaments of cloud being clearly visible directly beneath the object as it passed above me, like it was skimming directly above or through the topmost layer of clouds, as thin as the cloud cover was that night. The cloud cover appeared as more of a thin misty layer almost fog like in appearance, but very thin in substance.
The object passed above me heading to the WSW in a very rapid manner until it disappeared behind a large tree just to the west of my position at an elevation of 25 to 30 degrees off the horizon. It made absolutely no sound in passing, and did not part the cloud cover at all, thus my assumption that it was passing above the cloud cover, as thin as it was, or that it was passing through the very top of the cloud layer. I could see the cloud wisps passing directly beneath the objects belly.
I can only assume the roar like a jet that I had heard for a couple of seconds before the object was visible to me was of the object entering our atmosphere directly to the east of my position, because the object was completely soundless as it passes above me. There was no sonic boom, just a roaring sound like a jet makes at altitude but much louder sounding.

The whole experience, from hearing the initial sound, to the object passing completely from my view, lasted maybe 8 to 10 seconds, with the object actually in my view for only six or seven seconds.

This the fifth sighting in my area in the last 10 years of clearly discernable and well outlined objects. Two objects were of a classic delta shape, two of the objects were a classic saucer shape, with one being two different colors denoting a central part of a dark gray blue color with a silver bottom and top surface, and the orange/silver one which I spotted last night, and one other that I spotted in the summer of 2012 which started as an orange sphere shaped object with a white strobe light flashing at the rear, which stopped and then morphed into a classic saucer shape, with a saucer shaped bottom and a squarish top, which changed color so that it had a glowing bright red outline and then it ascended straight up to space from a stationary position from tree top level, cutting a hole through the cloud layers with it's body as it went through them.
