{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-14 18:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5520951.json","updb_database_id":5520951}
I went out side around 6:20 and saw 3 orange spheres moving rapidly up from the NW toward Charlotte

I went out side around 6:20 and saw 3 orange spheres moving rapidly up from the NW toward Charlotte . I am in Fort Mill, SC. The formed up a triangle, hanging motionless. Then Two of the orange lights appeared to merge into one, then slowly vanished. My neighbor and my wife both saw this. My neighbor stood outside watching as two more orange orbs move upward and hung motionless in the same area as the other 3 had been. These were brighter, more orb-like. The hung there mortionless, sometimes they looked like they were dancing around each other until they vanished. Two more, much brighter and more spherical rose up from the same direction. They were much brighter than the previous 5 that I had seen. My Neighbor and I continued to watch. These too slowly faded out, to a low magnitude star-like appearance, then disappeared. 
I asked my neighbor if he had ever seen anything like this. He said he was a trained pilot, had been in the military and seen a lot of aircraft, but none behaved like this. There was a lot of air traffic coming out of Charlotte Airport (we are in the flight path and one airplane flew almost directly over head. In the distance, beyond the tree line I could see other aircraft making their approach to the airport. 
What ever these orange orbs were, they did not behave like aircraft. Nor were they meteors and fireballs (I have observed and reported these also in the past to the American Meteor Society). They were not planets, or stars (I1ve been a sky watcher/amateur astronomer for years). They could have been flares or fireworks from the Carowinds area north of Fort Mill , but they did not behave like fireworks.
I did not notice any more orbs after 6:28PM, as I was taking garbage to recycle. I keep looking but failed to observer any further orange orbs as I drove off and came back.
I do not know what these were. But there were at least 3 witnesses who observed the same thing in the sky.
