{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5281951.json","updb_database_id":5281951}
Several abductions/visits

I have been visited multiple times since abt. 2013 by at least 5 different types of ET. 
6ft tall Nordic types accompanied with small grays abt. 3ft tall and a mantis creature on the ship. The first time, abt. 2013, I woke in the night to find 6 Nordics around my bed. 2 females and 4 males. All dressed in blue skin-tight suits with a silver lining around the neck. I sat up and asked what they were doing there and one female replied telepathically that they just wanted to talk to me for a while. I could sense that the men were very on edge at the sight of me and worried about any unexpected movements I might make. I accepted and they levitated me out of the apartment through the window. 
On the ship, there were small grays wearing the same outfits rushing around. I could sense that they were different, like beehive drones or robots. I could also sense a mantis-like creature (female). Very intelligent. When I tried to investigate the area and look around I could hear a voice in my head and see its face. It told me to go away and blocked my vision so that I could only see where I should go. I got the feeling that it did not think very highly of me (or humans).
I was moved into a line with other humans and stood near the bulkhead, The others were worried and scared. I was a little scared but mostly interested and excited. I made an off-color joke to the man in front of me and he was not amused. 
The line lead to what appeared to be a viewing area where people were watching movies of the earth being destroyed and their emotions were tested, I was told that it was a social experiment to understand humans more. 
The second time abt. 2018, I do not remember much. 4 to 6 of them appeared in my room and levitated me out through the front door. I was taken to what looked like a military bunker in a fur tree forest. I walked outside and talked with a male Nordic, I cannot remember what we discussed but it felt relaxing. There were many trees and the surroundings looked like Northern Europe. I am not sure if we were on Earth or another planet.  

Gray or brownish ET abt. 4.5 to 5ft tall.
I do not remember much. in 2020, I was sleeping on a cot in my barn on my land in Upstate NY. I woke to find 2 creatures standing to be the door with their backs turned. As soon as they sensed that I was awake they turned and knocked me out again. 

Tall grays/brownish ET abt. 6ft tall. 
Again in 2020, I was sleeping in the SUV that I parked in my barn because it was very cold outside. I woke to the sound and blinking lights of the back of the SUV opening and beeping. There were two tall grays waiting on each side. Once the tailgate was open each one grabbed a leg and pulled me out. I do not remember anything else. 

Both sets of grays were different spices but telepathic. I generally feel a feeling of annoyance from the grays.
