{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-01 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455951","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2507,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/951/mufon-5455951.json","updb_database_id":5455951}
{cak} Star like light moving south east to north west.

I saw a star like light low on the horizon approx. 10 - 15 degrees above the horizon. I was traveling south. I slowed when I saw it as I knew that it didn't belong there as a star of that magnitude. Jupiter was in the south west and the star was much dimmer than it was by a little more than half. I stopped completely and then knew it was moving for sure. At that same moment the star look turned into a ring of green light moving fast in the same direction it has as a star like object. As the ring of light moved it turned yellow then almost metallic gold. The tunnel of light it left in the sky faded quickly. From my perspective it went from a point of light to about the size of a pea to form the tunnel of light. 
Two days later I was getting gas and this one cashier asked me as she normally does if I had seen anything strange lately. I told her about the ufo on the first and what time. I then noticed that the other cashier had her mouth open and said, "Oh my God". That is about the time I saw something just like that. I went to the restroom so she could describe it to the girl I had been talking too. When I came back I described the exact same light from a different angle. She was watching it from the North where I would have been watching it from approx. 7 miles further West. The light would have been moving more in her direction. This reporting site wouldn't allow me to add her as a witness as I didn't know her name or other information. 
I believe that is all I can report on this incident at this time. I have and other sightings most of which are the distant unexplained light type. I have had a few of the closer type 2 kind, one of the type 3 kind seeing entities and have had lost time on several occasions. This was the latest. I always reported my sightings to Don Worley, but he has passed now so I reported this one here.
