{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-28 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64218","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5495227.json","updb_database_id":5495227}
{rjl} I took some pics on my cell phone earlier this morning,of what looks like 2 different UFO's. One of them is triangular and the other appears to be cylinder shaped with strange patterns on it. They appear every night at dusk for about 3 hours.

When I was putting my dog outside at about 1 AM this morning, I noticed a UFO. I always look up to the night sky because we have UFO's that show up every night at dusk. My mom and had watched them on several occasions, as they hovered over Lake Michigan in South Haven. We watched smaller lights come up from the water, and go up to the larger craft. Tonight, as I was letting my dog out, one of the the UFO's was a lot lower than usual, so I was particularly interested in it. It was emitting blue and red lights, as it always does. After taking pictures of it on my cell phone, I woke my mom up so that she could see it. We decided to go for a ride to try and get closer, but as my mom was getting dressed, I noticed that the UFO was no longer there. When I used the zoom on the picture, I noticed that there was a second object that I had not been able to see with my naked eye. It was quite small before I zoomed in on it. This is a very clear triangular shape craft, with what appears to be lights all around it. I was really exited about this picture. My mom suggested that I take a picture of the large light that was higher up in the sky. They stay in the same location for hours, and sometimes they move a little ways and stop again. My old phone could not capture these UFO's at night, but I realized tonight that my new phone could. I knew before I zoomed in, that I had an unusual looking craft in this picture. When I zoomed in it looked like a cylinder shape with a half moon type design on the left side,with a light blue color. On the right side were 2 sideways half egg shapes, that were white. I am not able to attach these pics, unfortunately. Several years ago, I along with a few friends, witnessed a small silver disk UFO. We were on motorcycles at a stop light. This UFO was very close to us. It hovered close to a house in broad daylight. After a couple minutes, it went straight up and went out of sight very quickly. Since then, I have been a UFO enthusiast. I had another sighting a few years later when I was in Alabama. I reported that sighting to Mufon. I witnessed 2 very large cylinder crafts that were white. It had columns or windows. They were very high up and very large. First it "messed" with my binoculars, and then they went behind a cloud and never went out the other side.
