{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5526227.json","updb_database_id":5526227}
2 objects approached from southwest

This happened yesterday, was sitting at my desk at University, getting ready to go to lunch. I sit next to a wall of glass, large windows on the 4th floor which commands a large view of southern sky. I often watch the sky for many reasons, one being to note birds (lack of lately).

I noticed 2 dark objects flying together, at first thought they were birds, as they approached closer saw the glint of sun on them, (was sunny and bright day-hot in 90s), then thought must be helicopters. We have the life flight copters here, but they are blue and white and 2 would not be flying together, especially this close. (these thoughts of logic and determination go through my mind when I see something, is a thought/deduction process). they were flying low, about the altitude a copter would fly. 

I continued to watch as the moved closer and then realized they were unknown craft and knew what I was seeing was very likely extra terrestrial or unknown gov't technology. I lean towards the former due to the fact these craft disappear so fast and quietly. 
They moved slow, would "dance" around, getting so close looked like they were almost touching, then one would cavort around the other. had no binocs or camera and the brightness of day made it hard to tell the shape (guessing triangular or saucer, but hard to say). they started to move up over building, at this point I ran down stairs and out but they just vanished.

this is the second time in 3 months I have witnessed a UFO. will submit the other later. I am well-versed in science and aware there are many races here and elsewhere. I do not understand the denial at this point.
