{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-09 03:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5487227.json","updb_database_id":5487227}
{nd} Saucer like object, just as they appear in movies and television. Emitting light from circumference

This was years ago, I was still in high school. I was up late one night surfing the web. We lived in a ranch home a mile or so from a small lake that channeled into Lake Michigan. We lived off of a small residential road, our home was surrounded by sandy fields and patches of forest. 
Anyways, our garage door was open and my mother's car was parked in the driveway. From the computer chair (as I turned around) I noticed that my mom's car lights were left on. The garage door being open made this visible. The car was parked perhaps, 30 or so feet from the garage building. Note: our house had an attached garage. 

Noticing this, I decided to go outside and turn of her headlights. I can't remember turning the headlights off (even though I must have). However, I do remember (either before of after turning the headlights off) seeing a saucer like object about 150 feet away from me. It was hovering about 10-20 feet off the ground and lights were emitted from the entire circumference beneath it. The size is hard to describe, I would say that it's circumference was 200-300 feet. I could compare the size to that of a reservoir of a smaller water tower. It's hard to think of something to compare it's size to. 

I was absolutely terrified. I felt like I was frozen with fear, but I somehow managed to make it back to my house? For the life of me, I cannot remember why I didn't attempt to wake my mom or brother up, or why I didn't go back outside to see if it was still there. Also, it is hard for me to recall what happened afterwards. I can't remember if I went to my bed and fell asleep, or if I was awake all night terrified. I don't think I spoke of this event for months. I was sort of in denial at first that it even happened. It's weird, and I just don't know what to think of it.
