{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-04-01 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5525227.json","updb_database_id":5525227}
I woke up approx. 3:oo AM, and observed large shower head-shaped craft emitting bright white light from surface, whith phospherus-type material dripping from openings. Did not see it leave, fell back asleep. e; light

In 1962, I was 20 years old. A male adult friend and I went to the Hemet, CA area to hunt rabbits. We parked on the side of a country road at night, so we could sleep in the car and get an early start with hunting. I was asleep in the rear seat of the car, and awoke around 3:00 AM, to the sound of loud buzzing, going up and down in volume, and a humming noise similar to a generator. I looked through the car's rear window and saw a large round object hovering approx. 50-100 ft. above a nearby ridge, N/E of our position.The object was shaped like a huge shower head with small openings all over the surface that was facing me. It was turned slightly to the S/E. My first reaction was that I thought it was a military flare of some type because of the bright white light, as well as the fact that it moved slightly side to side. But as I watched it longer, I realized that it was way too big to be a type of flare, although I did observe it was dripping bright white material from the openings that were all over the surface of the craft.There didn't seem to be any set pattern for the "drippings," as they came from different ports randomly.I don't know how long I watched the object but eventually I just went back to sleep. My companion did not wake up during my encounter, and I asked him later if he heard or saw anything unusual during the night, and he said he didn't recall anything. Because of the bizarre appearance of the object, I didn't want to tell him or anyone about it. Later,I couldn't understand why I didn't get out of the car to get a better look at the object, since I am normally very curious about such things. In the morning, I didn't observe any damage to the ground underneath the approximate location of the craft.
Over the years, I read hundreds of descriptions of UFO sightings and noticed that none of them described a craft similar to the one I saw in Hemet that night. In 2005, a famous psychic told me that I had an encounter with a alien UFO in the desert, before I could even finish my question. He said that the occupants of the craft were aware of my presence that night.
Then, on March 3,2009, a Long Beach PD helicopter obtained video of a UFO flying over the City of Long Beach that was exactly like the UFO I observed in Hemet, CA in 1962, but smaller in size. The video on YouTube shows the white craft emitting white phosphorus-like drippings from openings on the front surface, just like I saw in 1962. It is a little unsettling to see the same type of craft, after all this time, flying around so close to where I live. I have become aware that I am thinking about the encounter quite a bit, which bothers me, too.
