{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-15 02:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5093,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5491227.json","updb_database_id":5491227}
{rjl} Saw a bright

I was staying in a vacation house on Ocracoke Island, NC and it was my first night there. I was staying in a room with a 2 sided view (almost 180 degree view) of the pamlico sound, and wa slying in my bed reading, It was about 2:30 AM. I decided to turn off the lamp and go to bed, and was uncomfortably hot in bed, so I was lying with my eyes open. It had been perhas 10 to 15 minutes since I turned out my lamp, and the area outside (as well as inside) was very, completely dark (not many lights on the island, no streetlights). While atttemping to fall asleep, I saw a very very bright bluish-white object shoot out of the sound, heading from the southwest direction my feet were facing towards the northeast, heading over the island towards the ocean would be my guess. It trailed out of the water very quickly, but was very bright, bright enough to leave a "tail" behind it like a comet as it moved. I immediately recognized this as being odd and jumped up off of my bed and went to the window, but I could no longer see the object, as it had cleared the water and travelled away in such a short period of time. I stayed at the window and watched the vicintiy of the sound I could observe from my window, knowing this was a very odd thing to see. I had been searching the sky for about 5 minutes and was becoming hopeless I would see anything else out of the ordinary, when the object streaked back across my view and back into the sound, appearing to enter the water in th same vicinity of the area it had left. It also appeared just as bright as it had when I observed it leaving the water the same blueish white, same size, same characteritics, ect. It appeared to enter the water around the same 30-40 degree angle it had exited it at as well. After seeing it go back into the water, I woke up my girlfriend to tell her what I had witnessed. She did not believe me, however within a minute of the object re-entering the water and me waking her up, we both became aware of another light moving about the area. This was a circular, "orb" shaped object. Whereupon the initial object I had seen exiting/entering the water had no distinct shape that I could observe, this new object was clearly spherical, and appeared to be larger than a softball but smaller than a basketball. It would appear in one object of the sky, blinking on and staying lit for indescriminate amounts of time, usually being lit with a white colored light for anywhere from 3-15 second intervals. The light it emmited was always white, however it changed in occurence and timing. It didnt blink, just came on and off the way a lightbulb or firefly would. This was no lighbulb or firefly however, one second we would observe it across the sound, and 15 seconds later it would be on the other side of the house, after another short period we would observe it somewhere else further or closer to us. I would say this object continued blinking on and off for about a 5 to 10 minute period, me and my girlfriend just watched it, wondering what it was, either of us figuring it out. We observed it "blink on and off" a total of probaly 20 to 25 times before it stopped. My girlfriend went back to bed after about 15 minutes of inactivity, I stayed up hoping to see it again but never did. I observed the next night and saw nothing. Then, three days later, my stepfather struck up a conversation with the other guests at the house about a light he had seen the night earlier (the night of the 17th). He described seeing a blinking round object that would change location irratically, at one point being on this side of the island, only to blink out and reappear suddenly far away at other places on the island. He had seen our orb!! Me and m girlfriend immedialty told him what we had seen, it sounds like we both saw the same type of orb appearing and reappearing. He says he observed its activities for about 20 minutes from the porch outside before it dissapeared. He never saw any object enter or exit the sound though. He has never been open about UFO's or anysuch phenomena, and thinks it silly. I was very surprised when he told me without knowing what me or my girlfirend had seen a matching description of this object fluttering around, I think it genuinley had him baffled, and he is not one to be baffled easily. Anyways, maybe it is worth checking out. I wonder if anybody else on the island this week has observed any of this activity, especially in or around the side of the Pamlico sound.
