{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5292227.json","updb_database_id":5292227}
Lights and apparent fin structure on back of craft.

Coming home from security work outside of El Paso on Military property and traveling south on railroad drive, I observered an object that suddenly appeared over El Paso. What caught my eye were the six lights that I observed in the sky. I have seen many helocopters here flying for the military and I at first thought that was what I was seeing. Six helocopters in a staggered formation, which I had seen before. This formation seemed to be in a turn in my direction. As I watched it slowly made a left turn to the north to go up railroad in my direction. I observed the lights slowly disappear as it approached me. I came to my street to turn for my home and made the turn and pulled over to the side and parked. I jumped out of my car and crossed to the other side of the street into a vacant lot and watched the craft as it came directly over me. The nose was of a kind of wedge shape and the crafts shape against the sky seemed to be somewhat triangular. The bottom of the craft seemed to shimmer like the sun when it reflects off water. The object made no noise and was going so slow that a normal aircraft would have fallen out of the sky. I observed it go north out of town and saw it make anouther left turn to the west and accelerate almost instantly out of site. The next day I looked in the El Paso Herald Post to see if it had been seen by anyone else. There was and article about something seen over El Paso. I cannot find that article now. I am guessing at the month and year. I needed to tell this because this crafts design I have never heard or read before or since. Those lights were mounted on fins, one after the other and highter than the one before. I have a friend Glenn Green who investigates for you. Please let him have this sighting.
