{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-24 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28409","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5527227.json","updb_database_id":5527227}
I was at the beach out on the patio smoking a cigar and was watching a greanish object (I thought to be a helocopter) flying for 5 or so minutes. All of a suden, it zipped back to where I 1st saw it in a split second.

I was out on the patio at a house in Emerald Isle smoking a $5.25 cigar. I looked up and was followinf whar I thought to be a Helicopter flying down the beach very high up. All of a sudden the light zipped back (and I di mean ZIPPED BACK to where I 1st started watching it !!! There were 3 in all. I looked at the cigar and then started yelling (ya'll better get out here "to my son, daughter-in-law, wife and grand-children to get out there !!! All I could see were green objects (start's) At 1st I thought that maybe saylors were flying kites with glow sticks in them they acted like kites. I got my wife, daughter-in-law, oldest son (the Grandkids were going ballastic) I got my digital camers in-zoomed in all the way and started snapping pictures. I have one that you can see a v shape with windows on 2 sides. They made no noise and would change shapes into see through "orbs" at will. They could move miles at the blink of an eye or fly as slow as a feather in the wind. The pictures will help.
Freeked us all out, scared the crap out of us to.
I can photocopy you the pictures with a scanner (can't figure out how to hook mine up) but, I have friends at church with a scanner that works and will do so Sunday (if they come to church !!!) If not, I will try to connedt mine to my computer. I am sure that you will be impressed. I watch alot of UFO Programs on the educational channels.
My feelings said (that is a UFO) It could-not have been anything elce. Unless some sailors on off shore boats hat cables 2 & 1/2 miles long and had; very good contral of the kites they were flying. However, I have never seen a kyte fly straight for 1 mile them immediately go back to it's starting place in the bling of an eye. Impossible, unreal, fasinating.
My wife and daughter-in-law watched them the longest. Grandad had to take care of the histerical grandchildren !!!
