{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-23 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503227","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/227/mufon-5503227.json","updb_database_id":5503227}
{rjl} Daughter and I saw 3 very bright orbs over ocean, two at the same height and one higher than the others

We live here in Southport and the weather was nice, the tide was low so my daughter wanted to go for a night walk on the beach. We grabbed our flashlights and headed to the public access on 42nd street. We had been observing the meteor shower two nights before and were looking to see if we could see any. The sky was clear, very dark where we were walking. About four minutes into our walk we were looking over the ocean and saw an aircrafts lights blinking in the distance to our right. Suddenly this very bright orange orb appeared far to the left of the aircraft and looked much closer than the aircraft was flying. It was so bright that it almost hurt your eyes to look at it and it cast light over the ocean in a dull orange glow. Then another appeared maybe 5 seconds later to the right of the first one. Just as bright and just a little lower than the first.. I told my daughter to get her camera out and she yelled "oh my god, dad run" and she headed for the truck. Just then a third light appeared and it was higher in the sky than the other two. She stopped and shined her flashlight in their direction and they all disappeared at the same time. The event lasted about 30 seconds. I would describe the brightness as being equivalent to standing under one of those large street lights that have the orangish glow to them, and looking straight up into it. It wasn't ships out on the horizon due to the fact that one was higher than the other two. It wasn't any type of aircraft and not flares. I'm a former canine officer and Air Force veteran and have never seen anything like it. My daughter is so scared now that she doesn't want to sleep in her upstairs bedroom. Guess I'll be sleeping on the couch with her tonight. She is pretty shaken up by it.
