{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5474203.json","updb_database_id":5474203}
{rjl} Witnessed 3 random lights

Myself and two other witnesses were out side. There were various planes about at lower altitudes. While I was looking at a low flying plan ...in my perifreal vision I caught what appeared to be a camera flash just above my head. I stopped looked up and watched for it again....I witnessed a white to yellow White flasg above my head at 90 degrees. It was about the size of an aspirin above my head and there were no clouds directly above my head stars can clearly be seen. The flash was random and did not have any certain sequence. At times it would flash several times and there may be a delay of about 10 to 15 seconds. The flashes are much brighter than an aircraft stroke.Sometimes instead of a flash it would fade in and fade out with no flash. The object hovered above us for approximately two or three minutes flashing in the same spot directly overhead. The object then moved towards the East at a slow pace. No sound was heard from said object. The object continued east ward until disappearing over the horizon. The flashes would either be a flash or a fade but not following any preset patterns such as an aircraft light and no other colors were seeing other than white and yellow white dim.  Upon turning back to the east and looking up again we witnessed another light. This one appeared to be at a higher altitude and was a blue and red light. Smaller than the one previously witnessed. This light was an approximately 751 above head and was moving slowly  To the Southeast. We watched this light for approximately two minutes and then caught yet another light. The next light was in the east at approximately 601 was a blue to blue white color approximately the size and appearance of a star but this light moved to the south east rather quickly. There were aircraft about flying out lower altitudes however this light appeared to be at an extremely high altitude as it appeared to be a star but was moving at a very rapid speed. The transit from east to south east out of sight was approximately 10 seconds.
