{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-17 14:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5499203.json","updb_database_id":5499203}
El ovni entr1, sali1 y entr1 luminosamente del Volc1n Galeras. cambiaba su tama1o y luminisencia. No volvi1 a salir. Dos personas lo vimos.

2031/5000
I got home after lunch, and went up to the terrace to sunbathe. The sky was clear, there were no clouds, and you could see the Galeras Volcano very beautiful, very illuminated by the sun. But there was a strange shape on the skirts of the Galeras that caught my attention. I see my volcano every day and I know him very well and what I had in front of me was not normal. A small light was facing the Volcano with a slight but constant flash, it did not move, but I kept looking at it, then, its size began to grow, and with it the level of luminosity. The light became very strong, and you could see how the UFO was spinning on itself. this lasted approx. 15 minutes. Then, it returned to its original size and gradually intruded into the volcano Horizontally, penetrating the front of the Volcano, disappearing from my view.
I waited and waited for it to come out and nothing ... then I went to the internet to inform me if someone on Facebook had seen it, but I found nothing ...
Almost 20 minutes passed, when my housemate came up to see me and told her that she had seen a UFO, and she laughed, she did not believe me. I told her everything without convincing her, but at that moment, the UFO came out again and this time my friend saw it. She was very scared because the object made the exact same movement that I saw again, it even came much closer to us than the first time I saw it. She saw its shape and how it turned. Then the UFO entered the Volcano again and never came out again. It was like 2:40 pm when we didn't see him anymore. Then I went out to work and never saw anything again. In these days I have been very aware of what happens in my Galeras Volcano ... at this time the volcanic activity in the area usually changes and I would like to see this event again to be able to record it. Unfortunately, the cell phone does not record that far. I live in Pasto-Nari1o-Colombia. at least 6-7 km in a straight line from the Volcano. It is very easy to see, but I feel like you have very close visits from these ships or UFOs. Thanks for reading my report.

llegue a casa despu1s de almorzar, y sub1 a la terraza para tomar el sol. El cielo estaba despejado, no hab1a nubes, y se pod1a ver al Volc1n Galeras muy bello, muy iluminado por el sol. Pero hab1a una forma extra1a en las faldas del Galeras que me llam1 la atenci1n. Yo veo todos los d1as a mi volc1n y lo conozco muy bi1n y lo que ten1a en frente no era normal. Una peque1a luz estaba de frente al Volc1n con un destello leve pero constante, no se mov1a, pero lo segu1 mirandolo, entonces, su tama1o comenzo a crecer, y con esto el nivel de luminosidad. la luz se hizo muy fuerte, y se pod1a divisar c1mo el ovni giraba sobre s1 mismo. esto dur1 aprox. 15 minutos. luego, regreso a su tama1o original y poco a poco se intridujo en el volc1n de manera Horizontal, penetrando la parte frontal del Volcan desapareciendo de mi vista. 
Esper1 y esper1 a que salga y nada.... entonces entr1 a internet para informarme si alguien en facebook lo hab1a visto, pero no encontr1 nada... 
pasaron casi 20 minutos, cuando mi compa1era de vivienda, subi1 a verme y le cont1 que hab1a visto un ovni, y ella se ri1, no me cre1a. le cont1 todo sin convencerla, pero en ese momento, el ovni volvi1 a salir y esta vez mi amiga Lo vi1. Se asust1 mucho por que el objeto volvi1 a realizar exactamente el mismo movimiento que yo v1, incluso se acerc1 mucho m1s hacia nosotras que la primera vez que lo v1. Ella vio clara su forma y como giraba. Luego El ovni entr1 de nuevo en el Volc1n y no volvi1 a salir m1s. Eran como las 14:40 cuando no lo vimos m1s. Luego, sal1 a trabajar y no volv1 a ver nada. En estos d1as he estado muy pendiente de lo que pasa en mi Volc1n Galeras... por estas fechas suele alterarse la actividad volcanica en la zona y me gustar1a ver otra vez este suceso para poder grabarlo. Lastimosamente el celular no graba de tan lejos. Yo vivo en Pasto-Nari1o-Colombia. masomenos a 6-7 Km en l1nea recta del Volc1n. Es muy facil verlo, pero siento que tiene visitas muy seguidas de estas naves u ovnis. Gracias por leer mi informe.
