{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5504203.json","updb_database_id":5504203}
{cak} I witnessed symbols or writing on the roof of my home in the snow along with three other people.

I am coming forward almost two years later to tell you my story. I am still in disbelief and worried. So here it goes.

I woke up at about 9:00 in the morning. At first there was nothing out of the usual. We were forecasted to have snow the night before but had gone to bed before it did. It was the next day. My husband asked me to go look out our bedroom window as I was getting out of bed to check and see if it had snowed overnight. I went to the window and all of a sudden I felt all the blood drain out of my face. My heart racing and in complete awe of what I was looking at, my husband asked, "well do you see any snow"? I didn't answer. Then he asked again and I said get up you need to see this!!!!!!!! NOW!!!!!!!! He joined me at our bedroom window and looked down to the roof. It had snowed but what we saw with the snow appeared to be writing on our roof. It looked hyrogliphic in form and symbol. All of the impressions in the snow or the writing looked even in proportion to each other and spaced out with no evidence of anything around it. It was like it was stamped into the snow on our roof. It went from one end of the roof to the other. It was approximately 15 feet or better in length. We tried to rationalize what could have done this. Was it an animal on the roof like a bird, squirrel or raccoon? There were no animal foot prints or tail prints. Was it a joke being played on us by someone? But there were no ladder marks, handprints or foot prints. We decided to call up my brother and dad to come up stairs to see it. As at the time they were living with us. They came up and were in shock at what they were seeing. They were confused and tried to rationalize it from one end to the other only to come up with no explanation. I trust my husband, brother and dad. They are the most rational people I know. To see three men's facial expressions view the writing on our roof was of epic proportions to me. We were all alarmed and still can't figure out what did this to this day. When I kept looking at the writing on the roof I felt this isn't real. Who did this. Why? I had an overwhelming feeling we have been marked or chosen. Before all of this I experienced some other unexplained phenomena and it still continues in and around our home.
