{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-27 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5509203.json","updb_database_id":5509203}
{nd} 1 Metalic Sphere, 1 Bullet-Shaped White Craft, 2 Possibly 1 Being(s)

The first being I saw (there were either 2, or 1 I suppose. Both seen on different dates.) was witnessed only by myself (as far as I know,) and it occurred while I was driving down a road adjacent to our own. At the end of the road (it is a dead end,) I saw a slightly blurred-out looking white being, maybe 4-5 feet in height. It darted into the woods surrounding the road, the sighting probably not lasting for more than 1-2 seconds. No one else in the vehicle seemed to have witnessed it, but friends who live on the same road the white entity was sighted on seemed to have also witnessed (on separate occasions,) a mysterious white figure. Similar in stature to "the moth man." 

The second time I saw a white being, I was walking in the opposite direction up the very same road. (both of these incidents were before the UFO sighting I witnessed on July 27th, but I can not recall the exact date. No more then 2 weeks apart.) I was looking down at my feet as I walked. There was a sulfurous smell in the air, similar to what I could smell at the time of the UFO sighting. In any event, I looked up, and just before a bend in the road stood a similar (or the same, who knows?) white being, still seemingly blurred. It quickly darted around the bend, and I lost sight of it. No visible features, other than a white human-like shape. For one reason or another, I thought nothing of it. I simply went on walking in the same direction, but did not come across it again.

Now, on the the UFO sighting. I was taking a walk only meters away from the bottom of my driveway when I noticed a strange sulfurous smell in the air. I witnessed a strange plane fly overhead, which is strange in our area. It looked almost like a Nasa Space Shuttle in plane-form. Silly as it sounds, Ill try to describe it. It had an orange stripe on the back and nose, and the rest was white. The orange almost seemed like a separate piece-- it actually looked a bit like a missile. But it was moving at a relatively normal speed. It was obviously earthly in origin. Moving on, though, I walked further down our road only to see/hear more planes-- about 4 in total, I believe. I was watching one plane when I heard another behind me, and turned around. Maybe a 1/2 second to 1 second later, a match-head size (from my perspective, it must have been high in the air,) metallic spherical object came into view. I don't recall how, it just kind of appeared in my visual range. It "flew" in a straight trajectory for about 1-3 seconds, until it went over the tree-line and I lost sight of it. I turned back around to find a bullet-shaped craft moving about the same speed as an airplane. It looked high up as well, maybe as thin as two needles put together, and as long as a match-head. It made no sound and had no exhaust, like the other craft. It was completely off-white, a little blurry. With a grey-ish black line in the center. It also had a slight tilt upwards to the left. I only saw it for about 2-4 seconds, afterwords I ran like mad back to my house. (which wasnt far, but because of the adrenaline I wasnt as winded as usual.) For a little while afterwords, our dogs would look up at the sky when let out. And the television as well as my laptop were doing odd things, such as the mouse/cursor spazzing-- and whatever you use to select things on the Xbox 360 was also flickering, even though there was seemingly no cause. Even hours afterwords, I still feel a little on-edge. I have tried to draw the sphere and the entity.
