{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-10 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4844,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5520203.json","updb_database_id":5520203}
Black Triangle Shape Glides in to View, Pauses, Tilts/Rotates and Ascends to the Clouds

Sitting on my balcony on a Sunday afternoon at exactly 15.10pm. I know this because I was trying to get my phone to work after dropping it the day previous and I had just managed to get the time to flash. It was difficult to see the screen as when I dropped it, it cracked.

I looked out over the balcony a few seconds later when my eyes were drawn to the east of my balcony. I could see a black triangle shape coming through a ridge of trees which I thought looked like a sail from a nearby boat on the Parramatta River. It wasn't until I thought about where the water actually was I realised that this shape was moving over land. I continued to watch, still not thinking anything about UFO's.

I couldn't see the bottom of the object as it was hidden within the trees however as I watched I could see it was descending at around 40mph. However it wasn't descending in line with the trees and within 6 or 7 seconds the bottom of the object was exposed. I could clearly see this object was, what I can only describe as, floating. I remember thinking "Oh my God! Oh my God!"

The object was black, non reflective, "A" shaped (imagine the "A" shape tilted clockwise at a 20 degree angle) and completely silent. My view was at 90degrees as my balcony is on the second floor and I could see it at eye level. The object passed me at a distance of around 350m. It was moving at around 40mph at a height of 100m off the ground.

I was mesmerised however I took my broken phone out of my pocket and held it up to film it. The battery was flat. I ran inside and grabbed my work mobile which took me 5 or 6 seconds. Running back out I realised the battery was also flat however I was certain I only recently charged it the night before and I hadn't used it all day. Looking at, what I now call, the UFO I could see it was just sitting there. It had stopped but was still floating. I could see every single bit of it. I thought I have to capture this and that it wasn't going anywhere soon so I ran inside for my camera, it takes video footage also. I ran back outside and turned the power on and the lens opened however the screen went blank as if it had no charge. It wouldn't work.

I ended up watching the UFO, speaking to it in my mind saying "Come over here" and "I'm here" and so on (like an idiot). All the while it just hovered in the same spot. 

I watched it for around 3 mins until it started moving again. This was the part you only see in movies. It started moving, again at around 40mph however this time it was ascending. There's a road bridge, which is one of Sydney's busiest bridges, and even although I could see vehicles on it, it seemed like no-one could see what I could see. The bridge is about 1km from my balcony however I have a clear line of sight as between me and the bridge there's only water. However on this day there was a black UFO!

The UFO began to ascend however as it did it rolled really slowly in an anticlockwise direction. It was no longer the "A" shape that I first saw as I was now looking at the rear/top of it and it was triangular. It moved slowly, maintaining the original speed and completely silent. By the time it reached the bridge it was approximately 1km above it. It just continued to the clouds where it then appeared to stop again. I watched it until some clouds moved in front of it however by this time is was just a speck in the sky.

I realise this all seems a little far fetched but I know what I saw and I can detail it exactly. I am open minded and have always thought we'd be a little stupid to think that we're IT in the Universe. That day has proven to me without any doubt that we are not it.

I am now obsessed with the incident and actively sky watch hoping to see it again. I managed to find footage of the exact same UFO on a social video website however upon making contact with the owner of the video, who lives in Sydney, he told me the footage was taken on New Years Day in 2005. I saw the same UFO in June of 2009.

Sorry this is so long. Its good to have a place to share my experience. My incident lasted 19 mins as I checked the time when I couldn't see it anymore. 

Thanks
