{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-14 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5517203.json","updb_database_id":5517203}
{flg} 6-12 redish orange blinking spheres ascending in a line and seeming to leave the atmosphere over Westmoreland PA

Initially we saw one, slow-moving, redish orange, blinking sphere alone further down Rt 30- it was blinking and moving irradically and it disappeared- we joked that it wasnt a plane, but a UFO that wasnt flying very well... Then driving further down Rt 30 in the opposite direction heading west, we saw another redish-orange, blinking sphere and then quickly noticed that there were 6 of them in a horizontal, ascending line in the sky. At that point we pulled over in the Norwin Taco Bell parking lot and got out of the car where we could clearly count 6 of them in the sky. They were ascending horizontally across the sky and then seemed to grow smaller and smaller and then disappear, as if they were leaving the atmosphere. We watched them for a few minutes and noticed that more were appearing over the treeline as the ones that we initally were watching disappeared. There was no sound. We did see a plane at this time, but it was much lower than the objects and flew overhead and didn't seem to be trying to interact with them. After watching these for a few minutes,and filmed 2 of them that were close together, we drove to the highest point that we could get to in order to try to see where they were coming from- this happned to be the Norwin Goodwill parking lot. Once, there, I filmed a few more as about 3-5 more came across the sky in the same formation, blinking redish orange, and then ascending up and leaving the atmosphere. 
 While at this location, another car with 3 or 4 people asked if we were seeing the same thing and corroborated our story. The womans voice is on the video as I was following the entire path of one of the orbs as it came across the sky and disappeared... After filming this last one, no more appeared. As an additional note, about 45 minutes before seeing the first object- before going into a store- we heard strange popping noises that sounded like fireworks or thunder, but not exactly the same as either. There were also strange flashes in the sky, similare to lightening, but they were not lightening. After coming out of the store was when we first noticed the inital, slow moving and then disappearing object while we were at a gas station. 3-5 minutes after that was when we saw the fleet of 6 lined up and leaving earth... Another additional note was that this was all between 10-10:30 pm Easter time. There was moderate traffic in the area and this was on a Saturday night and there were many people driving in and around a central shopping area on Route 30 in the North Huntington/Norwin area, so many other people aside from the family who stopped and talked to us while we were filming could have witnessed this.
