{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-01 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5471203.json","updb_database_id":5471203}
{dr}Multiple hovering lights in semi-circle formation

My husband went outside to use our grill and quickly called me out to our back deck. He pointed out a bright light, which appeared to be hovering in the distance, on the left side of our property. He then pointed to the opposite side of our property and there were between 5-7 very bright lights, which also appeared to hovering. When scanning from the right side of our house to the left side, you could clearly see they formed a semi circle around the area. Since there were some trees obstructing our view outside, we ran inside to a large window in the dining room on the side of the house. From there, we were able to get a very clear view of the lights to the right of our house. None were moving, all appeared to be hovering. We questioned if they were perhaps planes, but again, they were not moving and there were no additional lights on them. Also, I'm sure planes would not even be allowed that close in proximity to each other. I assume being that close they would be considered in each others air space. We sat there and watched them for about 20 minutes and then they abruptly disappeared. They did not fly away or dim, they literally just disappeared. My husband took video from inside the house which did not come out good, likely due to the window glare. Shortly after they disappeared (about 10 minutes), another appeared by itself. I took video of this one from our deck. It is not good quality, you can only tell that it is a bright light, BUT you can plainly see that it is not moving, just hovering. We're not totally sure what we saw, but these were definitely not planes. Very curious to know if anyone else in the area saw this as well. We live in Lowell, MA. The Concord River is directly to the left of our house.
