{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5492203.json","updb_database_id":5492203}
{jpg} Light in the sky

I had just finished class and was driving, on my way home from college. I was in traffic on 117th avenue between miller drive and bird road. Miami is a crowded place but absolutely no one ever looks at the sky. That particular week some of my friends claimed to have seen ufo's and I wanted to see a ufo as well. Somehow while sitting in traffic bored, I thought if I stuck my head out the window I might just get lucky. I expected to find nothing but to my surprise I saw something fly in a very strange pattern in the sky. It was just a perfect 90 degree from the sky, and I stared at it as much as I could and hoped others would see it too but they probably just thought I was weird. An entire intersection filled with traffic and no one saw it except for me. I used to sit on my roof every week to star gaze so I know everything man made that flies in the air. I've seen shooting stars, satellites, helicopters- I can spot an airplane from miles away and easily identify it and tell you if it's an airplane or not (99% of the time it is a boring airplane). I am joining the military and had my vision tested. I have 20/20 vision but despite how ridiculous it sounds to me, and no matter how hard I try to not believe UFOs sometimes, to just be blissfully ignorant like everyone else, I cant deny that what I saw was not man made. It was a legitimate flying object and it moved sporadically and zig zagged, and then stopped immediately and floated above the clouds in a straight line. It looked like a ball of light a little bigger than a star but it was not a star. I could tell because the way it gave off light was different. Airplane lights for instance give off an earthly glow. This ufo did not have any light waves extending from it. It was a perfect ball of light. And after a few seconds of watching it I became excited, but before the street light could even turn green the ufo flashed and zipped away into the night sky. My guess is that it went to space or something. That thing was insanely fast. I shouted in excitement driving back home. I told people but they either didnt believe me or didnt care. My own family didnt believe me. My sister said what I saw was a helicopter...ridiculous. I even mentioned it in a presentation in school and I was laughed at but Im still respected for being an intelligent person so I didnt care what they thought of me. That ufo was impossibly fast and it was not natural or as astronomers say a "scientific occurrence" or some baloney that they think non scientists just arent smart enough to realize. I know my brain did not fool me. I am no fool. I dont know what it was but my best guess is that it was some type of space craft. I know the ufo chose to remain at that high altitude because Miami is a large city and the ufo was prone to witnesses. Why it made a pit stop on my sky I have no idea. Ufos seem to behave in irrational ways from my point of view. But now I know why not everyone sees UFO's. It's extremely easy to miss sight of them if you're not paying attention!
