{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-13 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5289203.json","updb_database_id":5289203}
1 or 3 triangle shaped object(s)

I was outside around 9 pm taking night-pictures of my house with my iPhone. I recently installed a "smart" flood-lamp and was experimenting with the variety of color options the bulb is capable of emitting. While taking photos, someone began shooting off fireworks approximately two miles north of my house. I attempted to capture a video of the fireworks, but they stopped as abruptly as they began.

I then decided to take photos of nearby homes south of my house because I admired the architecture. As I aimed my iPhone camera toward the house and took the photo I thought I saw a light appear in the sky from the corner of my eye. However, when I looked in the direction of the object I did not see anything. Shortly after, the fireworks began again behind me. I turned around to capture a video of the fireworks, which lasted for just over ten seconds. Then they stopped again.

I decided to call it a night and go back into the house. As I reviewed the photos I realized I captured a triangle-shaped object in the photo of the nearby home. I cannot discern if it is a single triangle-shaped object or three-triangle-shaped objects in tight formation.

I am a former US Air Force Avionics Technician (B-52 and KC-135) and a commercial airline Avionics Technician (Boeing 7XX series). I do not recognize the object(s) in the photo. It could be an anomaly or some type of reflection. However, the shape is very distinctive. It definitely is not a firework as they were only observed several miles in the opposite direction of this object, north versus south respectively.

I am completely open to plausible explanations of the object in the photo.
