{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-02 21:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502203","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2984,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/203/mufon-5502203.json","updb_database_id":5502203}
{dr}Bright star like object seen over the city of Bessemer, AL

I was in the city of Bessemer visiting with some relatives. As my family and I loaded everything in the car, which was facing directly east, I observed a bright star like object appear about 100-200ft. above the tree line. I commented to my child, "there's a fo'"; which has become our accustomed slang way of referring to these almost daily seen objects. He excitedly replied, "where is it daddy?" and when I pointed at the object it began to visibly become lighter. The object became as bright as a car's headlights if they were set to bright. Initially the object hovered just above the trees then it began a series of motions including descending, ascending, and multiple directional changes. We observed the object several minutes before it finally went out of view over the tree line. For an instant I thought about attempting to follow the object, but I did not want to place my family in jeopardy. After the object disappeared I called another family member that I knew should be located somewhere along the flight path I observed the object take. He did not see this first object; however, as I dialogued with him another star like object appeared at a much higher altitude directly in my line of sight as I faced East. This second object was flying along a straight flight path from the South headed North. This second object was flashing at an interval of about every 3 seconds following the same direction that the first object had taken. I asked my family member if he was able to observe this second object from his location and he answered in the affirmative.

*Based upon what has been transpiring lately I continue to believe that these objects are either targeting myself or are seeking to be recognized in some way. A similar object was seen several hours later; for this I will be submitting a separate report.
