{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-04 22:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5496088.json","updb_database_id":5496088}
large black silent 2 large lighted areas fore and aft

I live on the edge of a small community with an industrial area and farm fields near me. there are very few street lights and my back yard is a good spot for star gazing. it was a perfect night no breeze and in one area of the sky you could see the milky way band. I was scanning the sky to see if i could identify constellations and planets when i looked to the west I saw 2 large bright lights just above a tree row 500 feet from me,but somme distance away I was puzzelled because they weren't there earlier and hadn't been in the sky on previous evening, just as i was going to turn away the lights started moving toward me. startled I checked my watch 10:07 and started a mental check list. no aircraft strobes, wrong air space and to low for instrument flying (Because of inhabited community) absolutely no engine noise, at that altitude whether small plane helicopter military jet (to slow) or any other aircraft some engine noise would be heard( I can hear the jet engine noise of jets at 20000 feet as they go by)
The object slowly moved toward the edge of the community;still no sound the distance between the lights never changed. the fore light was in the white scale like an led the aft was in the more yellow scale like an incandescent.
as it was passing over head I used the faint star light of the milky way to see if it was 1 or 2 aircraft. a good distance in front of the light the faint star light was blocked out and continued to be blocked until after the rear light passed. the light emitted never reached the ground like a search light because i had a good view of an empty dark field it passed over. an approximate size of the lights at the altitude it passed over me would be 10 to 20 feet, its speed no more than 20 mph. I observed it pass over town gain altitude. total time observed 7 minutes.
