{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-21 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5491088.json","updb_database_id":5491088}
{rjl} Object with bright white light at each end moving WSW through night sky

On July 21, 2015 at 10:00 p.m. I was at home, outside on the back deck star gazing. While observing the night sky I discovered a large object with a bright white light at each end moving silently through the sky. I am unsure of the actual shape of the object since it was dark outside, but the bright white circular light did appear at each end as if there were one light following directly behind the other at the exact same speed. I live near a busy fight path for 2 major airports nearby, Boeing Field and SeaTac International. I am very familiar with what aircraft look like at night on approach to either airport since they pass directly overhead, and this object was not a aircraft and it made no sound. I called for my wife to come look, and she too could not figure out what the object was. Just a moment or so after observing the object, a commercial aircraft flew overhead on approach to land. It was moving WNW, had all strobes flashing and the landing lights were also on. It seemed to be on a direct crossing path with the object, and that they could possibly intersect each other. The commercial aircraft did seem to descend and its engines sounded as if they were being drastically decreased, a unusual sound for its relative position to the actual airport. A couple minutes later at 10:02 p.m. a smaller jet aircraft approached directly from the south and made a sharp WNW arching turn directly over my house and flew towards the general area where the object and commercial aircraft would have intersected paths at. I am an avid armchair UFO watcher and believer. I have witnessed multiple UFO's during my life, and this object was most definitely very, very odd.
