{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-23 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117316","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5286088.json","updb_database_id":5286088}
Sighted 3 large ships escorted by over 100 little saucers.

Started CE5 on the 18th, witnessed Orb over neighbor's house on the 21st. Friday the 23rd=Typical day, wife comes home, we joke about no aliens landing today, (I read that Reddit post, posted a decade ago predicting Alien arrivals in 2021 of July so I’ve been hoping a fraction of it was true). I go outside as I always do after supper, between 6 or 7. Walk over to my garden and instinct said look up. I saw the greyed out or shaded out bottom of three egg shaped craft, (almost Mandalorian, I swear). Surrounded or escorted by a flock of little ships. My mind processed said Geese until I saw the 3 eggs. Then mind blown and the second my mind processed UFO they went POOF! And every one of the little ships were scattered in a 15-mile radius, above us, in front, each side as far as we can see. Napa Valley to Concord! They sparkled like diamonds in the sky. The 3 main ships had a sheen about them as the sun reflected blindingly so off their crafts skins. Almost a glassy metal sheen about them. The best way to describe the glow or sunny sheen, blinding reflection would be if you stare at a house window and the sun hits just the right angle of a glass skyscraper and its blinding, that’s what it was like. As soon as they scattered, I ran into tell my wife. She came out and began to observe them also. Attempted to take videos but we didn’t have the camera set right. I was observing the 3 main ships via binoculars. I could see that "sun on glass window blinding reflection effect", but could also make out the shaded shape of the craft. I went to view another craft, this one a triangle with it’s rear at me. I could see 3 colored tubes out the rear, skin of craft was darker. No sun blinding reflection I assume because I was looking at the rear. The tubes on the 1st one where a purple color and the 2nd triangle had white diamond-colored tubes. The 3rd looked more an amber but didn’t see it as much as I was lowering glasses as my wife passed me the camera. I took 1 photo, (hindsight kicking myself I didn’t just snap away in rapid fire), but I wanted to get some video. So, I hit video and captured what I could until suddenly I just realized I should go get neighbors to witness. I ran next door to my neighbors and he came out and watched them with me a bit, through my binoculars to and said one had zipped through his line of sight and I have a witness statement from him. I then run across the street to another but they were not home and as I gave up the neighbors on the opposite side of me had just returned from dinner. I called them over and they witnessed it as well but have yet to submit a witness statement. My wife and I watched it until the last one left, disappeared or shot off so fast we couldn’t tell. They simply began to just thin out across our view of them. After it was all over, we stood shook, stunned, but for me, a lot of things made sense. I attempted to report this with the witness statements. However it required me to fill out the 4 other witness descriptions and 1 witness, neighbor has given me a statement, the other two have not and wont be I assume, I asked and pleaded, and the 5th witness besides myself is my wife. The airplane that flew through 2 minutes after was an unmarked 747 solid white jetliner headed NE towards Travis AFB. No media that night reported anything. I asked about some but got laughed at, ridiculed, so I stopped asking.
