{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-28 13:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5549088.json","updb_database_id":5549088}
WOW and Amazing...

Actually, I had just stepped outside to the back yard sometime after 1:30pm, nice sunny day, blue skies, not a cloud in site but the temp somewhat cool. Looking around as usual I noticed this white object moving in the distance from the NW, which at first I thought it was merely a plane (it was still quite aways off) and I really didn't think much of it at first. But as it drew closer overhead I could tell it wasn't a plane, it appeared to be round and very, very bright and high up. The speed in which it were traveling was about the pace of a passenger aircraft at that altitude. I ran in grabbed my camera off the dining room table where I normally kept it when I'm at home. Replaced the 38mm lens with the 300mm lens and start snapping shot after shots. I called for Connie,(my wife who was indoors and a neighbor who were doing some work next door). My wife was the only one who was able to witness this object, the neighbors view was obstructed by trees on both our property. At first I didn't know if I wanted still shot or video footage, my video equipment was in my truck at the time so I didn't want to waste any time messing around. I started out taking pictures holding the camera in hand but because I was shaking somwhat I ran in and grabbed the camera/video tripod which took only seconds to setup. I was then able to take these amazing and remarkable shots before I lost site of it in the SSW (sun light). Not until after I was able to download these imagines of this object that the true shape was revealed. 
 See my website at: www.howconcreation1.photosite.com for more photos. In fact another incident happened in Nov. 2006 while taking a picture of a helicopter flying over.
