{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-17 21:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5500088.json","updb_database_id":5500088}
{rjl} Slow Moving Glowing Orb with Scintillating White Spokes of white light coming out of it like a floating star.

Interesting night, this is my very first mufon report but Ive been seeing these objects for a couple years now. This night, Aug 17, 2014. I was on a walk with the 11 year old daughter of my girlfriend (I'm 50) and we were getting some air for her aging pet rat, whom we walk nightly in a little sling.. We always look up as we have noticed objects before together and sure enough within 2 minutes, we noticed another super bright "power-up" UFO that we have witnessed many times the last few summers from time to time when camping near Mt Hood and Mt Adams. 

But this was in a well lit parking lot at the mountain park rec center in Lake Oswego, and there were tons of people at some kind of wedding party inside. It was twilight and stars were just starting to appear. This first object we spotted at 80 degrees overhead looking to the east and it got extremely arc light white as it "powered up" (for lack of better words) brighter and brighter then slowly winked out as it moved toward the south. Definitely moved faster than satellites we observe all the time and some of the planes we also observed in the sky. This object was very high up, Id have to guess outside our atmosphere. We observed this "power up" at 9:10pm ( checked my phone) and couldn't believe we had seen one so fast as we actually were talking about hoping we would see one before we went on the walk. 

We then walked around the rec center on walking paths and were celebrating out sighting ... while also splinting out multiple airplanes in the sky with their landing lights and red and green nav lights. Explaining to each other how its very easy to tell the difference between a plane and these power ups. 

We then came back around to the parking lot... saw some people mingling and then I noticed a much lower bright golden orb with white star like spikes like a xmas tree topper moving very slowly and deliberately to the east and silently overhead. I shouted to the 11 year old to look and I pulled out my iPhone 5S and began filming before it disappeared behind a tall Pine tree.... I was even able to get an aircraft in sky that made noise in the same video, this golden object however made no noise as shown on video. I am also familiar with what floating lanterns look like and this did not ascend or descend but moved deliberately and was much brighter and golden white. 

NOTE: I have seen this object before last July 2013 at the Eceti Ranch in Trout Lake, WA. That too moved west to east at about 60 degrees and was the exact same craft. Well it looked the same I can't say it was the same one. 

I always feel an overwhelming sense of comfort and joy when I see these, never anxiety or excitement its more wonderment and calm... I should also say this was the 11 year old first time seeing the golden orb. I loved that she was there and said "well we both saw it so nobody can say its not true" lol ... 

the best part is she also observed (at the same time we saw the orb and she says it on the video) that she saw another faint light object moving to the west and much much higher than anything in the sky, but it was clearly (to me) a single white light satellite (which I mention in video) but I thought it was incredible to have the silent object on video... with BOTH an aircraft making noise and a satellite at the same time to clearly differentiate this object we were observing was something very different. 

the golden orb and bright whote light definitely felt benevolent, and intelligent if that makes sense. Like we asked for it and they revealed themselves if that makes sense. I'm one to always look for a scientific explanation, peer reviewed studies. But Im telling you there is an intelligence here that feels like it knew we were watching and was showing off. 

Whether the golden orb was related to the bright power up is hard to say, but our guts tell us it is. They were very different in terms of speed and the bright white one did not scintillate like a star as the slower moving glowing orb did. I would say the second sighting was between 9:17pm and 9:25Pm PST.

I tried to be still in the video so any sudden movements were me, not the object. It floated quietly and effortlessly and almost had a little wobble... the 7 points of light coming out don't really show up on video so maybes its the atmosphere or something but the stars don't look that spiky... like it looks when one squints at xmas light or something. 

That was the most interesting feature. Like one of those spoked xmas tree toppers shape wise yet it was clearly a round golden glowing solid object. for what its worth, It was not all energy like orbs I've seen on you tube... , this seemed like a glowing metallic (maybe) but definitely glowing solid orb. 

As you can see in the video it went behind a tree and when we walked around to try to find it again it was gone.
