{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-03 19:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34007","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5522088.json","updb_database_id":5522088}
was triangle shaped with green lights on bottom. several lights, but could not count. also seemed to have landing legs or tripods on bottom..

We were driving back home and it seemed as if we could not get back on the right road. Two of us women were in the front seat and one in the back seat. We left the town we were in around 6:00 pm and from then until 7:11 pm we were driving around it seemed as if in circles or backwards. We knew we were on the right road and then the other lady driving the car and I realized we had changed direction from where we were.  We traveled and went down different roads.  We stopped 3 times for directions and each time, we could not follow the directions.  The last time we were given directions to get back on our road, they said it would take us 12 miles to get there. We were given several left and right turns to take. We were suppose to turn to the left when we left the convenience store and as soon as we turned left it seemed a matter of minutes we were right back on the right road they we had started on 1 hr and 11 minutes earlier.  We were relieved that we were on our way home.  It is about 1 1/2 to 2 hours to where we live.  After riding for a few minutes the driver asked the passenger in the back if she was ok. It took her a few minutes to answer. Finally, she said "oh, I was just looking at the ufo and it separated. It was so pretty." Neither one of us in the front said anything and just kept going. About 20 minutes later I looked over to my right, I was on the passenger side in the front, and there it was. Just hovering to my right and then it was over the car and could see the shape clearly with the green lights and seemed like landing legs or tripods. I asked the other lady if that was a plane, but knew it wasn't.  All we could do was just look in awe. It seemed as if we could not move but just look. The lady in the back heard us talking and moved forward and saw the object also.  She is usually very vocal but was almost serene.  Slowly the object moved over the trees to the left and now, I think about it, it was giving off light as it ascended towards the sky and I could see it so clearly when it turned back towards the road and thought it was coming back. Seemed like a flash it was down the road in front of us again and then the lady in the back and I saw it go back over to the right of us and then it just hovered. We could see the lights thru the trees and that is the last we saw of it.  After so long we were discussing it and trying to figure out all the events of the night.  Then we realized that we had heard no sound, not even the sounds of the car. How did this object keep level with us hovering and we were probably traveling 45 to 55 mph.  It was like we were in a trance. Now, I think why didn't I take a picture, but it was like we were dazed.  The longer it goes on I have certain things that come to my mind.  I know will never have an answer, but would like to know why this object approached us and why no sounds. We didn't even pass any other vehicles on the road during this time.  I know there is more to write but at the moment this is as clear as I can put down.
