{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-01 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5495088.json","updb_database_id":5495088}
{dr}Huge Cloaking UFO in Stacy Mn

I am guessing on the date July 2007 I could be off a year or more. My wife gave me the date not sure why women can remember dates like that? 

I would sometimes sleep in the basement at our house. We had heated floors which were nice in the winter and it was cooler in the summer. The couch was under a big window on North side that you could look up and see the sky and trees bordering our land to the west, 50 yrds from window. Big Oaks 100 feet tall, I would think. It was very early and light out. I think 5am-6am. I was in a deep-deep sleep, the type where it feels like you have to crawl out of a hole to get on top. Usually reasons to wake from a sleep like that is you have to pee or someone is waking you. As I was coming out of this my eyes were open. The object I saw was huge. I could not see any edges. I could not see the sides or top. It was dark in color dark brown almost black. Huge square/rectangle objects filled the area.  they were of all different sizes. Like a city upside down. It looked like the corners were somewhat worn with a shade of color difference maybe rust. It was moving very slow but of its size it could had been cruising fast. I would say 20mph. it was moving right(East) to left(West) of my window. I could not see if it was casting a shadow that side of the house was the shade side. As I was waking up more and more it was Cloaking in and out until it completely disappeared. I knew it was still there but stayed on the couch. I didn't want to give up my position and possibly turn up missing. My cellphone laid next to me on the floor but I didn't want to take my eyes off it. Plus it was a old phone that I would have had to search for the camera. As this was all going on, my mind was thinking they aren't cloaking the machine they are controlling my brain. No wonder people with mental issues or drugged see strange things? I was awake the rest of the day and only told my best friend and wife not even my son. I feel this was not a dream I don't have any dreams that I can recall so much information or vision in my head like this. it's a memory.
