{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-28 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5502088.json","updb_database_id":5502088}
{cak} Translucent white ring, which was flipping or gyrating.

Back in 2012(Nov.)I stepped onto the back patio to have a smoke. I guess I'm a sky watcher but I really wasn't this particular moment. I just wanted a cig. I was standing near the patio table and facing North(Towards Denver). The time was around 7pm, still light outside but the sun has fallen behind the mountains to my left(west). I don't believe I ever got a cig in my mouth before I saw this shooting star (my first thought) to the west(mountains). It was too bright outside to see something like this. It took a nanosecond to know it was no shooting star. Next thought was some kind of space junk entering our atmosphere. It kept making a large burst of light or something and I just wanted a closer look. I did have my binoculars sitting right on the table but I was scared to take my eyes off of it because I thought I wouldn't be able to relocate it. AS I fumbled my hands on the table trying to find those binoculars, I noticed it had some kind of trail or shadow...not chem trail or smoke, just a dark something that seemed odd. I located the binoculars and took my eyes off of it for only a second to get them to my eyes. What I saw was a round translucent ring, that was flipping. It appeared every time it made a full rotation, it would emit this burst of light or energy. I couldn't believe what I was seeing and lowered the binoculars to get a visual again and didn't see the image nearly as good (I know that's what binoculars do) but I raised them again and saw this ring heading to the East, in a straight line. The total time form when I first saw it to when it was out of sight was about 11 to 14 seconds, at the most. I can only guess at the elevation and the size. I would guess about 20 to 40 thousand feet high and the size is unknown. I would also guess it was huge, or bigger than anything I have seen. I have problems seeing the shape of a plane, but this was perfectly round, no noise, and appeared to be hollow or empty on the inside....yet, I seem to see a darker space in the middle. Not so sure it was the sky. The speed was fast, I say faster than any jet or plane that could cover that distance in such short time....Personally, I wish I would of never saw it because it didn't fit in my reality. It just didn't belong in the sky! Every since then I have searched for other similar sightings and only a few have come close. I am a believer of God and a believer of intelligent life on other planets, but I just felt God would not allow others to interfere with Earth. So this went against my beliefs or did it? To some degree, it has "jacked" me up and I want to know the truth about everything. Unfortunately, it seems the truth has been hidden very well and what we know and what we think is so far apart. This craft was being operated by someone or something. It wasn't some natural occurrence due to weather or man-made object(in my opinion). I knew when I went inside to tell my wife that I will be looked at liked I lost my marbles...b didn't care...I know what I saw! After telling my wife, she looked at me and said "I believe you". How can she? I couldn't believe it myself. I care not who asks me what about what I saw....I will tell them the truth. It was real and I just don't see how this object could carry people or have the power to fly.
