{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5487088.json","updb_database_id":5487088}
{cak} My husband was going home from my parents and saw strange lights above the apple orchard. He lost 2 hours, and could not remember getting home. .

This happend to my husband. I was spending the night at my parents, he was going home from their house. It usually takes 20-25 minutes. I kept calling him and getting no answer. Over 2 hours later he called me and said he didn't know why it took him so long to get home and that he hadn't went anywhere else. Which I didn't believe him at the time. This of course caused an argument. He then reluctantly told me the last thing he remembered was seeing strange lights above the apple orchard on Rest Church Rd. He said they were following along with the car, and the next thing he knew he was home and over 2 hours had passed. I admit i was pretty pissed at him that night, but decided to let it go. The next day his eyes were hurting really bad I had to end up taking him to the emergency room. He thought maybe something was in them. They washed his eyes out with him screaming in pain, and put dye in them to help see if anything was in his eyes.There wasn't. 
They said his eyes were burnt kinda like welders flash. They kept asking him if he had done any welding that day, and we kept telling them no. I started to tell the nurse about the lights he saw the night before, and he begged me not to. When he wasn't paying attention i stepped out into the hall and told her anyway. I figured she might think we were both crazy, but she didn't. She actually believed me, she said she couldn't figure any other way to explain it. My husband (now ex husband, we remain good friends) will not talk to anyone about that night. His current wife wouldn't know if i hadn't told her. I am positive by the way he acts when this incident is mentioned that he remembers way more about that night then cares too, and he is traumatized by whatever happened to him.
