{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75755","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5484088.json","updb_database_id":5484088}
{cak} Came out store with cart, waiting for cars to pass, noticed sound in sky, toward the west, thought it was a huge low flying jet. Other people started to gather in parking lot because noise was loud, like something huge but moving NE VERY Slowly

Never thought to report this even though experienced audibly by about 10 other people as we all gathered in parking lot looking up to see what was so huge sounding and moving slowly in sky, almost hovering for a while. It was audible but no one, including myself could see an actual vessel. It was as if it were cloaked because the clouds in the sky were minimal. After a span of time it continued until out of range of audible identification.

Recently, when viewing videos of similar occurrences within a similar frame of time in year and distance of reported sightings only reinforced what I and about 10 others who were grouped in the parking lot in my location had been witness to; (audible, not actual visually record-able),

Therefore, unless anyone else took time to report this event, you now may add Statesville, NC to the list of areas on record which experienced this phenomena. 

Sorry there is little more that can validate this than as is written here.

DESIRE TO REMAIN ANONYMOUS AND CONFIDENTIAL. THANK YOU.

Remember this so well because was just before 4th of July and the tent for fireworks was in parking lot and I and the clerk tried to get a visual sighting and we listened to the huge heavy roar of the vessel slowly passing overhead/hovered few moments. We both were very perplexed as were others in parking lot until the thing passed over the area.

Then we started joking about the movie, Independence Day, only what was experienced really wasn't funny but very much real and many witnesses to validate the fact. Just don't know anyone to contact unless the newspaper ran an ad for witnesses that day and by now most, like me, just rather forget it then linger on something we could not put visual and audio validation to in order to prove what we were witness to.
