{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-19 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517088","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/088/mufon-5517088.json","updb_database_id":5517088}
{flg} Found matilated Rabbit

The morning of July 19, 2012 at about 9:30am my wife and I took our dogs for their morning walk. As I am disabled, I do not walk as such but do get my exercise in with the dogs. We went along our south fence that runs along Hwy 90. We made our turn to go to the watering tub that we keep out for wildlife. We spent a few minutes there allowing the dogs to get a drink and get wet. There was no activity along our route of any kind to alert the dogs. We continued to 100 yards, or so, to our north fence and turned back towards the house. This point is about 400 yards to the house. As we went along the fence the dogs alerted on something. As they are apt to go after lizards, this is what I thought they had as they were not chasing anything but congregating at one point. By the time I arrived, several minutes later, the dogs had their fur up and were BACKING away from whatever was on the ground. My wife had gotten there first and said it was a dead rabbit. 

  I looked at it and it was a dead jack rabbit. It was full grown, maybe 6 or 7 pounds. The dogs were growling at it, not at each other, so I picked it up after looking at it to see what was wrong with it. 
  There was no blood anywhere.
  The nostrils were trimmed back at the very front edges but no blood.
  There was a skinless spot on the left should/chest area about the 1/2 the size of a half dollar. The skin & fur were missing but the meat and sheath were still there. Again no blood.
  The tail was skinned but the muscle and sheath were still intact.
  Everything below the tail along a line running down the middle of the outside of the rear haucks (thighs) were skinless. Again no blood but the muscle sheath was still intact.
  The anus and genitals were missing but there was no ripped flesh or blood. It was as if they had never been there, just a clean hole where they should have been.
  The rabbit was clean, no debris or bullet wounds or blood. Riga mortis had not set in and the body was supple and warm as if it had just died. The eyes were still wet. There was a tick in the left upper ear that was still deeply embedded but dried up.
  The mouth was still wet. Tongue in its proper place and not discolored.

A couple of the dogs that walked up with me sniffed the rabbit in my hand, growled and backed away.

My wife was afraid that it had been poisoned so I took it with us and put it in the trash to be dumped in town later.  2 Hours later when I dumped the trash the rabbit was the first thing to go into the dumpster to preclude any wild animals/birds from getting at it, as the dumpster lid would not close. The rabbit was still supple and no rigamortis. 

There were no flies on the rabbit at any time.

I did not think to get any photos because there is no one here that I could go to to file any kind of report. I explained the political situation here. The Ag Extension Agent from Texas A&M moved in disgust over 18 months ago. The USDA reps here are involved with the local fiasco.

The opponent to the local sheriff in this election was just arrested for "stealing" his own truck, trailer, and bobcat while on his own ranch. Steve is a multi millionaire. Money means nothing out here.

Anyway, I thought that we were having another round of events from one our "friendly" neighbors, that is why I got rid of the rabbit. When I went back at 7:30pm to look at the rabbit again. It was no longer in the dumpster. The trash that I had put in was undisturbed with even more put on top. But no rabbit in the dumpster! I had put it there by hand and dumped the trash on top of it at about 11:30am.

I asked the owners of the Dryden Trading Post if anyone had said anything about any other animals like this. Mr Sivils said that last year he had found a fox in a similar condition on a ranch about six miles north of us. He did not disturb it and he said that it lay there for months as nothing touched it. Not even the ants or flies.
