{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-04-03 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16018","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5547532.json","updb_database_id":5547532}
Visible but invisible at the same time with pumpkin colored lites.

I got up to go to the bath room downstairs and when I return to bed I sat on the edge of the bed for second (I had downstairs then back upstairs so my heart was pumping from moving from one end of the house to the other and now I was totally awake). I realized that it was pretty bright out because of a full moon (either that night or the night before or after the full moon). I was admirering how well I could see the trees on the hill in Mr Johnson's cow pasture. Then suddenly I saw this orange light come over the top of the hill. My first reactions were "those reacoon murders are out hunting" then I realized there isn't a road that is on the hill and the orange light is floating over the trees. I got up and went to the window to get a better look. My brain was going so fast trying to figure out what it was and wasn't.My brain said not ahelicopter, not an ultra glide, not a plane there is no noise no nothing but movement. What I saw was pumpkin orange lights (one repeatative light that in a da da da da motion) that rotated only a 1/4 of the circle or length of the object. As it moved down the side of the hill over the trees my mind raced to think what it could be no noise no shape that I could see only the lights moving slowly down the side of the hill. That was for maybe 30 seconds then the object started to move laterial toward MM highway. We own the other house next to where I was watching and as the object started to move in that direction half way down the side of the hill still over the trees still invisible but visible. It reminded me of the car in Harry Potter just before it goes totally invisible, that state.
As the object moved toward the (west) house I thought I'm not going to see this if I don't go into the front room, then realized that the large maple tree will block the view. As moved across the room and move to the window in the front room excited that I could still see the object, the object moved between my west house and the neighbors as it moved over highway 72 the moon cast a shadow onto the object which left a shadow on the highway as it moved over the trees on the Lowery property. My guess is that the shadow was as large as our welding shop some 40 feet by 60 feet. Then is continued to move toward E highway through the woods. Astonished at what I saw I went back to the bedroom and by then my husband was awaken. I told him I believed that I had just seen a UFO and matter of factly said you probably did. this area has been know to support lots of UFO( activity I've spoken to many people some have even have missed time. The folks that I have spoken to say Kilarny Lake had lots of activity and City Lake in Ironton and also Des Ark.
