{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-01 16:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84756","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5475532.json","updb_database_id":5475532}
{nd} Waled outside looked up saw a tear shaped bright light eject a smaller orb of same white color

It was July 1st at approximately 4 to 4:30 P.M. when I looked up at the sky through the break in the tree when I saw a teardrop shaped bright light, (similar color of a LED light), stationary it ejected a smaller orb of same color. The large teardrop shaped ufo was moving right then left, then right again, atlast shifting upward and then it shut off or disappeared. The smaller orb was moving faster than any jet. If I had to guess it was higher then a jet liner. I tried to get a witness but every time he looked it strained his back, (he is elderly). I walked around the house and looked in the west direction when I saw another orbed light (LED) moving at a very fast speed it was moving toward the north, it was approximately 10 miles I would have to guess. On another date, about 7 months ago I was heading south on I-29 south of the airport, when I looked to my left and with cloud coverage of the UFO I could see a portion of a ship, (it was hidden for the most) it was very large and had lights on the bottom, each light was almost connecting to each other. The ship was hovering and emmitting light to the edge of the cloud, it had some type of electricity enveloping the area of the ship that I could see. This ship was white in color and was disk shaped. I have experienced many different types of phenomenon for a while and I have been feeling strange so I used my cell phone to video my head when I was feeling a burning sensation, this is when I captured a "orb" of light stream to my scalp, I then pointed to where the orb had gone to, the screen of my phone was facing away from me so that I could use the light of the camera. I was sitting in the dark at the time. I also knew where orbs would appear in the room and I was capturing this on camera as well.
