{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-05 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3121,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5530532.json","updb_database_id":5530532}
Santa Cesaria webcam--see diff. report from 8/03/2010.

I read the report of someone seeing UFOs on a webcam in Santa Cesaria or Cesarea in Italy, so I found it and checked it out. 

I will attach more pics in a second submission. 

It's infrared photography at night. Looks like black and white. The area is very well lit, and you can see the shore, a big hotel/spa, a parking lot, and some landscape across a little bay. Lights blink on and off, you see a bit of traffic lights, and closer in, garbage trucks, etc.

At first, what I saw was identical to the photo attached to that earlier report I had just read. (1st pic) I checked the times/date and reloaded and re-reloaded a few times, and finally concluded I was actually looking at the current pictures and the same object was visible. I was surprised at that.

The webcam pics showed several areas in the water that looked fuzzy, kinda weird, including the one very interesting object, kind of a gyropscope-looking thing. These seemed stationary, so I thought, well maybe it's lens flare.  You see a lot of "ufos" that look like just lens flare. (Will someone please tell people about lens flare?)

And then I saw this little glowing sphere floating over the water. It was gone in a few seconds. My husband and daughter came over to watch it.

And then I saw a jelly-bean shaped glowing object travel along the shore, seeming to hover over the water, from right to left. Hmmm. It seemed kind of fast, though I cannot tell the actual scale of the scene too well. 

Then a couple of minutes later, the gyroscope thing was just gone. Poof. Is it a beacon of some kind, I wonder.

Now, my curiosity was piqued, so I watched for about a half hour more. When it was a bit lighter out, I saw another glowing ship of some kind, I guess jelly bean again. (2d, 3d pic)  I biggified the picture and it looks like a hot dog or a glowing catamaranish kind of thing. I saw what looked like disturbances below the water. Are there whales there so close to land? I saw the misty-looking area again for a bit. (separate pics)

I saw a motor boat later on, when it was nearly light. It was a lot smaller and some slower than the glowing thing.

I think the area bears watching, at least.
