{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5494532.json","updb_database_id":5494532}
{rjl} noise hovered above my head slowly moved away then a flash and made sharp turn and rapidly went out of sight

I was living in an old farmhouse in June 1968, listening to music about 1230-100 am. Suddenly heard a sound that I had heard before as a kid living in Oklahoma the sound of a tornado touching down. I instantly ran out the front door looking for it as soon as I got about 10 foot out the door absolute quiet this things edge was almost on top of me coming from the direction of the river barely above the trees. There wasn't a sound not even a leaf or cricket. I just stood there in disbelief as it slowly moved directly above me and stopped hovering. It moved so slow I believe about at about the speed of a person walking. I could not move, I watched it move over the barn across the fields. Suddenly in a flash it started traveling away at a right angle faster than anything I’ve ever seen. The closest comparison was like shooting off a pop bottle rocket. I ran into the house to see if my wife had heard and seen this too. I could not believe she was sound asleep. The noise in the beginning was much louder than standing next to the railroad tracks. No one could sleep through that! The strangest thing is I saw no lights, yet the sky was brighter while it was there like the sky just before dawn once it was gone the nights sky went back to normal. It was like I was frozen yet felt at peace. I looked up at the clock and it was about 4am but was outside only about 5 minutes. Since that night I have high pitch ringing in my ears that changes in volume and pitch constantly to this day. I’ve never told anyone of this. For years I could picture this thing but couldn't really remember say or even write this down but for some reason the memories keep coming up more and more but very foggy. I have a feeling like there is something I’m supposed to remember and do but just cannot. It’s like having something on the tip of your tongue and just can’t remember. I am not nutting at least I don't think so. I need to know if anyone else has ever been drawn out by a noise like I was. For some reason I feel like I was drawn out of the house that night by a memory.
