{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3140,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5486532.json","updb_database_id":5486532}
{cak} Was standing on my porch and the brightest white light zoomed right by me right below treetops. So bright and not 20 mins later another came right over my mobile home with a smoke trail not as bright but still white

While sitting on my porch sometime around 9:30 or 10pm central time , my husband and I were talking and I looked away and right away the brightest streak went past me. It was below the tree tops and seemed rather large to be going so fast. It went so fast it was almost gone instantly. My husband didn't see it because he was looking at me. I yelled "what in the heck was that". He tried to quieten me because of neighbors but I was so excited and confused. I shook for a while. I love watching stars outside at night already and I love ufo conspiracy theories. I just knew I wasn't seeing things. I continued to sit outside even though it was getting quite cold and windy because I wanted to prove to myself I wasn't seeing things. I tried to keep a recording on my phone but my battery was running low so I started in to put my phone on the charger real quick . Just before I looked down for good to walk inside I seen this smaller ball of light go over my head just as fast but not as bright. It had a smoke trail behind it. I hollered to my husband what I had seen again (he was already inside) so he walked outside with me to watch for a few minutes. It was hard for me to go inside after this. We have a bat or 2 that flies over and around our trees alot, but it doesn't shine, glow, etc... and it sure doesn't get that close to us or even go that fast lol. But that's what my husband insisted I had seen anyways. I probably kept a look out for another hour and a half before getting too tired. We have 6 kids and mornings come early . 
Aside from all of this last night, before summer started this year , there was a cloudy, rainy day that came and I just had something telling me to get my camera out and watch the sky with it. So I did. I didn't see anything while recording, but when I looked back at what I had recorded that day, sure enough a dark , strange shaped object (sortof looks crecent and then triangular in a way)in and then out and then back in the clouds at super speeds. I still have that video saved . I had waited so long to spot something else amazing as that.
I am a strong believer in god but with that being said, I also know there is more to the universe than just this like alot of other people think...there is something big happening but i have no idea what. 

Thanks for letting me share
