{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-05 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5467532.json","updb_database_id":5467532}
{dr}Telepathic communication with sighting an hour later

Its was getting dark. I smoke outside on my porch. While I was smoking I noticed a very weird looking star like object over the mountain. It was early sunset and this thing was not like most starts i have seen. I am a pilot so I constantly look into the sky. About 40 seconds after I was watching it the corner of my vision started to blue. Almost like when you are doing high G maneuvers in a plane. I defiantly felt an elevated lever of consciousness. An it was apparent to me that the object was reaching out to me. There was a short series of very high paced transmissions. The speed was higher than I could interpret. I asked it "Are you an alien race? Are you a ufo?If so prove it." This was in my mind and I did project my questions telepathically. So the object stayed stationary and continued to keep its very obscure form. So I finished smoking and went back inside. About an hour later I went out to smoke this time from my side door. An it proved to me it was an intelligent race. It happend very vast. As I shut the door I looked up. And I saw this object moving so fast that the entire thing trailed in my vision. I could tell it was moving south and I estimate it to be at about 10000ft. It was parallel to the horizon. Now I do live in the country were we have clear skies. I have seen many shooting starts. This was similar looking. But moving much much faster. Like I said so fast that my mind was barely able to perceive it. It was like it was stationary to begin with accelerated almast instantly to a high rate of speed. Now I can only liken this to it shifting into this reality very quickly and shifting out. All while moving at what I can estimate as 20000mph or faster. It did appear completely white. I have enclosed a quick sketch. And the trail in the picture is static. THats how fast it was going. And thats how my vision perceived it. Like I said it was not a shooting star I have seen many of those. They wanted to be known.
