{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-17 04:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5499532.json","updb_database_id":5499532}
{dr}sleep paralysis and property theft

On August 17 I woke at about three am to a phone call from a co worker. He called then texted me and showed up at my apartment. He was trying to sleep with me. He knocked on my door and generally fumbled around loudly in the apartment hallway while calling me and trying to get me out of bed. I turned my phone off and lay there. I heard him laugh and there was a strange power tool noise but the door was deadbolted and I did not answer. I am pretty sure he was drunk. He must have woke the neighbors because I heard them move around and water sounds like people using the bathroom. This building is a quadplex and late at night if the air isn't on you can hear sounds. I was a little embarrassed and annoyed so it took me a bit to fallback asleep after he left. That is where I get the timeframe for the occurance. I fell back asleep and at some point I heard a noise at the front door and I woke up enough to think oh, he's back. It sounded like the front door opened and I lay there, feeling something approach my bed. It felt like something leaning over me in the dark and I tried to move but I couldn't. I tried to say help me and I actually did manage a help me with a lot of difficulty. That is different from my other bouts of sleep paralysis. I heard a loud rumbling noise rush at the head of my bed. It sounded a lot like a movie explosion. I couldn't move and I had the thought, oh. I'm going to die. Then all the sudden I could move but it was more like I turned on. My heart stuttered into fear and I lay there pretty creeped out. By Tuesday I realized part of my bike had been stolen. I had run to work on Monday so I didn't notice my bicycle damage. Tuesday morning I went outside to unlock my bike and the back tire was missing with the lock attached to the front (dumb me, I know). Weird about it is that it was locked under my garage window which was opened. Inside my garage is a television and two very nice unlocked bikes. I guess I'm confused why they walked off with my tire. There were also several adult bikes laying around the yard from kids and they weren't locked. I reported it to the police. Not the sleep paralysis. Not my coworker, either. I don't think someone trying to sleep with me would try and steal my property. Plus, I've had other strange theft events lately. I also discovered that same day I reported to the police there was a package delivered that wasn't there. It was a grocery store box and wasn't worth much. But a few days earlier a package disappeared being delivered from a different postal service that never made it past Ohio. I used online package tracking and it just disappeared and had to be re delivered. I'm pretty sure the FBI is here or some group is with me. Maybe because 9/11 is like sweeps week with me. I was texting that same co worker yesterday and something interesting occurred. He said, yelp. I said if he was making dog noises at me that I prefer bow wow. A few minutes later a man in a truck drove by me walking and said out his open window, woof woof. He had a serious look on his face and I'm guessing he wasn't making an expression about my looks. He looked a little old for that. As a little history I was pregnant with my first son on 9/11 at fifteen which is legally rape and never prosecuted. My 2nd son was born on Mother's Day which is the anniversary of my first baptism. The day of my 2nd baptism the lottery numbers came up 9911, that is the daily four. I baptized into the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints and 9/11 is a date of significance in that church as well as a historic event and the day I gave birth to my rape baby as a teenager. 9/11 is a really big deal so I'm not surprised I have a little company this week. I wish they would just stop and shake my hand and say hello. Say something like, hi Karen. We are here for observation (or whatever). Don't be alarmed if you see us hanging around. For starters I could at least not embarrass myself or be unintentionally rude. Sometimes I feel like a caged animal or poked at (not literally). When they do stuff like drive by's it really makes me agitated and upset. It makes me hostile because I am a rape victim and so sorry someone wants to make signs at you through me. It makes me feel like I'm in trouble and I might be prosecuted for giving birth or something. It pisses me off. It scares me and I have been having anxiety attacks since that day and I'm really angry at my co worker and really, even my whole company I'm employed with right now. I just feel agitated and depressed. I do report things to the FBI because I have had many conversations with Muslims over the years through chat rooms and these are people who represent they are from overseas. This was after 9/11 and I'm not sure as to the validity of claims to who they are but because of unusual events it seems safer to just let someone know. I would be curious if there were any unusual anything else in my area that night. I am only a mile from a small airport also. I may also be unwell but it has been many years since I've had a bout of sleep paralysis. That's all I have. Maybe it's stress the sleep paralysis but someone is here with me right now. Some group.
