{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-02 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49943","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5508532.json","updb_database_id":5508532}
{kt}twice i disappeared reappeared in front of 2 very credible witnesses, can i report it here?

please note, aside from these, 2 ppl from my high school have told me 1 in person, 1 on fb, that they observed UFOs here in el paso, texas. i do not know the details of their sightings

this is the email i sent to my cousin, [Name removed/cms/tg], who is a theoretical physicist at Harvard but has never entertained my questions. Hes a busy guy, i understand. Please help me? I fear this is going to cost me yet another relationship, but if you could please contact my boyfriend and get more details from him, as he was the one who witnessed it, perhaps he will feel more supported because hes a very prominent lawyer and i know ppl were giving him a really hard time because of this stuff that is happening with me. Please pray for me? n contact him? his name is [Name. Phone Number, Email and web address removed/cms/tg]
he wrote me letters stating he would gladly discuss my situation with anyone, so i had his permission to share his name with you. please contact him soon? u know us ppl that get the visitations, we don't have to keep losing relationships just because we volunteered to do this in the between lives state...

hello cousin, hope u r well? con mucha pena te pido poco de informacion or even just insight? 

twice now, once in front of my niece alicia, n another in front of my now latest ex bf. a very prominent lawyer here in El paso, i was there, then i disappeared, then reappeared.

the details:
both events happened very similarly. one time with my exbf at his condo. the other with my niece here in my studio aprt. we fell asleep. my exbf woke up and shook the blankets, pillows, checked around, called my name, finally left that room but there is no way you can leave that room without locking yourself out. and his condos layout is such that you HAVE to bump into whoever is coming or going. well after looking for me he checked the hallway adjacent to the room, wakled right back in the room, and there i was, waking up in the bed he had just checked. 

alicia was staying with me while visiting from cali. i knocked down all the walls cuz i wanna install survieilance cams. so there is nowhere to hide. so same thing, we fall asleep, she wakes up and i am nowhere to be found. here the doors also lock from inside and the dogs make lots of noise if anyone goes outside. she looks for me, even behind furniture, and not even the bathroom had a door cuz im remodeling. she falls back asleep then wakes up and there i am. 

i told em both maybe it wasnt me that left, maybe they were the ones taken somewhere else. 

cousin, i have been admitting myself to the psychiatric ward for almost two years now and this last round of chemical labodomy has left me more toda babotas like drooling onmyself practically and i am worrried that they are not even understanding that these two very legit, credible ppl experienced this with me. therefore, i am not "hallucinating." those are just 2 strange events. weirder stuff happens when im alone, but these two i at least have solid witnesses for. 

u r theoretical physicist that studies mass, right? do u have any suggestions as to what could be happening? i see beings, and i feel them like checking me biologically and we communicate, but for this i do not have proof. 

if you want to know more or want to verify that i am not bsing you, teh lawyer is [Name and Phone Number removed/cms/tg]
[link moved to additional evidence section/CMS/kt]

i ask for your help because this is like very awe inspiring but i am sad that it wrecked yet another relationship of mine in teh sense that ppl start getting scared of me. cuz im kida creepy. any info would be great amigo, and even moreso if u could call my ex n tell him who u r n just get his version or something? i know u r busy, i would never bother you were it not super important in terms of science, not even cuz its for me. 

thank u thank u thank u primo,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
