{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-13 21:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5291532.json","updb_database_id":5291532}
Possibly a military cargo plane, but unusually low to the ground and had no discernable engine noise

While driving southbound on SR37 I noted 3 bright white lights in a horizontal line and a red flashing light that appeared to be at about the 2 o'clock position and just behind the middle white light about 25-35 degrees above the horizon to the east. The lights were very bright and appeared either stationary, but could have been coming directly at me. They at first reminded me of lights from farm machinery, but were obviously too high above the horizon to be anything ground-based. Normally I would have simply assumed it was some sort of normal aircraft but the way the lights remained motionless seemed odd, odd enough that I actually stopped my car in the middle of the road to observe them for a couple minutes. I turned off my radio and rolled my window down, but could detect no engine noise that I would normally expect from an aircraft in that proximity. I observed the lights for about 90 seconds, and then the center white light moved out of formation, up and right. The white light on the right moved somewhat upward at the same time. The white light on the left moved downward and slightly right at the same time. And the red flashing light became more plainly visible towards the center of the triangle the 3 white lights now formed. All four lights then moved away in a northerly direction. My overall impression was that I had probably just seen a military cargo plane, like a C-130, in a flight path directly at me and then banking / maneuvering off to the north. But again, no engine noise. I even put my car in park and stuck my head out the window to listen, but nothing. I noted both the time I stopped to observe the lights (21:11) and the time I then continued on (21:13) on my satellite radio. I am aware of military cargo aircraft occasionally running low-level maneuvers in the area, apparently practicing navigating by landmarks, but I've never seen them do this after dark, and there's always the usual associated engine noise. So, while this could have been that, it still just struck me as odd enough to report.
