{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-02-29 19:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5548532.json","updb_database_id":5548532}
Object hovered across a 4 lane highway, over my vehicle during busy hours

This incident happened in Brunei Darussalam, Bandar Seri Begawan

Approximately 7.42pm yesterday night, I and probably approx 80-100 other vehicles travelling along the Tungku Link 1 Gadong highway (near IPA building) saw an object hovering above the trees slowly (approx 2-5km/h) not more then 60-70 feets just above the road (above the street lights). 
I stayed on the left (slow lane) which was heading towards gadong from rimba. I drove very slowly when I started noticing this object from far just to keep my eyes on it.

The object was seen crossing the 4 lanes at a sudden increase of speed from 2-5kmph to 60/100 ++ kmph in approx 2 seconds. I was trying to capture the strange object on my handphone however I missed it as I did not expect it to cross the 4 ways lane so quickly when it accelerated. When it arrived on the other side of the 4 ways lane (above the trees), it slowed down to approx 2-5km/h and slowly maneuvered towards the RIMBA airforce base / Brunei International airport. At that time, I could not see anything else but the silhouette of trees, bright lights lighting up the clouds far above from the rimba airforce base and brunei intl airport and the 3 red lights with 1 interchanging blue light on this object.

Motion of the object was steady, but slow. looked stable and the blue light was interchanging position from one to the other red light's position every second.

Just for your information, the object has actually hovered above my vehicle (and probably several others) when it attempt to cross the 4 way lane at high speed. I did not hear any propeller noise like a helicopter would have. I1ve been in a helicopter before (twice: once with the MINDEF rescue exercise out in the sea and once to TOTAL oilrig) as I am a photographer working in the press and I know it will be very noisy if it was 60-70 feet above us. My radio was turned off at that time so that I could hear properly if it would make any noise.

The incident only lasted for about +/- 1 mins 15 seconds. I suspected this was a stange object when I notice from very far. The lights did not blink like a helicopter or an air plane/craft. Shape was almost like a triangle. 3 red lights on this object, a blue light inter-changing position from one red light to another. Size of this object was approx half or 2/3 of my vehicle, 6 x 6 feet. thickness was unsure. It was dark in colour, almost pitch black that absorbs all lights around it. Even the sky was brighter (bluer) then the object. Only saw outer egde (outline of the object near it's light) no other details could be seen even when it hover over my vehicle.

I tried to make a u-turn and came back to find it however it vanished. I tried to search for it for at least 30 mins at rimba airbase highway to old airport road.

I felt shocked, curious and mixed with excitements as I knew this was some thing really different. At such short distance away, if i saw a car, i would definately recognise it as a car, a chopper would be a chopper with it's blinking lights. However, this is different!

---------this report was also sent to the Ministry of Defense of Brunei Darussalam by myself just a few minutes ago. This incident happened very nearby the Royal Brunei Airforce base and Brunei International Airport and so it could be a security issue to them -----------------------------
