{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71110","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5488532.json","updb_database_id":5488532}
{jpg} In Army basic training awaiting dismissal. Entire company watching blue, slighy bigger than starlike fleet of ufo doing zig zags everywhere.

My entire company during basic training was awaiting drill sergeants for nightly dismissal. Turned around and saw a FLEET of blue orb-like ufos in behind the barracks over the woods near some hillsbdoing zig zags. More than 10+, couldnt count them exactly since there were so many and they moved too fast. These craft had to be doing THOUSANDS of MPH doing zig-zags, 901 and other sharp angular maeuvers. They moved in a straight line, point to point manner and did not stop or slow down to make these angular maneuvers. Almost immediately before our Drill Sergeants came out to dismiss us, they basically abruptly slowed down and "drifted" behind a hill when the drill sergeants emerged from the barracks out of sight. Once inside the barracks for the night, i personally had extra duty and was cleaning all through the barracks. Of course i went straight to the windows to see if the objects were still there/returned. They did. I watched them for around almost an hour out the back windows of the barracks in the same direction as before outside. Still performing impossible maneuvers continuously. They never went away, instead after about an hour or so, I became to frightened to continue watching. I sought out the d sergeant on CQ duty for the night and managed to hang out in the D.S. office until extra duty, Once I was allowed to go to my rack to go to sleep, me and another soldier checked out a window in that same direction, as i was still too frightened to be alone. They were finally gone. Had another experience witb my company during our final field training exercise. Completely differemt craft this time. Very large orange orb at night. Looked like a second full moon (it was either a full moon or very close to it) in the sky. Only hovered a couple hundred yards away from out bivouac, a couple hundred feet off of the ground. Several times that night it would appear silently out of nowhere, hover for long perilds of time and then slowly drift behing a hill and be gone only to reapear in the sky half hour to an hour later. There were flares in the sky all night simultaniously with it and can say with extreme confidence it was absolutely not on those flares. Very very strange way to experience my BCT and introduction to the Army.
