{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4082,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5456532.json","updb_database_id":5456532}
{cak} Yellow orbs were observed by my wife and me over Shelter Island/Shelter Island Sound, each separate, each finally fading.

My wife and I were at a hotel in Southold, Long Island on September 1, 2019. While we sat by the marina looking south from outside on the hotel's "deck" we saw a dark yellow orb in the sky, not very big, but it was clear. It appeared to be over approximately the Shelter Island Sound / Peconic River separating Shelter Island from Peconic, heading East slowish, but at a steady speed (maybe 60 MPH?). It looked to be maybe 300-400 feet high(?) and did not vary altitude. When it got to what I would think was the farthest East part of Shelter Island it began to fade/disintegrate over a few seconds, but then came back to full light, then began fading again till it was gone. While it was fading, it was still heading further East. This one orb event took about 30-40 seconds. We did not see it "appear" -- it was more that we had been looking around and caught the movement.
The light was a bit strange in that it was glowing itself, but it did not seem to cast any light out, no beams or shafts of light. It did not seem to be lighting up anything below or around it.
About a minute after that, there was another orb, identical to the first, and in approximately the same place where we had picked up the first. It did the exact same straight line, same height and speed, seemingly going from one side of Shelter Island (West) to the other in the East. This time when the orb faded, it did not re-light, it just disintegrated/faded.
Another 45 seconds or a minute and again another orb was where we had seen the first two. All three were already moving when we first sighted them. This one was identical to the first two and did the same path and the same fade at pretty much the same place as the others, no re-light, as the first had.
Maybe about 2-3 minutes later, we were scanning the sky and off to my right, further West, I caught another orb, which I thnk may have been a fraction not "full" but then immediately was. Perhaps it had just appeared right there, but I could not attest to that. This was over Peconic, I would think a few miles further West. It was still at the same altitude and it looked identical to the other three we had seen. This last orb continued in the same path as the others and disintegrated/faded like the others in the same place. I have a few maps and some pics of the place to show you some more detail. This was all at about 10:45-11:15 on 9/1/2019.
In the attached PDF, I am showing the area and each page gets a bit closer to ground level. We were North of Shelter Island, as can be seen. I show sight lines from where we sat. On page 2, I show the approximate flight path of the first three orbs -- no two were ever in the sky together as they are in my drawing. On page 4, I show approximately where we saw the last orb appear, further West than the other three.
The three pictures my wife took the next morning and go from East to West (A-C), giving a slight panoramic view of the place where this happened.
