{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-22 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513532","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3194,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/532/mufon-5513532.json","updb_database_id":5513532}
{nd} 20 to 30 bright yellow/orange lights in

I was returning to my apartment [Item Moved/CMS/nd] after picking up a pizza. As I turned into my apartment parking lot, facing north, they were directly and plainly visible in the night-sky. I saw a cluster of the bright yelllow/orange lights composed of about 20 - 30 individual lights. As soon as I saw them I stopped my car and just watched/observed. It was not raining. There was a cloud cover and the lights were below the cloud cover. They appeared to be stationairy, just hanging in the sky. After about 30 seconds, I quickly parked my car, ran inside and yelled for my 13-year-old son to come outside quick, which he did. We both stood and looked at the bright lights, which now appeared to be moving slowly in a direct northward direction. My son ran back inside to get his camera. Less than a miniute later he returned, but by then all but three of the lights had faded into the north-bound night sky, perhaps into the clouds. The remaining three lights were growing dim quickly. By the time my son got his camera turned on and took the photo, I could only see one one very faint light remaining which quickly disappeared.

Anybody driving on north-bound Hwy 99 at this time -- about 6:00 p.m. -- couldnt have missed these lights.

The cluster of lights was more or less randomly spread -- as if a 12 guage shotgun had been fired into a wooden board from about 20 - 30 feet away -- they lights were in no particular arrangement within the cluster, but they were more or less evenly spaced.

About one hour later, I was outside again. The cloud cover was disappating and I could see the moon and some stars through clear patches in the clouds. I saw two more bright lights approaching from the southeast, but I assumed these were just typical commercial jet liners since I often see them when Im outside smoking, making their usual approach to PDX. But as I watched, the two jets did not follow the regular pattern, and they were also flying very low -- under the dissipating cloud cover. They didn't have the usual lights. They were headed directly toward the point where the batch of bright yellow/orange lights faded away. They were going very fast -- but not producing a significant amount of noise even as they passed nearly directly overhead. I assume they were military jets.

I had a UFO sighting experience many years ago and didn't think I would even witness another sighting -- but this one was for real. Unless it was a VERY elaborate and well-financed hoax of some sort, I just cant think of any rational explaination for what we saw.
