{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T07:22:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4619452, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114882-the-pentagos-s-secret-stash-mother-jones-march-april-1992.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb19475080874749f1e186d368f8eb15a193052c6dd1865276da9e38e35077f8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2085, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A MOTHER JONES
INVESTICATION
HE
• ENTAG
ON'S
SECRET STASH
A special report about
the "Black Budget," hidden
accounts that súck up $36
billion a year-much of it for
weapons designed to fight the
•Russians. Don't they know
the cold war is over?
PRESIDENT FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT SAT IN THE
Oval Office fifty years ago and listened in wonder as
Vannevar Bush, the dean of engineering at the Massa-
chusetts Institute of Technology, described a twenty-
five-pound bomb that could explode with the force of
3.6 million pounds of dynamite. The best guess was
that $100 million would be needed to build the secret
weapon. The president told Bush that he would deliv-
er a blank check for the Manhattan Project, to be
funded by a "special source," a hidden reservoir of
cash. On that day, October 9, 1941, the black budget
was born. Four years later, its first brainchild ex-
ploded over Hiroshima.
Today, every day, close to $100 million flows
through underground pipelines from the Treasury to
the Pentagon to fuel the national-security machinery
of the United States. The black budget-"black" in
the sense of being unseen, covert, hidden from light-
is the secret treasury of the nation's military and intel-
ligence agencies. It is appropriated and spent with the
barest public debate or scrutiny.
The black budget began its sharp ascent in the
1980s. As the Pentagon's budget doubled, the secret
budget quadrupled to an estimated $36 billion a year.
It financed wonder weapons for World War III, bil-
lion-dollar nuclear bombers, and space-based brains
to win six-month nuclear wars. And now, in the
1990s, though the prospect of nuclear Armageddon
between the United States and the Soviet Union has
evaporated, the secret projects grind on. Billions are
still being spent covertiy to build nuclear bombers
that can fly at eight times the speed of sound, under-
ground nuclear-war command posts for the presi-
dent and his peers, nuclear-powered engines for Star
Wars rockets, and a hundred moře highly classified
military machines.
BY TIM WEINER
Photograph by Owen Dennis Brack/Black Star

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 811, "chars": 5309, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MILSTAR, still classihed,
isa communications
network designed to
endure a six-month
nuclear war.
MiLstar's price tag remains at $40 billion.
Classified: Top Secret. The secret budget grew exponen-
tially during the cold war. In 1947, the United States, then the
world's sole superpower, hegan to build an enormous national-
security system to preserve and extend its might. The system
demanded secret funds, so the weaponry for fighting the cold
war was built with moncy taken surreptitiously from the Pen-
tagon's budget.
First came the Central Intelligence Agency in 1947. Next, the
Pentagon's National Security Agency, with its global weh of
wiretaps and other electronic cavesdropping cquipment, was
formed in 1952. Then, in 1960), came the National Reconnais-
sance Office, the spy-satellite service still so secret that the Pen-
tagon denies its existence. Providing the billions to run these
agencies became a great game, played behind closed doors by
the Pentagon, the CIA, and one or two senior members of Con;
gress. Almost no one in Congress-and no one in the public or
the press-could account for these funds. Back in the carly
1960s, when the CIA sought to huild its present-day headquar-
ters in Langley, Virginia, Richard Russell of Cieorgia, then head
of the Senate Armed Services Committee, simply created a ficti-
tious new aircraft carrier and let the CIA siphon off the cash.
• The moncy for the ghost ship huilt the spooks" shop.
All along, money to finance the search for strategies to fight
and win a nuclear war has been buried in the Pentagon's hudget.
But even at the height of the cold war, the secret hudget for nukes
and spooks never exceeded 59 billion a year-until Ronald Rea-
gan took over. Key members of the Reagan administration real..
ly helieved, as one of its Pentagon strategists, Colin Cray, put it,
that "the United States may have no practical alternative to
waging a nuclear war." Their search for newer and better nu-
clear-war-fighting weapons created a critical mass in the subter-
rancan dynamo of secret Pentagon spending. The covertness
that had heen confined to the nation's intelligence agencies soon
also enshrouded the most complex-and least sensible-of the
weapons on the Pentagon's drawing hoards and assembly lines.
24 MOTHER JONIS/MARCH/APKI. 1992
Extraordinary secrecy, like that sur-
rounding the Manhattan Project, he-
came everyday practice inside the Pen-
tagon.
Of the roughly $36 billion in the
secret hudget today, about $.30 billion
is tonsumed by the Pentagon's intel-
ligence services, the CIA, the Justice
Department's counterintelligence pro-
grams, and smail intelligence branches
within the State, Energy, and Treasury
departments. About $5 billion goes to
build and develop weapons programs,
many of which remain so highly classi-
fied that only the swo most senior
members of the congressional armed-
services and appropriations commit-
tees know anything about them.
There have heen a few open pro-
tests about this secrecy from several
Congress members and Pentagon in-
siders. Les Aspin, chairman of the
House Armed Services Committee,
has heen saying for years that most of
the secret budget for weaponry should
he brought into the light and that it is
simply had public policy to hide amounts of government spend-
ing. " Robert Costello, who was in charge of buying weapons at
the Pentagon during the last years of the Reagan administration,
helieves that the secret budget hides billion-dollar programs
from oversight and criticism. "[Inside the Pentagon| the mind-
set is, I'm going to, use secrecy to build my nice isolated fittle
cocoon,"" Costello says. And when the cocoons came under
attack, when the secrecy was criticized by skeptics inside the
Pentagon, "they fired the bastards that wanted to put screws on
Secrecy ahout the nation's nuclear-war plans still provides a
stecly cover-until a small number of programs become too
costly or too haywire to survive. In the five years that I've heen
trying to ferret out information about the black hudget, as a
reporter for the Philadelphia Inquirer and while researching a
book, only a handful of the rwenty-first-century wonder weap-
ons financed by the secret treasury have come to light. Public
pressure and congressional anger forced the lid off the now
famous B-2 bomber, and reporters and public-policy advocates
uncovered strange programs with eerie names such as Timber-
wind, MIl.STAR, and Island Sun. The relatively few secret
programs made public so far raise questions about the entire
enterprise-and its relevance to a post-cold-war world. For, al-
most without exception, these black projects have proved wildly
expensive, technologically dubious, or arguably insane.
Timberwind. Timberwind, a program to build a nuclear-
powered rocket engine, is a secret component of Star Wars. Still
highly classified, its overall costs are estimated at 58 billion.
Although Strategic Defense Initiative and Pentagon officials re-
fuse to confirm or deny the project's existence, Timberwind-tests
are scheduled to take place sometime later in the decade in the
Nevada desert. According to one armed-services-committee
staff member, SDI officials only briefed those in Congress who
they thought would he sympathetic to the program and kept
Illustration courtesy of Lockheed

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 951, "chars": 5960, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Timberwind secret from the majority of the members of the
armed-services committees.
ful rockets to shoot down incoming Soviet nukes. The United
States is still set on constructing a nest of one hundred anti-
ballistic missiles, the maximum-size force permitted by ABM
treaties, at a proposed site in the Dakotas.
The Timberwind engine, which is supposed to provide a big-
ger boost for the ABMs and other delivery systems, has been
considered a possible key to fielding an ABM force to protect
U.S. military posts from a nuclear attack by our old adversary,
the Evil Empire. The idea that the Russians no longer seem set
on nuking the U.S. heartland has not yet stilled Timberwind,
which has already chewed up more than $185 million in re-
search funds.
MILSTAR: Still Classified. The Military Strategic and
Tactical Relay system was designed to be the ultimate war ma-
chine: a network of space satellites and blast-hardened ground
stations that would endure a six-month nuclear war. The fact
that the Pentagon planned to fight and win a nuclear war of that
duration suggests how far removed from reality the nation's
nuclear-strategists were in the 1980s. In their vision, MILSTAR
would weave together the communications links of U.S. nuclear
forces so that they could
A MOTHER JONES
keep launching missiles
INVESTIGATION
at the Soviets long after
the White House and the Pentagon were blown to smithereens.
For a cost of up to 540 billion, MILSTAR was to pierce the
ferocious electronic static of nuclear war, to keep relaying the
go-codes and launching orders to the surviving missilemen in
their submarines and silos-for six months, until the last war-
head screamed across the sky.
Sounds like a technological fantasy, impossible to accomplish
at any price? It is. But the Pentagon and the White House "con-
sistently sent the signal" that such a system was needed, accord-
ing te John Steinbruner, director of foreign-policy studies at the
Brookings Institution and one of the nation's top civilian experts
on nuclear-war strategy. "They want an enduring system.
They've told the weapons and systems designers to do it. And
they've driven the designers crazy. The designers don't know
how to build a system capable of surviving a protracted nuclear
war, even spending tens or hundreds of billions of dollars. But
the money's being spent, no question about it."
Due to immense cost overruns, MILSTAR's architecture has
been scaled back; the Pentagon now emphasizes the program's
"conventional" role in some future global war. In the first-and
to date, the only-public report ever listed on MILSTAR, the
BEHIND THE STORY
WHEN TIM WEINER ARRIVED IN WASHINGTON, D.C., IN 1986
as an investigative reporter for the Philadelphia Inquirer, he had
no idea that he was about to plunge into a six-year effort to
uncover the nation's secret intelligence and weapons programs.
"I was originally assigned to get to the bottom of the spare-
parts pricing scandal then heating up. You know, the story about
the ten-thousand-dollar wing nuts and so on," Weiner says.
Step one in covering that story was a close study of the coun
try's military budget. "The first time I looked at it, I was struck
by the proliferation of code words and blank spaces, " he remem-
bers. "I wondered about programs with names like OMEGA,
OLYMPIA, BELL WEATHER, and BERNIE. But even more star-
tling than the fact that the purpose of the programs was not
revealed was that the cost was not reported-to Congress or the
public. I couldn't understand how in the world the Pentagon
could get away with blanking out the costs."
In pursuit of more information about this "black budget,"
which hås quadrupled during the Reagan-Bush era, Weiner met
with Pentagon whistle-blowers, citizen watchdog groups, mem-
bers of Congress, and their assistants. He plowed through classi-
fied and unclassified government documents. But what he was
finding gencrated more questions than answers.
Then Weiner got a break. An insider who knew the big picture
agreed to talk and provide both information and guidance. "He
thought that the whole system was out of control —and he wasin
the middle of it," recalls Weiner. "He thought the secret budget
was being used to mask the biggest, most costly, and least sensi-
ble weapons programs in the Pentagon."
• Weiner's newspaper stories received virtually no acknowledg-
ment from top administration officials. Once, he put a series of
questions to Caspar Weinberger, Ronald Reagan's secretary of
defense. "He glared at me and said, This is funding which we
believe it is better for us not to publicize on the very sound
premise that we don't see the purpose of giving additional infor-
mation to the enemy, " Weiner says. "That may have been well
and good back in the dark days of the Evil Empire. But the
secrecy no longer makes any sense."
For his 1987 series of newspaper stories about secret military
programs, Weiner received the Pulitzer Prize in 1988. The arti-
cles, the prize, and a book he authored called Blank Check
(published in 1990) drew some attention on Capitol Hill. But
Weiner says he's not surprised that little has changed in the
intervening years.
"It has had remarkably little impact;"
he says. "Almost every effort at reform
failed last year. There was no limit placed
on the amount of black money a program
can consume. And the Congress even at
lowed President Bush to beat it back from
publishing the bottom line on the intel-
ligence budget."
Weiner remains obsessed by the story,
saying he's only scratched the surface so
far. "There's a host of multibillion-dollar
programs," he adds, "just churning away,
secretly and in defiance of what the Con-
stitution says. These secret programs are like an enormous ship
churning through the night. Even if an order was to come down
from the bridge tomorrow to reverse course, it would take years
to make a difference. And, tragically, that order has not come."
MARCH/ARKII. 1992/MOTHER JONES 25

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 940, "chars": 6061, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A MOTHER KONES
Senate Armed Services
INVESTIGATION
Committee revealed in
November 1990 that "the
Department of Defense has not justified the extraordinary
expense of this over-designed system.
Despite the relaxation of forty yoars of nuclear tension he-
sween Washington and Moscow, the money for MILSTAR con-
tinues to flow: $1.6 billion in the 1992 Pentagon budget alone.
And MISTAR's nuclear-war-fighting mission remains. Bruce
Blair, a former Strategic Air Command missileman who has
studied the nation's nuclear-war plans for the Pentagon and
Congress, argues that the mission arose from an "illicit evasion
of the adversarial process," sparked by the Pentagon's "loss of
faith in the democratic system.
Support for MIl.STAR would not have survived the rigors of
open debate in the planning stages, Blair says. "By hiding the
specific means to goals like MILSTAR, you're hiding the goals
• " he concludes. "That's sabotaging our form of gov-
'ernment."
looming mushroom cloud, and Al Haig's voice crackles over the
car radio, "I'm in control here at the White House....
The Solid-Gold Bomber. The Stealth homber-the fan-
tastically expensive B-2 nuclear bomber, the poster child of the
black budget, the bat-winged hehemoth built to blast the
Kremlin to rubble and the rubble into dust during Workd War I!!
—was developed in secret in the name of national security. The
B-2 was a done deal before a word of public debate on its costs
and capabilities was spoken. Now $32 billion has been spent on
the plane. Three planes have heen built, and rwelve or thirteen
more are on the production line. There's $4.4 billion in the 1992
Pentagon budget just to keep the lines open. But if production
stops after 16 Stealth bombers, thar3 more than two billion
hucks a plane. At such a price, you could build the B-2, which
weighs seventy tons, out of solid gold-and still have more than
a billion in leftover cash to stuff in the bomb bays. But the
Pentagon has even topped that: two highly classified programs
to build stealth weapons for the B-2 and other bombers-the
Advanced Cruise Missile and the Tri-Service Standoff Attack
The Doomsday Project. Though MISTAR may not
Missile-will cost up to $22 billion, according to air-force
ever serve the space-based bram for World Warlil, many related
secret projects grind on, as if nuclear Armageddon were still
A third stealthy missile, a drone code-named Tacit Rainbow,
around the hend. One set of these programs, managed by al
has been canceled. Tacit Rainbow was supposed to hunt down
secret White House agency called the National Program Office,
and kill enemy radars and air defenses. But due to what the
is known less formally around the Pentagon as the "Doomsday
Pentagon politely called "quality-control problems" at the
Northrop Corporation (the same folks who hrought you the B-2
The project, which originated in the carly 1980sas Licutenant
bomber), the drone couldn't find its own backside with both
Colonel Oliver North's first major White House assignment,
hands and a road map. Unfortunately, it burned up a billion
aims to keep the White House and Pentagon running during and
dollars before that fact came out; the program, like many of its
after a nuclear war or some other major crisis. This apocalyptic
counterparts in the black budget, had been kept so secret that its
concoction has swallowed at least $7.5 billion in secret funds.
failures were hidden until the moncy was gone.
But its fantastically claborate communications links camot
withstand dry-run tests, even without nuclear bombs exploding
Attack Planes. Ar S2 billion apiece, the B-2 would still be
right and left around them, according to a senior army offer
a bargain compared to the A-12 attack plane. Three billion
familiar with the scenario.
dollars went into this secret program, but no planes were huilt.
The Doomsday Project is actually an amalgam of secret pro-
and none ever will be. The Pentagon discovered too late that the
grams such as Island Sun,,
design for the plane was impos-
which involves a convoy of gen-
sible: the A-12 would crack in
crals hurtling down interstate
two if a pilot tried to land it on
highways in lead-laced tractor-
trailer trucks, dodging nuclear
detonations and barking com-
mands through scramblers.
Other major program compo-
nents feature a network of un-
derground hunkers for the sur-
The wall surrounding the
secret budget has proved
more durable than the
one that divided Berlin.
an aircraftcarricr. Navyofficers
and officials at contractors
General Dynamics Corpora-
tion and. McDonnell-Douglas
Acrospace Corporation al-
legedly kept the plane's prob-
lems secret from civilian over-
viving military and civilian
seers-and even from Pentagon
leaders-a Dr. Strange-
auditors-stor a year, in order to
love-style dream.
keep the secret moncy flowing.
Among the many open ques-
(Both General Dynamics and
tions about the Doomsday
McDonnel-Douglas deny any
Project is a constitutional one: whether those clite survivors
wrongdoing.) Now that the secret is out, the program has heen
would assume executive powers. A superb CNN investigation
canceled as a dismal failure. The navy's deputy general counsel
broadcast last November revealed that the National Program
wrote in an executive report that the excessive secrecy, whích he
Office, headed by Vice-President J. Danforth Quayle, had
called an "abiding cultural problem" in the world of black
drawn up a list of unclected national-security wizards who
programs, had concealed the A-12's fundamental flaws.
could assume command of the country if the constitutional suc-
When the contractors covered up their mistakes and kept
cessors to the presidency were vaporized or otherwise unavail-
them secret from the navy, the navy told Secretary of Defense
able after a nuclear attack. Not a comforting thought for the day.. Dick Cheney that all waswell with the A-12. That was a lic that,'
after World War Ill: You're driving frantically away from a
like a virus, was passed on try Cheney to Congress. When he
26 MOTHER JONIS/MARC.01/APKE. 1993

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4563, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
discovered he'd been had, Cheney went
off like a ballistic missile, fuming,
"No
one can tell me exacily how much it will
cost to keep this program going. " In Janu-
ary 1991, he hmally killed the A-12. Such
is the price of secrecy: all the navy has to
show for the $.3 billion spent under cover
on the A-12 is six stacks of useless draw-
ingsgathering dust in a top-secret file cab-
Three Stealth
bombers
were built
$32 billion
spent
Challenge to the Black Budget.
The ahove-mentioned programs are but a
handful of the major secret projects that
21068
the military nanced under the shroud of
• national security in the 1980s. But the fact
that this list can he compiled at all-the
fact that you're reading this artick-is a
measure of the success achieved by
watchdog groups and the press.
When public pressure forced the B-2,
the A-12, MIL.STAR, Tacit Rainbow, and
other secret programs into the open, the
projects werescaled back or canceled out-
How the Secret
Budget Grows
10.26
right. They could not survive the light. If
that pressure for public debate continues,
the black budger-a story that may he-
6.62
7.75
8.49
come a classic saga of the life and slow
death of an unconstitutional system-
3.56
might he secing its last days. For six years
now, cracks have begun to show in the
black budget's secret superstructure.
(S in billions)
'.63
1.3
Back in 1985, when the costs and the
true nature of all black programs were
1981
1983
still state secrets, the Center for Defense
1985
1987
1989
1991
1993
Information, a Washington-hased public
The Pentagon's Secret Research & Development Programs
watchdog group run by a retired admiral
Sonaries: Classefical and unclassifed Pentagon documents revered by lim Wemer
and staffed by dogged young investiga-
tors, published the first-ever analysis of any part of the secret
information.
• budget. By picking apart the list of all Pentagon rescarch-and
Nothing doing, replied Wemberger. The Pentagon steadfastly
development programs, adding up the costs of all unclassific
refused to acknowledge the existence of sccret programs
research programs, and comparing the total to the bottom line
through the 1980%. Nor did the first newspaper and magine
of the R&l budget, the Center was able to show that the price
stories about the black budget have much impact.
tag for all classhed research programs was growing fast, from
What first began to crode the monolith was the revelation
$600 nillion a year under Jimmy Carter to $9 billion a vear
that a handful of White House soldiers, retired military men.
under Ronald Reagan. Soon, rescarchers at the Federation of
and CIA operatives had set up a highly profitable weapons deal-
American Scientists became intrigued and started coing their
ership with branches in Tehran, Tegucigalpa, and Tel Aviv. Iran-
own analyses. A 1985 cditorial in Defense News, a trade pub-
contra exploded the notion that the nation could tolcrate the
lication started up to capitalize on the Pentagon's boom times.
level of secrecy that the White House and the Pentagon had
warned that "it is only a matter of time before the public gets a
demanded. The congressional investigation of Iran-contra,
peck inside the rat's maze and is repelled by what is there.
though badly hotched, showed that the whole fiasco never could
In carly 1986, a handful of clected representatives decided to
have happened without the machinery of the setret budget. The
• challenge the system. Les Aspin, then the new head of the House
Pentagon and the ClA had worked "to avoid complying with an
Armed Services Committee, wrote to Reagan's defense sec-
established law by going black," in the words of Senator
retary, Caspar Weinherger, protesting that 70 percent of the
William Cohen of Maine. They ginned up their covert Central
moncy that the Pentagon was secking for secret weaponry had
America networks, funded them with profits from the Iran arms
heen classified for reasons having nothing to do with national
siles, and lied when asked by Congress or the media to explain
security. Congressman John Dingel of Michigan, head of the
what they were doing. The constitutional nightmare of Iran-
House Energy and Commerce Committee, also wrote Wein-
contra was the perfect distillation, the quintessence, of the secret
herger: " The Air force has been hiding virtually all relevant cata
hedget. As Ronald Reagan was packing up his momorabilia and
on black" programs from the Congress." He wanted
preparing to turn the White House over to his loyal underling
Photograph bry SIPA Press
MAKE APR 1002 MODER JONES 27

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1090, "chars": 7186, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Curingi Bush, a sulterhor assault on this system had hegun.:
Among a few memhers of Congress, it has hecome an article
of faith that the "everutive hranch koops too many things classi-
tick and classitied an tow high a level, and classified for tow
king." says Jim Curne, a forner spokesperwon for the Senate
intelligener committer. But Congress has also acted largely by
default-derlassifying the Pentagon's billion-dollar drawing-
hoard blunders after the fact, harrumphing loudly after dis-
covering what the ClA's hern doing hehind its back, moaning
when the White House ignores its laws.
Today, after half a contury of black hudgets, the secret cache
largely remains inviolate. The wall surrounding it has proven
more durable than the one that divided Berlin. "Basically the
whok government secrecy apparatus is still in a cold-war mode.
The inherited structures of the last forty years are still in place
and still provide for great latitude in government secrecy,"
Steven Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists.
Aftergoal, a self-taught expert on the secret hudget, was the first
to uncover the Timherwind program last year.
"Some of the largest classified programs have come out of the
hlack," Aftergone adds: "There have heen a number of scan-
dalous failures involving excessive secrecy, like the A-12. There
have hern gestures by Congress in the direction of greater open-
ness. And ahove all, there is a growing skepticism and concern
among more and more members of the public about gov-
ernment secrecy. Sooner or later, I hope that will bring a funda-
mental change... But right now, it's difficult to discern the
fundamental change that will he required to create a truly open
and democratic system."
Concrete changes, even symbolic ones, have heen few and
fechle. Congress has the power to relegate the black budget to
the cold wars graveyard, to place it in the national-security
museum along with fallout shelters and loyalty oaths. Congress
could demand the disclosure of data on the cost and the char-
acter of stret programs. But it has done so only in a piccemeal
way, allowing most of its thrusts to he parried by the sword and
shield of Pentagon secrecy. It has not confronted the underlying
fact that the secrecy system itself deties the Constitution, which
requires that the government publish a complete and accurate
account of all federal spending. "The fault lies with the Con-
gress," says Congresswoman Pat Schroeder of Colorado. "If we
forced the release of this information, there would he no isste.
As long as the Congress goes along with the Pentagon's secrecy
program, we have no [legitimate| complaint."
Two case studies in congressional action and inaction culmi-
nated last Novemher. They point to ways in which the secrecy of
the black hudget can he croded —hut very slowly. In the summer'
of 1991, Congress discovered a slew of undisclosed programs
with operating funds for secret military intelligence units that
the Pentagon had clandestinely built and sustained. "There are
dozens of these programs that we knew nothing about,"
senior congressional staff member tells me.
"The Pentagon's
heen stonewalling us," says another.
These supersecret projects were never subjected to the limited
oversight required of such programs as the A-12 and Timher-
wind. At most, & or.9 members of Congress- the Speaker of the
House and the senior members of the armed-services and appro-
priations committees— were allowed to go to the Pentagon and
he briefed in lead-lined rooms. These few were at the mercy of
the briefers completeness and accuracy. Theother 140 memhers
of the committees voting on the Pentagon's bucket had to oper-
28 MOTHER JONES/MAKE H/AIKI 1942
ate in the dark. Now Congress, in secret language incorporated
in the classified annes of the 1942 Pentagon budget, has de-
manded more information on they "dep black" programs.
Separately, the Senate intelligence committer voted ten-to-
five last July to change a long-standing practice of vcrecy ho
publishing the hottom line of the intelligence badger-the
nanny that goes to the Cld and the lontagon's intelligene
agencies, such as the National Security Agency, the Notional Re-
connaissance Office, and the Defense Inelligene Agency, The
new director of central intelligence, Robert M. Cootes, plead
the committer during his October confirmation hearings hy sup-
porting the idea as a symbolic gesture showing that post-cold-
war glasnost had come to the ClA. I heard Contes make that
statement, and it sounded like a promise to me. But in
November, after President Bush threatened to veto the entire
intelligence bill unless the committee's measure was watered
down, Congress caved in. The members of the intelligence com-
mittees changed their order to a powerless "sens of Congress"
There is pertinent history in the difficult struggle to aneil the
intelligence budget. Back in April 1976, the Church Committer,
the only congressional panel ever to publish a detaied investiga-
tion of the ClA, voted eight-to-three to disclose the sum total of
classified sponding for espionage, counterespionage, and intel-
ligence analysis. The committee said that "publication of the
aggregate figure for national intelligence would begin to satisfy
the constitutional requirement for a public budget| and would
not damage the national security.
The movement for openness that time around was beaten
back. And the point man for the counterattach was the hoad of
the ClA, Gorge Bush. As presidem fifteen years later, Bush
fought the same battle-and won again. Meanwhile, Congress
continues to protest that Bush treats its secret military and intel-
ligence appropriations as mere suggestions to spendthe black
budget as he sees fit, to regard the black badger cnacted by
Congress as simply a sketch, not a legal blueprint, and to ignore
congressional orders and limitations on secret funds, lo permit
this sleight of hand to continue is a sweeping abdication of
authority by Congress, the Senate Appropriations Committer
reported last September.
The issue here is not some run-of-the-mill power struggle
herween Congress and the White House: it is the heart of tis.
constitutional government. it's casy to make a joke of the fact
that spending money is the only real power that Congress holds.
But "this power of the purse,"
"wrote James Madium, the Cin-
stitution's principal author, is "the most complete and effectual
weapon with which any Constitution can arm the immediate
representatives of the poople. " By allowing the Pentagon and the
nation's intelligence agencies to have a secret purse, Americans
are ceding a portion of their political power to unclected and un-
accountable national-security soldiers.
Tim Wemer is a Pulitzer Price-winning Washington corres-
pondent for che Philadelphia Inquirer. He is the anthora/ Blank
Check (Warner Books), a book alone secret programs.
For more information about tun watchdog groups men-
timed inshis story, contact: "
• Center for Defense Information, 1S00 Massachmselts
Aye. NW. Washingm, IX: 200005: (2002) 862-007000
• Federation of American Scientists, 307 Massachusetts
Are. N.I... Washingtom, IX: 200002: (2002) 5-46-33040.
