{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:42:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1216567, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114872-the-budget-you-can-t-see-washington-post-july-7-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "581e5e7418f814a1305471c494557a93b87b1960885497e4794b235120a2f252"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1449, "chars": 9139, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WASHINCTON POST
A LOOK AT...
The Pentagon's New Priorities
The Budget You Can't See
In a Shrinking Defense Pie, the Stealth Slice Is Growing Thicker Each Year
By Bill Sweetman
ATE IN May, on a bright afternoon in
Dayton, Ohio, a group of engineers in
their fifties and sixties posed happily for
cameras in front of a strange blue air-
ne, with a bluff nose and tapering, flipper-like
that had earned it the nickname Whale. It
could have been the public debut of any new air-
craft, with
one exception: the plane had been
completed 14 years earlier. The Whale, a pro-
totype radar plane officially known only as Tacit
had made its first flight in 1982 and its
last
fight in 1985 when somebody eliminated
its mission. The Air Force won't tell you where
it spent the next 11 years because the Whale is
a creature of the military's. "black world," in
which tens of thousands of people work on pro-
jects in an environment of pervasive, rigorous
востесу.
The massive growth of a clandestine military
was one of the most criticized features of the
Reagen-Bush defense build-up. Over 12 years,
hundreds of billions of dollars were spent in se-
cret on airplanes and spacecraft, on test facili-
ties and bases and on covert operations. With
the gpd of the Cold War and a new administra
tion, some people predicted that the Pentagon
might cut back and bring these projects into the
light.
They were wrong. Undet the Clinton admin-
intration, clandestine projects are still expensive
and still secret. That part of the black military
budget that can be glimpeed stands at more
han $14 billion-
-close to its 1980s peak. But
this. Is mostly for research and development as
well is some production. It does not include un-
discoverable billions spent for operations, sup-
port and construction projects.
Pushing this trend is a Pentagon led by a sub-
stantial number of civilian and military officials
Bill Sweetman, who specializes in aerospace
and defense issues, writes for Popular
Science and Jane's International Defense
Revięo. His most recent book is
"Aurora-The Pentagon's Secret Spyplane.",
with extensive black budget experience.
entire budget. It is much-more than the Air
Starting with Secretary of Defense William,
: Force will spend on buying airplanes.
Perry, they believe that the clandestine devel-
• Some programs are listed but carry code
opment of costly, high-tech weapons is the best
names. The Air Force uses a random Pentago?
way to provide the United States with a battle-
nese name generator to produce "Advanced
field advantage. Coming at a time when much
Program Evaluation" or "Special Evaluation,
othef military spending is declining, the effect is
- System" while the Navy hits the garden-center
a shift in Pentagon priorities that has not been
catalog for "Link Laurel" and "Retract Maple."
debated.
Where all this money goes is a deepening
For. instance, under the Clinton administra-
mystery. In the 1980s and early 1990s, most
tion's budget request for next year, the Air
secret spending went for two items: stealth
Force-which has historically handled the bulk
aircraft and satellites developed by the Nation-
of black programs—plans to spend two-thirds
al Reconnaissance Office (NRO). But the big
more on secret research and development than
gest stealth projects-such as the B-2 and F
it did under the last budget that George Bush
117—have been brought into the white world.
sent to Congress, a $2.1 billion increase. Clin-
At the same time, satellites last longer-
ton wants to spend another $5.9 billion of the
something which may explain the drop in se-
Air Force budget on producing secret weapons,
cret production funds. It is hardly surprising
a small reduction from the last Bush budget, but
that many people do not believe the CIA and
more than offset by the surge in research.
the Air Force when they deny the existence of
In 1997, almost 40 cents of every dollar that
large programs like the rumored 4,000-mph
the USAF will spend on equipment will be spent
Aurora spyplane.
on secret projects. The secret Air Force spends
The key number is the surge in research
25 percent more on weapons development than
and development-which often precedes much
the entire United States Army.
The same trend is repeated, to a lesser de-
larger spending when it comes time to build
the weapons. Every morning in Las Vegas, be-
gree, in the Navy. Despite generally lower
tween 700 and 1,000 people board anonymous
budgets, the Navy still spends a relatively
737 jetliners and fly to Area 51, the Nevada
steady $1.6 billion a year on secret research
flight-test base which has been the home of
projects.
classified airplane projects since 1955. In .
You won't find these number, in a public
1992, McDonnell Douglas set up the Phantom
document, but it is possible to estimate
Works to pursue classified research and devel-
the cost because some of the figures are
opment projects. Its success is one of the rea-
only thinly concealed in the unclassified version
sons why the company's Pentagon business
of the Pentagon budget. Three methods are
has stayed high despite the winding down of
used:
orders for its fighters.
*• In the research and development budget,
Lockheed Martin's renowned Skunk Works
the line items listed for "operational systems
employs 4,000 people-even though the only
development" do not add up to the total for
aircraft it is known to have built since 1990 are
that section. The difference--$4.8 billion in
two small spy drones.
The Air Force's re-
the Air Force budget-is accounted for by
search campus at Wright-Patterson Air Force
classified programs.
• Generic line items cover many programs.
Base, in Dayton, is bustling. Construction con-
tinues
on a new office complex-a strange
The best example is the "Selected Activities"
sight in the midst of a defense drawdown. And
line in the Air Force procurement budget: At
these are no ordinary offices: with nine-inch-
$4.67 billion, it is the largest line item in the
thick internal doors, two basement levels with
separate staircases, and high-security video-
conference facilities.
There is no doubt that part of what the
black budget is paying for is aircraft that are as
yet undisclosed. Area 51. was significantly ex-
panded just after the Whaleits most recent
known resident-ended its flying career, An-
other enigma centers on the secure air base at
Tonopah, Nev., where the F-117 Stealth fight-
er became operational in 1983. Just after the
Gulf War, the Stealth fighters were evicted,
and moved to Holloman Air Force Base in
New Mexico. Yet Tonopah is still active.
fense secretary, conducted a "bottom-up'
spending review in September 1993, he left se
cret programs unscathed. When. Aspin unexpect-
edly resigned after less than a year, Clinton
turned to Aspin's deputy, William Perry a de
fense entrepreneur. Sometimes called "the godfa
ther of Stealth," Perry had been instrumental in
the development of the first stealth airplanes as
a key member of President Carter's Pentagon
team in the late 1970g.
During Perry's tenure, the upper Pentagon
anks have filled with people who have similar
ong backgrounds in classified programs. Paul K
.Corp. in Los Angeles, a low-protle
company which manages many of the Air Force's
classified space projects. The Air Force's senior
stealth fighter unit, the 4450th Tactical Group,
existed for only six years and was
normal Air Force wing-yet sever
group and squadron commanders a
The White House has been cor
the Pentagon's requests in expans
world. Take the-case of Area 51,
Force refuses to admit exists even
graphs of the base have appearer
magazines. When the Air Force de
two tracts of public land that overlo
the Department of the Interior wa
ply. When an attorney filed a lawsu
some Area 51 workers who claimer
injured by toxic materials, Pres
signed an "exemption," tellingà 1
district court judge that the Air F
disclose any documents relating to
The direct cost of this secrecy
Between 10 and 15 percent of the i
program is abeorbed by security m
the establishment of separate financ
istrative systems fot every project
fying people to work every morning
Blue Was unveiled, one of the progr
told me that-Pentagon undercover
assigned to contact the spouses of
rogram, attempting to find out if a
lated the law by
answering the q
was your day at work, dear
Accountability is the real issue.
national security
and intelligence a
theory, oversee
black programs. Ju
fact that the NRO has confessed to 1
$4 billion in surplus funds, this ove
less than effective. It does not cover
of all black projects the "waiver
hich are secre
even from the com
The black
world prospers and b
are established while a complia
ion overrides the judiciary at its
Pentagon's leaders are immersed in
briefs a few members of Congre
deare
1 into somebut not all of i
and
lack the data and the tim
nap the
ecret labyrinth.
Mos
accept the need fo
imes of crisis. And most would aco
for the
country to pursue techi
throughs sheltered from prying es
question is whether a secret milita
such a thriving, unaccountable insti
the security of the nation is less thr
it has been for decades.
A Misguided Missile Ship
