{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:41:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1717652, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114846-military-secrecy-rises-wall-street-journal-september-25-1985.pdf", "source_sha256": "62a1fca70c59fb09ab9027af129a9916ce4da37f07759d1f45ef8867167d043a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1149, "chars": 7584, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IHI
-
Declassified in Part - Sanitized Copy Approved for Release 2012/02/08 : CIA-RDP90-00965R000402650009-9
..
ARTICLE APPEARED
WALL SIKEEI JUURIAL
25 September 1985
ON PAGE
Sometimes public efforts become wrack
Shadowy Spending
programs. The research and development
budget of the Pentagon's Defense Mapping
Military Secrecy Rises,
Agency, which prepares the data that
guide bombers and cruise missiles, van-
ished from this fiscal year's budget. This
With Pentagon Hiding
fast-growing portion of the agency's budget
increased from $70 million in 1983 to a re-
Billions of Its Outlays
quest for $207 million in 1985 before disap-
pearing into the black budget.
When black programs do show up in the
Pentagon budget, they are undefined and
Stealth Bombers and Fighters
Expand Classified Total;
Is It All That Necessary?
unquantified. They often are cloaked in in-
triguing code names like "Theme Castle"
and
"Omega," or deceptively familiar
ones like "Bernie" and "Leo." Experts
piece together information that yields
clues about these code names. David Mor-
rison, of the Center for Defense Informa-
How Bidding Can Be Averted
tion, believes that black budget codes be-
ginning with "Seek," such as "Seek Axle"
or "Seek Spinner," refer to radar systems.
Mr. Morrison notes that unclassified Pen-
And RoBERT S. GRRENBERGER
Staff Reporters of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
A black hole is growing inside the fed-
eral government, and it is pulling in bil
Like the celestial black holes, this phe-
nomenon can be seen mostly by its effects:
Lockheed Corp.'s 7,000 or so employees in
Burbank, Calif., busily working on some-
thing the company steadfastly refuses to
discuss; giant C-5 military transports roar-
ing out of the Hollywood-Burbank airport
on late-night secret missions; unexplained
gaps in the financial reports of defense
contractors, and the recent disappearance
of an entire Pentagon agency from the fed-
eral budget for research and develop-
tagon documents frequently refer to the
FPS-117 radar, which is part of the U.S. -
Canadian air defense system, as "Seek Ig-
l00."
Pentagon's Position
in an are when weapons technolory is
developing at breakneck speed, larger
numbers of programs must be kept from
the public eye, says Britt Snider, the De-
fense Department's director for counterin-
telligence and security policy. Black pro-
grams are needed because "even acknow)-
edging the existence of a program in some
circumstances can provide an adversary
with an indication of the direction of U.S.
efforts" and allow the enemy to create a
countermeasure, he says.
What's happening is a sudden and enor-
mous rise in military secrecy, particularly
of so-called black programs, ones so sensi-
tive that their very existence is known to
only a handful of top government and cor-
porate officials.
The government, of course, won't ac-
knowledge how
much it is spending on
black programs. But those who study the
difference between the government's total
$302 billion defense-spending plan and the
programs broken out in the complex tangle
of budget proposals estimate that between
$10 billion and $30 billion is being hidden.
The Center for Defense Information, an in-
dependent research group often critical of
administration policies, calculates that the
black budget has shot up at least 50% for
fiscal 1986, which begins next Tuesday.
Why Total Rises
The size apparently has ballooned lately
because of a few huge programs nearing
the production stage: especially "Stealth"
fighters and bombers-aircraft whose nick-
name derives from their ability to evade
radar. But black programs cover an array
of hardware and programs, from spy satel
Iltes and futuristic electronic weaponry to
he plans for protecting the president in
case of WaL.
Even most of the nation's elected repre-
sentatives must be excluded, defenders of
black programs say.
"Congress is a leaky
place. You can't trust them," says Richard
DeLauer, former undersecretary of de-
fense for research and engineering.
Some lawmakers aren't impressed by
such arguments. "I recognize some things
have to be secret. But (the Pentagon is)
putting up a serious barrier that's not in
says,
soviet satellites are nanging over
head all the time-you can see them at
night in the desert sky"-presumably
watching the planes fly through simulated
Russian radar defenses.
The amounts being spent on secret pro-
grams, though hidden in the Pentagon
budget and in financial reports by contrac-
tors, may also be discernable. Benjamin
Schemmer, the editor of Armed Forces
Journal, a monthly magazine published in-
dependently of the military, says that the
size of the holes in military arms requests
is so apparent that "the Russians can fig-
it out with third-grade mathemat-
Another worry is that classification
may simply be a way to protect the mill-
tary and contractors from criticism about
high costs and abuses. In black programs
the military normally picks contractors
privately, short-cutting the system of seek-
ing low bids from various competitors,
says Melvin Laird, a Nixon administration
defense secretary, who believes secrecy
has expanded far more than necessary.
"You've got to be careful that you're not
using the black route to avoid competitive
bidding." Mr. Laird says.
Some in the defense industry, however,
claim black programs actually tend to be
better buys for taxpayers.
"There's much
less red tape and much more flexibility" in
black programs, says Willis Hawkins, a
Lockheed senior adviser who recently re-
tired as senior vice president for aircraft.
He says Lockheed's "Skunk Works" opera-
tion in Burbank, where much of the com-
pany's secret work is done, "had a history
of turning money back to the customer.
over and over again," and generally did
similar work at costs 25% below Lock-
heed's other programs." -
The claim can't be substantiated, Mr.
Hawkins concedes, because of the secrecy
of the programs involved. And one official
of a Lockheed competitor has some
doubts: "If a coffee pot costs $10,000 on a
white aircraft, can you imagine what a
contractor charges on a black one?" he
the public interest," says Democratic Sen.
Paul Simon of Illinois.
In what could be a major challenge to
the administration's secrecy effort, Rep.
Mike Synar of Oklahoma has sponsored an
amendment to the defense authorization
bill that would require a report to Congress
by next February on the total cost of
Stealth bomber development. The Demo
crat's bill would prohibit procurement
funds until Congress receives the report.
Debatable Results
It is debatable whether the secrecy
really keeps all that much information
from the Russians. Bill Sweetman, a San
Francisco journalist writing a book on
Stealth technology, describes Lockheed.
built Stealth fighters' being sequestered in
Individual, spy-proof hangars on a corner
of Nevada's Nellis Air Force Base. But, he
Whatever the costs, however, history il-
lustrates that politics, and sometimes eco-
nomics, can play as much a role as na-
tional security in determining when a pro-
gram leaves or enters the light.
In the 1960s, for example, President
Johnson made Lockheed's top-secret SR-71
spy plane public because "he decided he
wanted credit for it," Mr. Hawkins says.
another Lockheed-built spy
plane, got an embarrassing public debut in
1960 after the Russians shot one down over
their territory.)
President Reagan's current Strategic
Defense Initiative opened up many for-
merly black programs-at least temporar-
ily-as a part of his drive to gain public
and scientific support for developing the
so-called Star Wars technology.
Continued

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 4363, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Declassified in Part - Sanitized Copy Approved for Release 2012/02/08 : CIA-RDP90-00965R000402650009-9
..
Initially, the company felt it couldn't
comment. But when stock trading was
halted, the company made an urgent ap-
peal to the military for some kind of an-
nouncement, says one person who was
close to the matter. Air Force officials re-
sisted. But finally the Air Force and Nor
throp made a terse announcement saying
that Northrop was indeed the prime con-
tractor for research on an advanced-tech-
nology bomber and that the program
would have "material significance" for the
company. After that, the company's stock
resumed trading.
Officials involved in that decision insist
they didn't compromise security for the
sake of securities. "The main thing was to
protect the developmental design of the
aircraft. The contractor part of it wasn't
necessarily as sensitive," says Gen. Rich-
ard Abel, at the time the Air Force's chief
of public information.
Boon for Northrop
•
about its reported Stealth efforts, including
the widely published speculation that it is
building Stealth fighters in Burbank and
transporting them out at night in C-5s.
Gen. Abel suggests that the Air Force
disclosed only the Stealth bomber contrac-
tors because that program "had received
so much visability" in 1980. But another
factor keeping the fighter hushed may be
that the much larger Lockheed-with sales
last year more than twice Northrop's $3.69
billion-is simply better able to conceal se-
cret programs in its financial reports.
An inability to mask secret programs
apparently changed one company's future.
Little San Diego-based Global Analytics
flled in 1983 for an initial public stock of-
fering, describing itself as a specialist in
Stealth technology for new and modified
weapons systems. But the offering was
withdrawn suddenly; a source close to the
Particularly Instructive is the history of
the nation's Stealth bomber program.
Research into reducing the "signature"
of an aircraft -the various images that are
picked up by radar and other defenses-
first slipped into blackness in the early
1970s. That was when well-publicized in-
dustry theories began to jell into a plan for
building a jet that was "invisible" to the
enemy. Only tidbits of information leaked
out. Several sources, for example, reported
at least one crash in Nevada of an early
design by Lockheed (nicknamed Harvey,
after the invisible rabbit of fiction). A local
newspaper even identified a Lockheed pilot
who had gone into a hospital with post-
crash injuries, although reporters trying to
follow up found the crash report classi-
fied.
Secrecy was tightened even more by
the Carter administration in 19T7. In 1978,
a Pentagon official asked Mr. Schemmer,
the Armed Forces Journal editor, to kill a
major article on the emerging Stealth tech-
nology. He obliged, belleving
the
story
might do "immense, grave damage" to the
nation's security.
Two years later, the editor was amazed
when the same Pentagon official, William
J. Perry, volunteered an on-the-record in-
terview about Stealth. Shortly thereafter,
in October 1980, the defense secretary,
Harold Brown, held a press conference an-
nouncing that work was under way on an
aircraft designed to be undetectable to ra-
dar.
Carter officials said the release was
prompted by leaks in the news media
about Stealth. They noted that they gave
out only scant data about technology and
the potential for a bomber.
Other Possible Motives
However, critics suggest the announce-
ment was more timed to help President
Carter's reelection bid that year and to
justify the controversial decision to cancel
the B-1 bomber. Mr. Schemmer, a firm be-
lever in the need for black programs, says
the government's release of the Stealth in-
formation was premature and "compro-
mised security far more" than his original
story would have.
The Reagan administration hasn't been
immune to outside pressure on Stealth
bomber secrecy.
In 1981, Aviation Week, a major trade
publication, identifled Northrop Corp. as
the program's prime contractor and placed
the overall value of the bomber work at
$21.9 billion. Over the next several days,
Northrop stock surged 15% and was heav-
ily traded. The New York Stock Exchange
halted trading until Northrop could make
an announcement about the reasons for the
activity.
Lockheed, on the other hand, can't talk
