{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:42:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3920811, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114875-the-dark-secret-of-the-black-budget-the-washington-monthly-may-1987.pdf", "source_sha256": "ebcbc2cc294ca0d311788dfc527515afde9233b54353200d198d890bf4d8fd74"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3387, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by Tim Weiner
THE DARK SECRET
OF THE BLACK BUDGET
By making $35 billion in defense programs invisible,
the Pentagon is hurting national security.
R
ep. Larry Hopkins walks alone to a lead-
lined chamber in the Capitol they call "the
vault." There, a uniformed officer briefs
Hopkins about an expensive defense program.
He's not allowed to take notes. When briefing
papers are shown to him, he can't have copies.
When he leaves he's allowed to
anyone about what he's heard.
walk to hardly
For about $35 billion worth of defense pro-
grams, this is what is known as "congressional
oversight." "You just sit there and get the hose
treatment for several hours," Hopkins says.
There have always been programs and weapons
that were so top secret that public hearings were
deemed inappropriate. But the Reagan ad-
ministration has tripled spending for "black
budget" programs that receive no public scrutiny,
at all. Spending on secret weapons has jumped
nearly tenfold and spending on intelligence ac-
tivities has doubled. The black budget is now
more than federal spending on education,
transportation, or the environment and roughly
equal to all federal spending on health care. In
fact, it is the fastest-growing major sector of the
federal budget.
Obviously some of those programs should not
be debated on C-SPAN or analyzed in The
Washington Post. But today, more than a dime
of every defense dollar is concealed. If the few
black budget projects we do know about are any.
indication, it has become a hiding place not just
for weapons and operations that should be secret
but for those that are poorly managed or
conceived.
Tim Weiner is a reporter for the Philadelphia Inquirer, which
published his three-part series on the black budget in
February.
THE WASHINGTON MONTHLY/MAY 1987
As Thomas Amlie, a civilian who works for
the Air Force as a financial watchdog and who
has high security clearance, put it, the military
has three reasons for having black projects: "One,
you're doing something that should genuinely be
secret. There's only a couple of those. Two, you're
doing something so damn stupid you don't want
anybody to know about it. And three, you want
to rip the money bag open and get out a shovel,
because there is no accountability whatsoever"
Kamikaze dolphins
Putting a program in the black budget doesn't
just mean Congress can't check up on it, but that
its very existence won't be acknowledged, and
that its price tag generally won't be revealed
Black programs are usually classified as "sensitive
compartmented information." There are more
than 10,000 compartments, each wịth a specific
codeword; someone who has the codeword for
just one compartment cannot have access to in-
formation about a black program in another
compartment. About 50 members of Congress
know bits and pieces about particular programs.
But oniy a handful of members and congres-
sional staff-too few to enable serious congres-
sional oversight-have broad access to informa-
tion about the whole black budget.
Black programs include the Navy's advanced
tactical fighter; the Stealth bomber, the most ex-
pensive military project in American history; and
Milstar satellites, the new global switchboard for
nuclear war, designed to relay the launch orders
for nuclear weapons from 70,000 miles in space.
These three programs together may wind up
costing somewhere in the neighborhood of $100
31

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 755, "chars": 4900, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
billion. Black programs also include 155 mm
nuclear shells, a host of covert special operations
units, the neutron bomb, the advanced cruise
missile, and gadgetry to make submarines quieter.
More than two-thirds of the money is hidden
in the Pentagon's research, development, and pro-
curement budgets-which include operating
funds for intelligence. At least half the Pentagon's
black budget funds the CIA, the global listening
posts of the National Security Agency, and the
super-secret satellites of the National Recon-
naissance Office. The rest of the money is
distributed among Defense department opera-
tions, maintenance and personnel budgets,
NASA, and other agencies. All these-and only
God and Weinberger know what else-are shield-
ed by the cloak of secrecy once reserved solely
for the intelligence agencies.
Do these programs and weapons work? Are
they on schedule? Will they be ruinously expen-
sive? Will they be destabilizing? To the public,
and to the great majority of Congress, comes the
Pentagon's reply: None of your business.
Caspar Weinberger says they are being kept
secret because exposing them to outside scrutiny
would truly endanger national security. What
evidence we have, however, does not inspire con-
fidence in Weinberger's assertion.
For example, the black budget includes the
navy's Marine Mammal Project, a program to
train dolphins as underwater kamikazes. It also
includes the Pentagon's $40 billion plan to
prepare for World War IV. Four? Four. Since the
Reagan administration came into office the
strategy has been to fight a six-month long
nuclear exchange and still have enough left over
to fight the next round. Since there may be a
shortage of people to run such a conflict, the
strategy calls for computers to manage it, or-
chestrating space satellites and nuclear weapons
over a global battlefield. Part of the program is
the Defense. Communications Agency's Island
Sun, a project to create mobile ground terminals
in the form of lead-lined trucks, enabling generals
to dodge Soviet nuclear attacks as they speed
down the nation's interstate highways. Also
classified are related funds for the robots that
could gallop like horses and walk like men and
A
would carry out computerized orders as they
"roamed the radioactive battlefront.
The Air Force has the highest percentage of
secret spending of any of the armed services.
More than one-third of the air force budget for
research, development, and procurement-about
$17 billion—is hidden. In the 1988 budget re-
quest, nearly a third of the $2.3 billion fot buy-
ing tactical missiles is classified. More than 40
percent of the $8.4 billion for air force research
and development of strategic nuclear programs.
is secret, as is nearly every penny of the $2.3
billion for research and development of air force
intelligence and communications projects. There
are also huge entries in the air force procurement
budget such as Selected Activities-$4.7
billion-and Special Programs—$2.3 billion.
Throughout American history there have been
top secret projects that, over time, became public.
The black budget has reversed that process. Take
the case of Milstar, the global communications
switchboard for commanding and controlling
strategic forces in a nuclear war. It will consist
of thousands of computer terminals on earth and
a constellation of satellites operating in deep
space. Congress authorized $827 million for
Milstar in fiscal 1987. How do we know that?
Because last year it wasn't a secret.
This year, the Pentagon made the Milstar •
satellites disappear from the unclassified budget.
Although everybody in the defense community
knows the purpose of the Milstar satellites, they
have gone black.
There are only two possible reasons for this.
Either the Air Force has decided to piggyback top
secret intelligence sensors on the Milstar satellites
withstand public debate. Milstar has the highest
national priority, a so-called "brickbat"
classification, so perhaps money is no object. But
a financial officer at à major Milstar subcontrac-
tor said in an interview that the project is far
behind schedule and over budget. A systems
engineer at Lockheed Missile and Space Co., the
prime Milstar contractor, concurred. "In a black
project, people don't worry about money," he
said. "If you need money, you got it. If you screw
up and you need more, you got it. You're just
nyone interested in the Stealth bomber
can buy a book on it in the Pentagon bookstore or
purchase a model in any toy store.
Yet it's still in the black budget.
32
THE WASHINGTON MONTHLY/MAY 1987
pouri
right.
first t
No.
Wh
in keel
they b
concei
knowi
buy a
purchi
in the
produ
stasher
"Othe
$3.1 b
bomb:
conser
few m
year, l
millio:
come i
If tha
bombe
equal
York,
techno
and m
for air
missile
at a tot
Becaus
techno
its prai
the Ste
its hel
outstri
radar 1
heaven
House
tagon ‹
The
securit
The St
tip of
project
THE WA

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 690, "chars": 4440, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in a black project, people don't worry about money,"
got it. If you screw un and need need mu go, it"
pouring money into the thing until you get it
right. The incentive isn't there to do it right the
first ting. Who's going to question it?"
No heads
Whatever national security advantage there is
in keeping some of the projects quiet erodes when
they become so large that they are impossible to
conceal. The Stealth bomber is the most well-
known top secret project. Anyone interested can
buy a book on it in the Pentagon bookstore or
purchase a model in any toy store. Yet it's still
in the black budget. Now in the early stages of
production, some of its procurement funds are
stashed in an air force line item innocuously titled
"Other Production Charges." The line item is
$3.1 billion. The Air Force wants 132 Stealth
bombers delivered by the early 1990s. The most
conservative cost estimate to date, released to a
few members of Congress by the Pentagon last
year, places the aircraft's cost at about $330
million. Other military analysts say Stealth will
come in at about $450 million apiece-or more.
If that last estimate is accurate, the Stealth
bombers' total cost will be $60 billion-a sum
equal to the combined annual budgets of New
York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Stealth
technology, which is designed to enable aircraft
and missiles to elude enemy radar, is being used
for air force fighters and bombers, nuclear cruise
missiles, pilotless drones, and navy attack planes
at a total cost somewhere in excess of $100 billion.
Because of the black budget status of the Stealth
technology, Pentagon officials can neither sing
its praises nor openly deny published reports that
the Stealth bomber already is outdated because
its heralded radar-evading ability has been
outstripped by advances in over-the-horizon
radar technology. Last summer, eyeballs rolled
heavenward during an open hearing before the
House Energy and Commerce Committee as Pen-
tagon officials denied that Stealth aircraft exist.
The hearings were the result of a series of
security lapses and frauds on Stealth projects.
The Stealth-related criminal cases are only "the
tip of the iceberg" of illegal conduct on black
projects, said Robert C. Bonner, the U.S. attorney
THE WASHINGTON MONTHLY/MAY 1987
in Los Angeles, a hub of secret military contract-
ing. One engineer hired by Northrop Corp., the
lead contractor on the Stealth bomber, was a
Florida chain-gang alumnus named William
Reinke. He was convicted of defrauding Northrop
of more than $600,000 by channeling Stealth sub-
contracts to a company he secretly owned.
Of course, fraud and cost overruns are not
limited to black budget items. But shrouding
them in secrecy compounds the Pentagon's usual
problems. In one case, a Northrop purchasing
agent, Ronald Brousseau, was convicted of rig-
ging contracts on Stealth in exchange for
kickbacks from subcontractors. He told a govern-
ment informant wearing a concealed tape
recorder how easy it was: "We don't have any
heads [of the projects], we don't have any super-
visory people.... Nobody questions dollars or
anything like that. As long as I can show
competition-whether it's true competition or
courtesy competition or bullshit competition, you
Because information is so compartmentalized,
there is virtually no supervision, critics claim.
Fewer supervisors, fewer auditors, and fewer peo-
ple looking over fewer shoulders cannot help but
lead to runaway waste.
. "The Pentagon keeps
these programs of almost unbelievable size secret
from Congress, from the General Accounting Of-
fice, from its own auditing agencies," says John
Dingell, chairman of the House Energy and
Commerce Committee. "And everytime they have
kept secrets from us, the facts, when they come
out, have been surrounded by a bodyguard of:
lies." Unfortunately, Stealth will go straight into,
production without operational test flights, a
black-budget induced practice that is certain to
make matters worse.
Given the history of Stealth and Milstar, if
shouldn't be surprising that many of those out-.
side the Pentagon who have been the most
throughly briefed on black budget programs say
they could easily stand the light of public scrutiny.
House Armed Services staff director Anthony
Battista, who has had more access to black
budget documents than most civilians, said
the Pentagon has placed some programs in the
black budget. "not because of national securi-
33

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 694, "chars": 4454, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE
WASHINGTON
MONTHLY
Journalism
Award
for February 1987 is presented to
Seymour M. Hersh
The New York Times Magazine
In "Target Oaddafi," Seymour Hersh tears
open the history of the Reagan administration's
obsession with eliminating the Libyan leader.
Hersh reveals the various CIA plots to help
overthrow Oaddafi and how the stage was set,
with what was probably fabricated evidence of
Libyan terrorism, for the Air Force bombing
attack that killed more than 100 civilians but not
its true target, Qaddafi. That attempted
assassination, Hersh shows, was secretly planned
- by a small group within the NSC, including John
Poindexter and Oliver North.
The Monthly Journalism Award is presented
each month to the best newspaper, magazine,
television, or radio story (or series of stories) on.
our political system. Nominations for any
newspaper, magazine, or radio or television
station in the country are welcome The subject
can be government in its federal, state, or
municipal manifestation.
The award for stories published or aired in
April will be announced in the July/August issue.
Nominations will close May 15. Nominations
should be accompanied by two copies of the
story or stories.
ty but to circumvent congressional review pro-
cedures." In some instances, he said, programs
have "gone black" to conceal from Congress the
fact that the Pentagon awarded lucrative con-
tracts to losing competitors. In 1985, he said, the
Pentagon gave the contract for a secret system
to jam radar to the less-qualified contractor.
"There are very few instances where revealing the
cost of a program would adversely affect national
security," Battista said flatly.
The senior members of the House Armed Ser-
vices Committee, Chairman Les Aspin and
Republican William L. Dickinson, have said that
70 percent of the military's black budget could
be declassified at no risk to national security.
Senator William Cohen, a well-briefed member
of the intelligence committee, agrees many of
them could be declassified. "The fact is that it's
difficult to provide adequate oversight of black
programs-which is one reason some of them are
black."
Richard Garwin, a longtime defense consultant
and presidential adviser who helped develop the
hydrogen bomb, concurs: "I know quite a lot of
black programs, and many of them are well-
managed. But the proliferation of these programs,
is very bad. It is primarily to avert criticism and
evaluation. It is part of a general trend of this
administration to block information on its pro-
grams, whether they be classified or unclassified.
And that is profoundly anti-democratic"
Rolls-Royce and hot air
. Too much secrecy, of course, can cause prob-
lems not just with weapons but with covert opera-
tions as well, as the National Security Council
has vividly shown. The growth of the Pentagon's
black budget has also provided a haven for more
such operations. Today, spending for covert
operations and secret Pentagon units around the
world totals at least $2 billion, more than at any
, time since the height of the Vietriam war, accord-
ing to congressional sources and military analysts.
The money is shared by the CIA and a host of
secret forces skilled in espionage, sabotage,
psychological warfare, and the use of tactical
nuclear weapons—small land mines called
"backpack nukes." Most covert missions fund-
ed through the Pentagon are handled by the
Special Operations Forces, whose members in-
clude army Green Berets and Rangers, navy
SEAL commandos and an air force wing.
The pitfalls of black-budget units can be seen
in the Intelligence Support Activity (ISA), a
special branch supported by Pentagon black-
THE WASHINGTON MONTHLY/MAY 1987
budget specia
or may still
covert-action
ficers, which r
1979 Iranian I
Eagle Claw. T
unified, clan
military actio
"The Activ
ported the cor
in Europe, Af
dle East, acc
reportedly exc
from a countr
no diplomati
Sound fami
men, accordir
Col. Oliver N
ty on attempt!
the senior Am
six weeks by
In March 1!
A retired Spec
James "Bo" (
subcommitter
tivity on pla
Americans m
a field unit :
across into Li
ing means, th
to be
This was m
argue with thi
pull off rescu
one problem:
of "the Acti
tagon investig
was out of c
leadership or
example, that
a Rolls-Royce
Drug Enforc
Officers as
were quietly r
analysts. One
left the Pent
private arms
consultant to
the Pentagon
Special Oper
group of reti
vide "disintel
tions. While S
worked secret
No one se
of the Activit
THE WASHINGT

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 796, "chars": 5044, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
budget special operations funds. The ISA was—
or may still be for all we know—a Pentagon
covert-action unit comprised of about 250 of-
ficers, which rose from the ashes of the disastrous
1979 Iranian hostage rescue mission, Operation
Eagle Claw. The Pentagon wanted a permanent,
unified, clandestine group to conduct para-
military actions and gather intelligence.
"The Activity," as its members called it, sup-
ported the contras and worked on covert actions
in Europe, Africa, Southeast Asia, and the Mid-
dle East, according to intelligence analysts, It
reportedly exchanged munitions for information
from a country with which the United States has
no diplomatic relations.
Sound familiar? There's more. One of its point
men, according to congressional sources, was Lt.
Col. Oliver North, who worked with the Activi-
ty on attempts to free Brig. Gen. James L. Dozier,
the senior American NATO officer kidnapped for
six weeks by Red Brigade terrorists in Italy.
In March 1983, the Activity's cover was blown.
A retired Special Forces lieutenant colonel named
James "Bo" Gritz told a House Foreign Affairs
subcommittee that he had worked with the Ac-
tivity on plans for a secret mission to find
Americans missing in Laos. "The Activity was
a field unit and would have put an American
across into Laos to verify, using various record-
ing means, the presence of Americans thought
specified locations," Gritz testified
This was marvelous derring-do, and few would
argue with the need for a military unit that could
pull off rescue missions like this. But there was
one problem: Nobody in Congress had ever heard
of "the Activity." A subsequent internal Pen-
tagon investigation determined that the Activity
was out of control, running without effective
leadership or oversight. Investigators found, for
example, that officers in the Activity had bought
a Rolls-Royce and a hot air balloon from federal
Drug Enforcement Administration agents.
Officers associated with the Activity retired or
were quietly reassigned, according to intelligence
analysts. One of them was Richard Secord, who
left the Pentagon in May 1983 to become a
private arms dealer as well as a $1,260-a-wêek
consultant to the Pentagon. In the fall of 1983,
the Pentagon hired him as a member of the
Special Operations Policy Advisory Group, a
group of retired generals who were asked to pro-
vide "disinterested, expert advice" on covert ac-
tions. While Secord advised the Pentagon, he also
worked secretly with North in the Iran arms deal.
No one seems to know exactly what became
of the Activity. Did it cease to exist after its cover
THE WASHINGTON MONTHLY/MAY 1987
was blown? Was it renamed and reshuffled? Were
its members swallowed up by the revitalized
Special Operations Forces? Pentagon officials
deny "the Activity" existed in the first place, so
they cannot confirm or deny its continued
existence.
A tree grows in the Pentagon
The black budget should not pit those ad-
vocating government openness against those ad:
vocating national security. Secrecy invariably in-
creases the chances of waste or
Sometimes the need to keep information tightly
controlled forces us to take that risk. But when
the project is already well known (as with Stealth
and Milstar, or when complete secrecy is not
needed, the Pentagon should move toward
disclosure-in the interest of national security.
In addition to endangering American security
with shoddy workmanship or ill-planned mis-
sions, the black budget makes it nearly impossible
to allocate limited defense resources. In recent
months members of Congress have submitted
legislation and argued privately to force the Pen-
tagon to divulge more information about the
black budget. But there remains a real danger
that huge black projects will crowd out funds for
the mundane items like boots, bullets and train-
ing. And if Congress ever does turn the budget
knife on the Pentagon, how can it cut wisely what
it can't see?
"What we see in three to four years is a train
wreck coming," said Gordon Adams of the
Defense Budget Project in Washington. The crash
he envisions: tens of billions of dollars in black
weapons projects rushing headlong in one direc-
tion, while tens of billions in budget cuts are com-
ing the other way. "The consequences of that
train wreck for national security are enormous,"
Adams said. "What piece of flesh do we cut? Do
we mothball part of the Navy? Cut personnel?
We will have to make those choices, and all for
a black budget we know nothing about."
The likelihood of that crash is growing. Under
the Reagan administration black budget research
and development costs have jumped from $626
million in 1981 to $9.12 billion in this year's re-
quest. That's a number to watch. Secret Pentagon
R & D has grown faster than any other sector of
Pentagon spending. This foreshadows huge in-
creases in the black budget for the 1990s, since,
after all, research and development is the acorn
from which the defense oak grows. Without con-
gressional action the problem is destined to get
much worse.
