{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:40:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3466556, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114832-how-the-pentagon-hides-its-secret-spending-rolling-stone-september-6-1990.pdf", "source_sha256": "d39509a97a0dc76ff10757753b8205cf9624d45727601a21aa926f372563f6af"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 728, "chars": 4551, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NATIONAZ
AFFAIRS
HOW THE PENTAGON HIDES
ITS SECRET SPENDING
INDIRATE (4D
IM SEIN
SHING
TON
T
HE WAR THAT BEGAN WHEN
World War II ended is
over. But the dinosaurs of
the cold war still live among
us. And the greatest of
them remains hidden within
the walls of the Pentagon.
The Pentagon has a secret stash -
they call it the black budget - that costs
us $100 million a day. This money is still
being spent on the weapons to fight the
cold war, and the Third World War, and
World War IV.
The black budget funds every pro-
gram the president of the United States,
the secretary of defense and the director
of central intelligence want to keep hid-
den from public view. This money is
erased from the public ledger. The se-
cret weapons, secret wars and secret
policies it pays for are shielded from
public debate. In the past three years,
$100 billion has disappeared into the
Pentagon's classified cache.
The money to run America's eleven
intelligence agencies - including the CIA
and the far larger National Security
Agency (NSA), which caps world tele-
communications, and National Recon-
naissance Office (NRO), which operates spy satellites -
has always been hidden in the Pentagon's budget. Bur
something new transformed the black budget as the
Eighties began and Ronald Reagan came to power. A
White House obsessed with secrecy began to conceal
the costs of many of its most expensive weapons, en-
shrouding them in the deep cover once reserved for espi-
onage. The black budget soon exploded. By 1990 it
quadrupled in size, reaching roughly $36 billion a year.
The Pentagon keeps this money hidden by keeping
two sets of books: one for the general public, one for the
generals. Hundreds of black programs are concealed in
the public budget it submits to Corgress, camouflaged
under false names, their costs deleted, their goals dis-
B
T
guised. Code words and blank spaces stand where facts
and figures should be. The Pentagon simply stamps a se-
cret code on the price of a bomber, a missile or a spy
satellite, and open debate ceases. In addition, che Penta-.
gon pads seemingly unclassified programs with billions
intended for black projects. In short, the Pentagon's
budget is a false document, an elaborate cover story.
Behind this shield of secrecy, we are wasting fortunes
perfecting plans for nuclear war, building nuclear bomb-
ers that cannor be used, launching spy satellites that fall
from the sky, conducting self-destructive covert opera-
tions against enemies both real and imagined, running
guns and missiles to warring tribes ten thousand miles
from home.
W
E
AN CRONIN
Some of the programs that have been
funded by the black budget might make
sense if the government explained them
Others might not. You might question
the wisdom of a $22 billion satellite sys.
rem designed to help win a nuclear war.
This program - which has been partial-
ly declassified, so I can write about it
and you can read about it without
breaking the laws of national security -
is the Military Strategic and Tactical
Relay system: MILSTAR.
MILSTAR IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE MILI-
tary's global switchboard for World War
HI. It is to endure that war and stand
ready, long after the White House and
the Pentagon have been reduced to rub-
ble, to help fight World War IV. Strange
as it may sound, that remains the nation's
strategy: to fight and win a six-monch nu-
clear war, and to be ready to strike and
• win again when the next war erupts. And
MILSTAR is to be the central nervous
system for those wars, a space-based
brain to control the immense brawn of
the American nuclear arsenal.
In the Pentagon's vision of nuclear
victory, shaped by dozens of technologies
funded by the black budget, computers
run a war no human mind could contro
Robor soldiers stall radioactive battlegrounds. Generals
speed down interstates in lead-lined tractor-trailers, or-
dering warheads fired from faraway silos. To realize this
vision, billions of black dollars a year have been spent on
microcircuitry, silicon chips, exofic composite carbons
satellites, missiles and bombers - all immensely costly,
technologically exquisite and utterly useless unless the
air-raid sirens start howling.
The success of this vision depends on MILSTAR
Imagine it as a military radio and television network
whose satellites, broadcast towers, antennas, receivers
and state-of-the-art control rooms will be placed strate
gically in space, around the earth and under the seas. It is
far more elaborate than the patchwork that brought Liv
I
N
E
ROLLING STONE, SEPTEMBEI
R 6TH, 1990 • 39

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1626, "chars": 10169, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
broadcasts of the Ołympics to milbions of people in 1988.
This network would bring us a far bigger spectacle.
Throughour the Nineries, as many as nine MIL"
STAR satellites, each costing about $l billion, are
scheduled to be launched Once safety in orbit,
miles from earth, they will be electronically linked with
one anocher, with intelligence satellites and sensors in
space and with computer terminals on earth. The Penta-
gon wants to build more chan 3000 of these MILSTAR
cermunals, each at a cost of at least $l million. The presi-
ident's doomsday airplane, the flying Oval Office that
would carry him away from Washington in a crisis, will
have one. So will his black stretch limo. So will each of
the fifty or so subterranean bunkers across the country
where he and his rop advisors can hunker down when
MILSTAR is supposed to connect the president and
his generals to the soldiers
with their fingers on the nu-
sions, weapons controi, wartime communications and
bartlefield intelligence - into a web that will withstand an
attack by thousands of Soviet nuclear warheads. MIl
STAR is supposed to be that seamless system of com-
mand and control
It is noe. Thar system has not been built and never
will be. The reason has lide to do with a lack of funds,
or a lack of will to build it The money is being spent;
the strategy is already set. The system has not been built
because no one has the slightest idea how to do it. The
challenge has confounded the best and brightest minds in
the military for more than thirty years.
underground, hidden under-
MILSTAR EXISTS BECAUSE THE NUCLEAR STRATEGISTS
who came to power with President Reagan truly believed
che United States could win the Big One. "The United
States may have no practical alternative to waging a nu-
clear war," wrote Colin Gray,
an influential member of Rea-
mustered the will to fight, vic-
tory was ours, Gray declared.
will hurtle down the inter-
eral with the authority to give
che go codes to nuclear-mis-
Lead-
lined tractor-trailers.-.
each a tiny Penta-
gon - will hurtle down
interstates, but where
will they change a flat
during a nuclear war?
cers inside the ordinary-look-
ing tractor-trailers. Each will have a MILSTAR termi-
nal, arrayed with a transmitter, receiver and antenna
contained in a satellite dish the size of a trash-can lid
The Pentagon has made a multibillion-dollar investment
in black programs to create mobile command posts such
as these, the idea being that a moving target is harder for
the Soviets to hit. Much remains classified about the
tractor-trailers, an $85-million-a-year black program
code-named Island Sun - such as where the trucks plan
to refuel or change a flat in a nuclear war. But the
mission of these tiny Pentagons is clear: to coordinate
Thousands of soldiers and civilians huddled under-
ground, headed down the highways, our at sea and in the
air will need lines to MILSTAR, to serve as human ad-
juncts to the computer software of the global war-fight-
ing system. As the war explodes, the satellites must help
the software coordinate the hardware of the nation's
23,000 nuclear warheads. Through it all, as the enemy's
warheads destroy great cities and isolated military our-
posts, MILSTAR is to keep the channels of nuclear
command flowing, Its satellites are to elude Soviet artack
by maneuvering in space, outwitting efforts to jam its sig-
nals and piercing the ferocious electronic static of nucle-
ar war. Should political control collapse while the war
continues, with soldiers and seamen fighting to the last
warhead, MILSTAR is supposed to carry on regardless.
Its satellites are designed to stay in orbir, to keep trans-
mirting and relaying, without a human mind to direct
them, until the final missile screams across the sky.
That's the plan: to create a nerwork char will frce all
the elements of nuclear-war fighting - command deci-
TIM WEINER is a Washington correspondent for the 'Phila-
lelpina Inquer: His sork on the black budget son the Pulie-
Prize for national reportang in 1988. Tis article is adopted
from his book Blank Check: The Pentagon's Black Budger,
to be pubashed by Warmer Books in September.
Union and to do so at a cost
that would not prohibit U.S.
recovery," he wrote. His ball-
park estimate of the cost: 20
The band of true believers
drew up a secret decree for
1981. National Security De-
cision Directive 13 called for
the creation of a new com-
mand-and-control system for nuclear war, a system that
could do what their war-fighting rhetoric demanded. The
new doctrine said the United States had to be able to
fight the Soviets with nuclear weapons for up to six
months, force the Soviets to surrender and, at the end of
the war, still control a reserve of nuclear forces large
enough to enable us to fight again. It said that "the
United States must prevail" in a nuclear war against the
Soviets. The Reaganauts wanted to win.
To achieve that goal, the Pentagon needed MIL-
STAR It knew its crazy quilt of wartime communica-
tions systems would not work in a nuclear firestorm.
Tens of billions of black dollars and hundreds of chou-
sands of intellects had been fused into immensely compli-
cated systems for running a nuclear war - warning radars
and sensors and satellites, war rooms and command cen-
cers and supercomputers, the safety catch and the trigger
for tens of thousands of nuclear warheads. Bur all the
money and all the minds in America had never created a
system that could control our nuclear arsenal in a war.
What we had instead was "an enormously complex but
stupid organism," as Paul Bracken, a leading nuclear-war-
analyst, calls it. The system was a brontosaurus - a beast
with far more brawn than brains.
The Pentagon wanted a new system, one smart and
strong enough to endure the war it envisioned. "The
people on the right wanted a win-the-war policy," says
Bruce Blair, a former nuclear-missile trigger man who
conducted an unprecedented study of the Pentagon's nu-
clear-war plans a few years ago. "So money was si-
phoned off from ten good, solid, less ambitious programs
to pay for MILSTAR"
But some elemental problems cropped up. For exam-
ple, 120,000 people on some 50 American bases and 160
foreign posts have direct responsibility for carrying our
the nuclear-war plan. Tens of thousands of them must
communicate through MILSTAR at once in a nuclear
crisis. Can MILSTAR cope with life during wartime? It
40 • ROLLING STONE, SEPTEMBER 6тH, 1990
cems unlikely. Each MISTAR satellice can handle no
more than 15 connections at once. The 16ch caller wil
get a busy signal. If the Pentagon prudenty decides a
ceep two of the nine satellites on earth as spares, as i
probably will, that means MILSTAR could handle bare.
ly more than 100 urgent demands at a time
More importanty, things go wrong with complex sys-
tems. The more complex they are, the more can go
wrong If there is a lesson to be leared from Challenger
and Chernobyl, it is that. But the nuclear network under
MILSTAR would weaken the only reliable safety catch
on the trigger of nuclear weaponry: the human mind.
, The computerized nuclear-war technologies incorpo-
rated into MIL STAR turn the execution of war strategy
nto a preprogrammed drill. They take humans out o
he loop. "No human being can enter the real-time deci
sion-making loop and control the system," Jacob Gil-
stein, a former Pentagon weapons wizard, restified before
Congress. "It has to be preprogrammed with logi
so the computer can make the decision and run the
game" As MILSTAR cook shape, George Heilmeier, a
former director of the Pentagon's Defense Advanced
Research Projects Agency (DARPA), told Congress:
"Human limitations in formulating and communicat-
ing demands [are] a central difficulty" in executing
nuclear commands.
DARPA - the Pentagon's in-house venture-capital
firm - insists that the solution to the human problem is
obvious. The answer is thinking machines that cạn pull
rank over privates and generals alike in a nuclear war.
DARPA says it is writing computer programs to "relieve
military personnel in complex decision-making tasks
[chat are] dangerous or rapidly changing" The soft-
ware will give nuclear-weapons systems, such as the
black budget's Advanced Cruise Missile (ACM), "hu-
man-like capabilities to sense, reason, plan and navigate,"
another former DARPA director, Robert Cooper, has
told Congress. DARPA has been working for years to
build computerized robots for World War III: "hexa-
pods," with the agility and speed of a cank; "quadrupeds"
chat gallop and tror; and "walking vehicles" with hands
and fingers. The walking vehicle would be the perfect
soldier for nuclear war, an android that obeys orders
"bur does not generate discourse" - no back talk, no
balling as it fights to the finish in "an enhanced nuclear
environment" the Pentagon's police phrase for a lechally
radioactive bardefield.
The MILSTAR network is to date the highest ex-
pression of this kind of thinking. It was intended as a
rechnological solution to a seemingly impossible prob-
lem: How do you fight a nuclear war? But the question
remains: Can MILSTAR survive a nuclear war four or
"The idea of having it run safely ar 120 days strikes
me as insane," says Bracken, a Yale professor who has
studied these issues for nearly twenty years. "It is a waste
of money to spend money on protracted nuck ar war."
Ashton Carter, once a ranking Pentagon systems an-
alyst and now a professor of public policy at Harvard's
Kennedy School of Government, says MILSTAR is "a
very complicated system that's prone to failure."
"No command-and-control system can be expected
to do the job it's supposed to do," he says. "It's in the
nature of the beast - fighting a war we've never waged,
in circumstances we can't foresee, on a time line dictated
by technology and weapons, not human decisions.
The question is whether the system can survive for a day,
The Pentagon created MILSTAR in the hope of a
better Armageddon, a more efficient, more sophisticated
nuclear war. This vision is a delusion. We pursue it even
as the rationale for nuclear warfare disappears, as che en-
emy we would fight turns its back on the battlefield. The

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1567, "chars": 9840, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dea behund MILSTAR strikes some people well versed
in nuclear-war plans as unterly mad, the cost unsupport-
able. the secrecy undemocratic. Yet it remains difficult to
debare the idea openlv. It remains part of the closed
world of the black budget
•lieves the pressure of give-and-take. You don't have this
BRUCE BLAIR, THE FORMER NUCLEAR TRIGGER MAN, HAS
thought a lor abour the unthinkable. Now forty-two,
Blair served as a missile-launch-control officer - the man
in the hunker with his finger on the button - in the early
Seventies. He went on to join the Strategic Air Com-
mand (SAC), the air-force elite responsible for nuclear-
war, plans and actions. He served aboard SAC's Looking
Glass. an airhome command post that becomes a nucle-
ar-war nerve center if SAC's headquarters in Omaha,
Nebraska, are nuked. The experience sparked a chain of
thoughts. Blair has spent the past decade engrossed in
the nation's war plans and, in-
creasingl: in the secrecy that
"The black programs are a travesty of our political
system," says Blair.
"What it means is that nuclear-
weapons decisions, decisions that have always eluded
democratic controls, are now being delegated to a small,
inside group. And we can't delegate decisions on national
goals and objectives to a few insiders.... It leads to tre-
mendous distortion in the public debate and, potentially,
Just how grave remains to be seen. The rise of real
debate abour MILSTAR in recent months has matched
the fall of the black veil that surrounded it. The Penta-
gon wants more than $1 billion for MILSTAR in the
coming year. But the system makes no sense in a world
turning away from nuclear confrontation.
The declassification of MILSTAR's mission and cost
When he left the air force,
the Office of Technology As-
sessment. In the early Eighties
ar-war plans. Blair became
Pentagon's blueprint for nu-
clear war. For two years he
Common
sense suggests that the
federal government
should not be handing
out secret billion-
•dollar contracts to
corporate felons.
year; for the first time, there
is a real chance that Congress
will fall MILSTAR, saving at
States is stepping back from
the notion of winning a nucle-
when the first post-cold-war
Pentagon budget emerges
STAR's billions represent
only a small down payment on
bones of the nation's nuclear forces laid bare.
Blair's study terrified those who saw it He seems to
have concluded that the Pentagon's command-and-con-
trol procedures may actually increase the risk of a con-
ventional crisis escalating into nuclear war.
never know exacily what he learned. His work was
banned and burned. The Pentagon seized it, stamped it
with the highest security classification in the government
and destroyed all but a few copies. The clearance to read
Blair's report - now classified SINGLE INTEGRATED OP-
ERATIONAL PLAN EXTREMELY SENSITIVE INFORMATION -
was restricted to four people: the president, the secretary
and the deputy secretary of defense. and the chairman of
the Joint Chiets of Staff. Now, Congress commissioned
this work. But Congress can't see Blair's study. Blair
can't see Blair's study. And only three people at the Pen-
cagon are authorized to see Blair's study.
The burning of Blair's work was a case of classifica-
con gone wild. It has stifled informed discussion of a
central issue of military strategy: the control of nuclear
weaponry in crisis and in war. George Orwell wrote in
1984 that freedom is the ability to say chat two plus two
makes four. Blair put two and two together. The Penta-
gon forbade him to say four. Blair is forever prohibired
Tom discussing details of his censored work. But he can
discuss the meaning of MILSTAR and the political cli-
mate in which his study was suppressed.
"I MILSTAR is dedicated to prottacted nuclear-war
fighting, then all democran debate on the traditional ob:
jectves of defense has been muted - and that's wrong!
says Blaır. "By hiding the specific means to goals like
MILSTAR. you're hiding the goals themselves. That's
sabotaging our form of goverment."
Over the years the secrecy of nuclear weapons has
defied democratic decision making, "Part of the story of
black programs is this loss of faith in the democratic sys-
tem, the adversarial system, to produce consensus on
weapons programs," Blair says. "Taking things black re-
endure a nuclear war. No one knows if MILSTAR will
work, and no one will until a nuclear war erupts.
THE POLITICAL SYSTEM CAN OCCASIONALLY PROVIDE
partial answers to the questions abouć what secret weap-
ons cost and whether they work. This is the case with
another once-black, now partially declassified nuclear
weapon: the Advanced Cruise Missile.
The ACM is a slender, self-guided, wenty-foor-long
nuclear bullet enhanced by Stealth technology. It is the
first black weapon ever subjected to scrutiny by the Gen-
eral Accounting Office (GAO), which conducts audits
of federal programs for Congress. The auditors conclud-
ed that the ACM was a $7 billion debacle. The weapon
has flunked more than a thind of its tests so far. Les As-
pin, the Wisconsin Democrat who chairs che House
Armed Services Committee, calls it a "disaster."
The disasters in the black budget usually stay secret.
The likelihood of their coming to light is slim. Today
more than 100 multimillion- and multibillion-dollar black
weapons systems are being built. The secret weapons
take shape in windowless buildings surrounded by fences
copped with razor wire, behind doors with coded locks.
guarded by armed sentries and German shepherds.
The Pentagon - which unblinkingly buys bargains
such as $436 claw hammers and $9606 wrenches from
its favorite contractors - argues that these black pro
grams are berter managed, more efficient and less sus-
cepabi io fraud than unclassified programs
Nonsense, says Frank Conahan, who runs the GAO:
national-security division. "I don't see that they're any
better managed," he says. "We find the same problems
in the black world as exist in the other programs. The
only difference berween the swo is the degree to which
things are kept from public debate.
If the black and white worlds of military contracting
are run at similar levels of integrity, then cost overruns
and corporate crimes are occurring in secrèt. We are
42 • HotlINe STONE, SAPTeMBER 6rH, 1990
I told to take it on faith that military contractors working
under cover of the black budget would never abuse that
protection. Given the colorful légal and financial histories
of the biggest black contractors, this is a lot to ask
Consider their records: Lockheed, whose Missile and
Space division is building the MILSTAR satellites,
has a rap sheet that includes bribery of foreign offi
cials. Rockwell International was fined $5.5 million last
year for criminal fraud against the United States Air
Force. General Electric has twice been convicted of
committing criminal fraud against the Pentagon and
has been fined $1l million. Hughes Aircraft, a fre.
quent CIA contractor, and Boeing, the biggest sub-
contractor on the Stealth bomber, have both admitted
stealing top-secret Pentagon plans. Northrop,
builder of the Stealth, paid a $17 million fine in Febru-
ary for criminal fraud in its work on nuclear missiles
Common sense and federal regulations suggest that
the government should not be handing out secret bil-.
lion-dollar contracts to corporate felons. The Defense
-Department says it must: Our national security de-
THE EXPLOSION IN SECRET SPENDING UNDER REAGAN
and Bush has created an underground Pentagon, a sub-
terranean world kept separate from the legal system. The
secrecy has spread like an eclipse, obscuring more and
more of the Pentagon's spending. Today about one-
quarter of'èvery dollar the Pentagon spends on new
weapons is shielded by the black budget.
Members of Congress say the Pentagon uses secrecy
is a weapon to control political power over the defens
budget. "They control what the Congress gets and sees
says Congressman Denny Smith, an Oregon Republican,
veceran fighter pilor and self-sryted "cheap hawk," a cost-
conscious conservative on defense issues. "They don't
want to have us mucking around in their budger"
"There's a real question here," says Smich. Will the
military accept civilian leadership when it comes to
If that seems like a strange question to be asking in a
constitutional democracy, it damned well should
You have to account to the government for every
dollar on your taxes, but it will not account to you for a
dime of the black budget. This is not what the men who
wrote the Constitution had in mind. During the debates
over the. Consticution's language more than 200 years
ago, Patrick Henry of Virginia said a free people could
not "allow the national wealth... to be disposed of un-
der the veil of secrecy." His fellow Virginian George
Mason said the people had "a right to know the expendi-
tures, of their money." This elegant idea, the right to
know, was the source of democracy's power.
The black budget bears no relation to what we are
taught in school about how laws are made and funds ap-
propriated. The Constitution says the government must
print an accurate account of how it spends our taxes. Its
words are plain: "A regular Statement and Account of
he Receipts and Expenditures of all public Mone
hall be published." That language leaves no room fo
The black budget simply doesn't meet the Constitu-
tion's standard of accountability. It wasn't meant to
The black budget is a dreature of the cold war, and
the cold war revolutionized the way in which the Ameri-
can government spent its money to achieve its goals. It
created "a new culture" in this country, said the former
senator Mike Gravel, Derocrar of Alaska,
curity culture, protected from the influences of Ame
The war against the Soviets demanded new weapons
wielded by secret agents, shielded by secret budgets. The

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1201, "chars": 7233, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
culture of secrecy came into its own when Congress cre-
aced the CIA. The black budger was conceived to con-
ceal the CIA's secret wars. In short order, that shield be-
came a sword. The secret forces created to fight
communism abroad evolved into a power that challenged
constitutional government at home.
IN 1949, AS THE COLD WAR BEGAN, CONGRESS CREATED
the black budget by giving the CIA unlimited, unaudited,
unaccountable funds buried in the Pentagon's accounts.
That made the CIA, the president's secret army, im-
mune to outside control.
By 1975 ' the CIA's closet was so full of skeletons that
they came tumbling out in an avalanche: The Agency
had been spying on Americans, infiltrating church
groups and college organizations, penetrating the press
and manipulating the news, opening citizens' mail and
poring over their tax returns. It had fixed elections in
democratic nations, hired assassins to kill foreign leaders
and overthrown freely elected governments by force.
• Congress realized it had no idea what the CIA was
doing at home or abroad. It was forced to grapple with
the "unacknowledged contradiction between the old tra-
dition of intelligence and the Constitution," said William
Colby, CIA director from 1973 to 1975. Our secrét
armies, raised with secret funds, threatened our own
ideals. The struggle to solve this contradiction took
two.courses.
From 1975 to 1977, a presidential commission, a
Senate investigative committee and the new Senate intel-
ligence committee resolved, by turns, that Congress
should seek to unveil the black pudget, that secret spend-
ing was unconstitutional and that the United States
should reveal a single sum showing what it spent on intel-
ligence, to reflect
"the qualities that distinguish our de-
mocracy from all other nations." The strongest voice
against this call for glasnost in American government
came from the man who succeeded Colby as CIA direc-
tor: George Bush. By the time Reagan and Bush were
elected in 1980, che era of reform was fading, and secre-
cy's power prevailed. The black budget remained.
That year, after long struggle and hard compromise,
Congress created new guidelines for covert action and
new laws to enforce them. The White House agreed to
chese principles. The president could no longer order his
clandestine forces to topple goverments or run guns to
foreign lands without telling at least a few members of
Congress. He would be held accountable.
The presi-
dent could not use secrecy to avoid the law. Those
were the rules.
Reagan and his CIA director, Williarn Casey, broke
The president and his staff cut deals wich foreign
monarchs, dictators and terrorists for cash, weapons and
mercenaries to carry our their secret foreign policies.
The White House warriors stocked a secret arsenal of
apons to sell to Iran and ship to the contras. The o
-books cache of guns and money they created was d
quintessence of the black budget.
The military men who executed the president's poli-
cies, Oliver North and John Poindexter, stretched the
Law to its breaking point, and Reagan broke his constitu-
tional oath to take care that the laws be faithfully execur-
ed. The president's men argued in Congress and the
courts that secrecy and lying are indispensable tools of
foreign policy. They proved only that when government
works in secret, it strays all too often outside laws and
constitutional restraints.
And that leads to plans and policies that frighten even
hardened veterans of secret wars. Clair George, the
CIA's director pf covert operations under Reagan, once
testified to a kind of mania that grips men empowered
by secrecy. "If you were ever on any given day to
THE SOLID-GOLD BOMBER
HE STEALTH BOMBER - THE WONDER WEAPON
The Stealth is the most expensive airplane
The best guess nowadays is chat each one wil
• cost close to $900 million. At that price the
United States Air Force could have built the seventy-ton
Stealch our of solid gold, mounted it on a bed of platinum and
displayed it ar the Nacional Air and Space Museum.
The batwing nuclear bomber went through ten years of
clandestine research and development before it was unveiled
in November 1988. In the beginning, when only four mem-
bers of Congress were granted permission to know the bar-
est details of the Stealth, the air force was telling them it
could produce 132 of the bombers for roughly $30 billion.
The cost grew in secret over the years. The Pentagon
deemed public discussion of the Stealth an act of treason.
By the time the black-budget shroud was lifted, and the
Pentagon permitred debate on the Stealth's mission, on why
it was needed, on what it might cost, it was far too late. The
program could not be aborted.
Today that $30 billión is down the rubes, and the air
force has a single bomber to show for it. It wants to build
seventy-four more. It says it can bring them in for another
$35 billion or so.
According to the air force, the Stealch will appear to be
no bigger shan an insect on Soviet radar as it drops its nu-
clear bombs on Soviet mobile missiles and destroys the So-
viet leadership in its bunkers. An impressive rechnological
feat - except for a few inescapable facts. We don't want
to drop nuclear bombs on the Soviet Union. And if we did,
the Stealth would only make the rubble bounce. Its sole
mission is to mop up on the day after Armageddon. Slower
than the red-eye from Los Angeles, the bomber would hit
Red Square long after thousands of warheads launched
from our missile silos and submarines had reduced all Rus-
sia to a smoking, radiating ruin.
The air force argues that we need the Stealch to strike fear
in the hearts of the Soviets, to stop them from launching a nu-
dear war against us. The problem with chis rationale is dhar al.
most no one still chinks the Soviet Union has any intencion
whatsoever of starting a nuclear war.
"The likelihood of all-out conflict berween the U.S. and the
Soviet Union," says Defense Secretary Dick Cheney, "is
probably lower now chan it's been at just about any cime since
the end of World War II." So be it, and thank God. But that
means the Stealth, for all its twenty-first-century technology, is
an anachronism, doomed to gather dust
Still we continue to build the Stealth and many more com-
ponents of che nuclear-war machine. These massive projects,
hristened and launched in secrecy, become great ships chum
ng through dark seas full speed ahead. Their course is no
easily reversed. We leep creating these weapons as if in a dream,
unable to free ourselves from the fears of the last firy years.
One of the last great beasts of the cold war, the Stealth ex-
ists today because the Pentagon concealed its birth and growth
behind the shield of national security. Frum the moment the
Stealch bomber began to be stripped of its secrecy - once it
became visible on the public radar screen - it was revealed as
an act of folly: a war machine we cannor afford, with a mission
we cannot carry out. Lacking a mission, the Stealch deserves
no more money. The cost of the Stealch, and the secrecy
that has sürrounded it, is a real threat to the nation, a dan-
ger now greater than the Communist menace the bomber was
built to destroy.
- T.W.
ROLLING STONE, SEPTEMBER 6TH, 1990 • 43
