{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:42:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 218917, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114877-spooks-it-s-time-for-a-revalation-mon-dec-22-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "eeb45b17a498ec05048b53ea735df0aa62e1dd92c68ba1a5c9698216879ed1e2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 844, "chars": 5429, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fort
Spooks-It's Time
For a Revelation
WILLIAM B, SCOUT/COLORADO SPRINGS
though the U.S. spook community predicted immediate
and dire consequences, disclosure of the total Fiscal 1997
ligible impact on U.S. national security. Well, surprișe, surprise!
Only after the Federation of American Scientists (FAS) filed
a Freedom of Intormation Act lawsuit dia CIA director George
• Tener acknowledge the $26.6 billior of intelligence funding. The
figure was hardly a revelation, although slightly lower than spook-
watchers had suspected. Still, it was the first time in more than
50 years that the intelligence bureäucracy has officially admitted
how much it spends. The FAS is to be congratulated for mak-
ing it happen.*
BUT THE ADMISSION DID NOT set a precedent. Tenet quickly
slammed the doot on tuture disclosures, worrying that they
"could cause harm to the national security by showing trends
over time" True to form, the CIA has refused to declassify the
Fiscal 1998 budget total. 2*
* The U.S, intelligence web is pervasive, encompassing offices
and agencies with nondescript titles and acronyms, pockets of
the military serýices and front companies that pretend to be
A "black world" secrecy mindset prevents taxpayers from leaning
commercial entities. But it is not unique. Many other nations
about the small fleet of Mach 3 fighters the Ü.S. may be operai
support their own expensive, far-reaching inteligence appara-
tus Quite a few cooperare, creating a global elite that cần op- " the spooks have been scrambling ever since to show relevanc
erate outside the checks and balances of law and oversighr:
* For decades, American taxpayers were willing to brayer
Athough originally set up for good reason protecting na-
cional interests and staffed by dedicared people who believe
huge sums and never ask what protection they were teceiven
return. They trusted the tight litle black world of goyemer
deeply in what they do, some of these organizations have out-
agencies and contractors to do whatever was necesary Now
lived their usefulness. They are dinosaurs that consume precious.
that trust warrants an accounting. Spooks, it's time to opensome
resources by perpetuating a ponderous bureaucracy
hangar doors and ledgers; time to show what you speng wit
What has the US taxpayer received for "black" investments"
« we bought, and what you did and didnt do ror uselts amero
that, during the mid 1980s, ran approximately $100 millión per
stop complaining;
;, "any disclosure poses dire risks to natone
day, every day of the year? In the aerospace arena, the spooks
curity!" You know damn well it doesn't.
point to the U2, SR 713E 117, B-2 bomber, intelligence-gath-
Wartighters absolutely must know what you develope
vering and warning satelutes, and a tew advanced weapon sys-
in the lab or procotype stages now, and what you've fielded bit
rems Nor bad technology, most would agree
still hide. There are many smart generals, captals, commanda
Bục what do the secret hangars at Groom Lake, Nev.; Norton,
analysts, engineers and crew chiets who will find new ways tort
Edwards and Beale AFBs, Calify and remote sites in Alaska, New
tectively employ your toys —ot your budgets, lyou insist on the
Mexico and the Southeast U.S. still hide? How much was, spent
traditional "trust me" approach. You may have exacly whar these
onideas that yielded a handful of prototype aircraft, which were
experts need for an application you never imagined. t
chopped-up, buried or gather düst now! Will we ever kriow?
SPOOKS OF ALL STRIPES, GET OUT of your cipher-locked offices
SINCE THE COLD WAR ENDED very litle progress has, béen made
and look tarther atield. Ask how you can serve your nation an
in breaking down the walls of seciccy surounding past programs.
the international community in new ways by disclosingsecret
Yes, the Air Force trotted put the odd shaped Tact Blue" whale,
; One immediate benefit of your openness would be a renewe
but it was a 20-year old-research aircraft. They just as easily could
raise the curtain on the few Mach 3 actack aircraft that appar-
endly lürk around the British Isles, Langley AFB, Va., ard West-
ern OiS bases with negligible ettect on national security. Bur
no way. A spook elite that stubbornly maintains they know what's
best for us poor ignotant folk will never show their wares until
forced to do so Or until they see an opportünity to shine
« During a conflict or national emergency, the spooks have
brought their silver büllet aircraft, satellites and weapons, only
to be snubbed by geherals who didnt have time to integrate the
snazzy toys into a battle campaign. After the gulf war, senior com-
mânders were livid, demanding to know why they were never
rold about hese systems beforchand Reasons were feeble, ard
the high road and disclose voluntarily?
"The intelligence agencies [must treat the American people
as their customers, " Sen. J. Robert Kerrey (D-Neb) dedard on.
Nov. 6. "The days when intelligence was exclusivelya scar
activity for an elite inside the Beltway are over, and findi
genice is to retain its claim on the publics resources indrebuld
the public's full respect, they ought to be over
Spooks, don't ignore your masters anymore Step forward ind
accept your nation's appreciation for your contributions anons
criticisms for your tumbles. Only then can you usua your ex
istence and future expenditures.
96 AVIATION WEEK & SPACE TECHNOLOGY/DECEMBER 22/29, 1997
