{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:42:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 364809, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114867-edward-snowden-black-budget-programs.pdf", "source_sha256": "1beab44df99613946e14566a537dafe04cf4f253779bce3d9386dac85b216c6e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 3066, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
http://www.collective-evolution.com/2013/08/31/snowden-reveals-first-ever-public-
disclosure-of-secret-black-budget-programs/
Edward Snowden, a former intelligence contractor has leaked the very first documentation that
proves the existence of clandestine black budget operations (1)(programs that are extremely
classified dealing with technology, information and more.) Did we really need this leak in order
to believe that black budget programs operate in secrecy? No, many people will tell you that
the existence of black budget programs was obvious and that we didn't need any official
documentation to prove it, but this still helps. The United States has a history of government
agencies existing in secret for years. The National Security Agency (NSA) was founded in 1952,
its existence was hidden until the mid 1960's. Even more secretive is the National
Reconnaissance Office, which was founded in 1960 but remained completely secret for 30
years.
We are talking about Special Access Programs (SAP). From these we have unacknowledged and
waived SAPs. These programs do not exist publicly, but they do indeed exist. They are better
known as 'deep black programs.' A 1997 US Senate report described them as "so sensitive that
they are exempt from standard reporting requirements to the Congress." (0)(8)
The Washington Post revealed that the "black-budget" documents report a staggering 52.6
billion dollars that was set aside for operations in the fiscal year 2013. Although it's great to
have this type of documentation in the public domain proving the existence of these black
budget programs, the numbers seem to be off according to some statements made by some
very prominent people who have been involved in the defense sector for years. There is a lot of
evidence to suggest that these programs are not using billions of dollars, but trillions of dollars
that are unaccounted for. Here is a statement given by Canada's former Minister of National
Defence, Paul Hellyer in 2008:
It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass
destruction when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own
backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars allegedly to
bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy
when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects which
both congress and the commander in chief no nothing about(2)
We are talking about large amounts of unaccounted-for money going into programs we know
nothing about. There have been several congressional inquiries that have noted billions, and
even trillions of dollars that have gone missing from the federal reserve system. On July 16,
2001, in front of the house appropriations committee, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
stated:
The financial systems of the department of defence are so snarled up that we can't account for
some $2.6 trillion in transactions that exist, if that's believable (3)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3346, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We don't really hear about black budget programs, or about people who have actually looked
into them. However, the topic was discussed in 2010 by Washington Post journalists Dana
Priest and William Arkin. Their investigation lasted approximately two years and concluded that
America's classified world has:
Become so large, so unwieldy and so secretive that no one knows how much money it costs,
how many people it employes, how many programs exist within it or exactly how many
agencies do the same work (4)
Another person was aviation journalist Bill Sweetman. Within the Pentagon, he estimated that
approximately 150 special access programs existed that weren't even acknowledged. These
programs are not known about by the highest members of government and the highest ranking
officials in the military. He determined that most of these programs were dominated by private
contractors (Lockheed Martin, Boeing, etc.) and that he had no idea as to how these programs
were funded (5)(8).
Dwight Eisenhower, former 5 star U.S. general (highest possible rank) and President of the
United States also warned us about secrecy and the acquisition of unwarranted influence
within the "department of defence" with his farewell speech:
In the council of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential disaster of the
rise of mis placed power exists, and will persist. We must never let the weight of this
combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes(6)
He warns us about the influence of the military industrial complex, and the influence and power
it's capable of. After Eisenhower the next and only other president that blew the whistle on
secrecy beyond the government was president John F. Kennedy in one of his most famous
speeches, he is also referring to the military industrial complex:
The very word secrecy is repugnant, in a free and open society. And we are as a people
inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, secret oaths and to secret proceedings.
We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent
facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today, there is little value in
opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there
is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it. And
there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by
those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment.
That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it is in my control. We are opposed around the
world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for
expanding its sphere of influence. On Infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of
elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day.
It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a
tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic,
scientific and polítical operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1444, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
are buried, not headlined. Its dissenters are silenced, not praised. No expenditure is
questioned, no rumour is printed, no secret is revealed (7)
The amount that the US sets aside for sensitive operations each year is not allowed to be
published for eyes outside of the intelligence community. We are in an age where the US is
having a difficult time keeping sensitive information under wraps, and although there is an
abundance of blatant information for the world to wake up to, that which is still kept under
tight wraps has also become more transparent. Many phenomena previously labelled as merely
a "conspiracy theory" are now surfacing as true and verifiable day after day.
Could some of these black budget programs be dealing with UFOs? There is a large amount of
evidence to suggest that they do, and possibly even extraterrestrials. Documents from the NSA
prove that UFOs and extraterrestrials are of high interest to the agency(9)(10). In fact I would
like to mention that there is an overwhelming amount of evidence to suggest that these black
budget programs deal with matters beyond our world. Garry Mckinnon has also shed light on
this fact, as have thousands of previously classified documents and statements from high level
government and military personnel. The world within our own world must be quite fascinating,
the fact that we are living in the time of transparency must mean that the truth cannot stay
hidden forever.
