{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T23:41:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1396318, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114847-the-pentagon-s-black-programs-philadelphia-inquirer-june-9-1985.pdf", "source_sha256": "a0c603307768733c71dd2f975230ac8f43a44423530fee2d1c728c7ce95c24f3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 799, "chars": 5275, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3 Declassified in Part - Sanitized Copy Approved for Release 2011/12/14 : CIA-RDP90-00965R000706980002-3
PHILAVELPHIA
INULIKER
9 June 1935
ON PAGE 2-
The Pentagon's 'black"
programs: A vast industry
conducted in secret
By Ralph Vartabedian
Los Angeles Times
LOS ANGELES - A Soviet observa-
tion satellite flies over Los Angeles
each day 1o check out operations at
any of a half-dozen industria. plants
involved in military projects that are
the Pentagon's most highly classi-
fied.
"Every day they count the cars in
my parking lot,"
said Ben Rich, a
Lockheed Corp. executive who has
presided over the
production of
whole fleets of secret aircraft.
So, how many cars does Rich have
in his parking lot?
"I can't tell you that. It's secret," he
know that Lockheed has as many as
10,000 workers building a new fleet
of aircraft that utilize radar-evasive
Across town. TRW Inc. has 17,000
workers largely building secret spy
satellites such as the one sent up in
the space shuttle early this year, ac-
cording 1o industry sources.
Fifty miles to the north, in Palm-
dale, an imposing iron structure is
rising off the Mojave Desert that
apparently will be the final assembly
center of the advanced-technology
bomber, another secret program.
These facilities and similar ones
throughout the nation are part of an
industrial network, almost a separate
economy, that serves a rapidly ex-
panding agenda of secret Defense
Department programs.
While almost every weapon in-
volves some classified information
- the range of a torpedo, for in-
stance - many of these programs are
so highly classified that their very
existence is not acknowledged. Even
in the case of the stealth bomber,
which has been officially disclosed,
its costs, quantities and production
This so-called black world of mili-
tary programs has become a nearly
S30 billion industry, based largely in
California, that encompasses tens of
thousands of employees working un-
der Pentagon clearances and beyond
public scrutiny.
Funding for secret Pentagon pro
curement and research has in-
creased sixfold between 1980, the last
• year of the Carter administration,
and the Reagan
budget for fiscal 1986, which begins
And the proportion of the Defense
Department budget for procurement
and research that is classified has
doubled to 20 percent, according to a
former undersecretary of defense,
The growth of black programs is
part of an even broader trend toward
greater secrecy at the Pentagon,
which has restricted access to cer-
tain key budget documents that pre-
viously were open to the public, lim-
ited the exchange of academic
knowledge in U.S. colleges and uni-
. versities and curtailed exports of
commercial products on national-se-
curity grounds.
The Pentagon contends that
greater secrecy is necessary to main-
tain U.S. leadership in weapons that
rely on advanced technologies in
electronics, optics and materials.
With such weapons becoming the
norm rather than the exception, the
nation is producing ever more major
systems in secret. Among them are
an intercontinental nuclear bomber,
a tactical jet lighter, a variety of
spacecraft and space weapons, cruise
missiles, computers, radar systems
and even some tactical missiles.
But the turn toward greater se-
crecy at the Pentagon, critics say, has
important implications for a demo-
cracy that depends on public over.
sight. The Pentagon is seeking to
avoid scrutiny, they contend, block-
ing the public's access to informa-
tion on programs that probably are
no secret to Soviet intelligence.
Of direct impact to taxpayers, crit-
ics add, black programs are signifi-
cantly more costly because of stag-
gering security costs and limited
business competition.
Concern over such programs has
not been limited to traditional Penta-
gon critics. They include usually
staunch defenders of the Pentagon
and individuals responsible for ma-
jor contributions to the nation's
weapons technology.
"I believe we have classified too
much." said Edward Teller, the sci-
entist who played a key role in devel-
oping the hydrogen bomb and who is
a leading advocate of President Rea-
gan's "Star Wars" plan. "Secrecy is a
measure that hurts our opponents a
little and us a great deal.
Scientists and
academics argue
that economic and technological de-
velopment in capitalist economies
has always depended on the flow of
information and the exchange of sci-
entific knowledge.
"It is open communication that
ones, " said Robert Rosenzweig, presi-
dent of the Association of American
Universities, which has fought Pen-
tagon efforts to restrict the exchange
of even unclassified information.
is not the case that we are smarter
than the Russians. Our advantage is
in the way we are organized and in
our system."
High-technology weapons devel-
oped under extraordinary secrecy
are also among the most expensive,
according to sources who are either
involved in the work or who have
studied it closely from the outside.
Lockheed Missiles and Space Co. in •
Sunnyvale. Calif., for example, is be-
lieved to be building a massive photo
reconnaissance satellite called the
KH12 at a cost of S1 billion, which
would make it the most expensive
satellite ever, according to John
Pike, an analyst for the American
Federation of Scientists in Washing:
ton.
STAT
Continued
...

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3716, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Declassified in Part-Sanitized Copy Approved for Release 2011/12/14 : CIA-RDP90-00965R000706980002-32
Although an exhaustive analysis of
such programs is impossible because
of their secrecy, reliable and respect-
ed figures in the defense industry
say the Pentagon's black programs
are far more expensive 1o operate
than more open, or "white," pro-
The B-1 bomber, which is being
produced openly by Rockwell Inter-
national Curp., would cost twice as
much as the current $200 million per
aircraft if it had to be produced in
secrecy, according to Sam lacobellis,
president of Rockwell International
Corp.'s North American Aircraft Op.
erations.
There are staggering costs for site
security, personnel
security clear-
ances and loss of efficiency because
of "compartmentalization."
a stand-
ard policy in black programs that
permits only a few top managers to
know all the details about a product,
or even what the product is.
Secret military business is never
buildings.
Black buildings have highly secure
rooms, surrounded by walls up to
one foot thick that seal in conversa-
tions and cannot be penetrated by
sensors. These buildings usually are
without windows; if a building has
windows, they are made of special
glass that is impervious to radio
Scrambler telephones that trans-
mit signals in code are needed to
discuss secrets. Even special sprin-
kler systems are needed, because
standard metal sprinkler systems act
as antennae that spies can use to tap
into computer and communications
systems.
"You see that mail box two blocks
away?" asked one top executive at a
defense firm, pointing through an
unsecure window.
"With the right
equipment, I could sit out there and
listen 10 every word we are saying
and every word that is being typed
into computers in this building.
Rich, president of Lockheed Ad-
vanced Aeronautics Co., said in a
recent interview that he fires or
transfers an average of 100 employ-
ees each year out of his secret pro-
grams as potential security risks.
Drug abuse, excessive drinking and
even family disputes are the reasons.
The military itself is compartmen-
talized and has different lines of au-
thority for managing its white and
black programs. The Air Force Space
Division in nearby El Segundo, for
instance, has two separate organiza-
tions, a white
through normal military channels
and a black one that has its own two-
star general who reports directly to
the assistant secretary of the Air
Force, according to James Schultz, a
former government employee at the
Some industry executives say
black programs operate with less
competition in the awarding of both
prime contracts and subcontracts,
thus tending to drive up costs. But
industry executives are reluctant to
publicly criticize the level of secrecy
because of the Pentagon's sensitivity
to any discussion
about such pro-
• grams. Some executives, however,
are clearly opposed to current
"Black programs are the military
industrial complex at its worst," said
a corporate officer of a major Los
Angeles defense firm. "All the nor-
mal instincts in a democracy - com-
petition and exchange of ideas -
just vanish completely."
Such views may be gaining accep
tance in Congress, which is increas
ingly concerned with the loss of pub-
lic oversight in defense spending.
"As the Pentagon has been given
freedom in the last decade to get into
these highly classified programs,
there has been abuse," said Anthony
Battista, a staff member of the House
Armed Services Committee who is
one of the top congressional experts
on the Pentagon. "They are throwing
a lot of things under the national.
security umbrella just to revent a
rigid congressional review and |1o
escape the need| 1o present budget
numbers publicly."
-
