{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:35:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 95959, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114976-usa-today-star-wars-a-senate-sequel.pdf", "source_sha256": "896f103e9703cc1859dfb04a45dde1c1b508e7691be820643c6c4c15d50c6d17"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 879, "chars": 5601, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
USATODAY
- WASHINGTON
AND
THE WORLD
'Star wars': A Senate sequel
Plan to provide
nuclear protection
is hotly debated
By Steve Komarow
USA TODAY
Elements of a missile defense system
Republican leaders in Congress are pushing for greater funding for development
of à U.S. anti-ballistic missile system, particularty space-based defensos,
How such a system might work:
Sensor satellltes: Delect
missile's launch, track path. Send
information to ground controllers.
Space-based
Intercaptor:
Planis missile, or
explodes itself to
destroy missile.
Some doubt it will work, others say it
will ruin hard-sought treaties, but the
Reagan era plan to create a protective
"umbrella" against nuclear missiles is
amazing already in at least one regard:
It's come back from the dead.
The Senate returns from recess next
week set to join the House and revive
plans to create a national missile de-
fense, the ort-derided "star wars" pro-
gram that was reduced to research-only
by President Clinton.
While fnal numbers still must be ne-
gotiated between the two chambers,
Congress would earmark about $700
million directly,
and redirect toward
that goal some of the $3 billion given the
Army, Navy and other defense agen-
cies to protect troops in the feld from
Scuds and other shorter-range missiles.
The move, part of the annual De
Tense Department authorization bill,
will make missile defense one of the
military's largest research and acquisi-
tion programns, even though the Soviet
Union it was created to fient is no more.
Supporters of a revived Strategic De
fense Initiative saypironically, it makes
more sense now than before, because
the nature of the threat hes changed.
"In most likely scenarlos, we're talk-
ing not about the thousands of nuclear
weapons of a Soviet nuclear attack, but
a handful," says Baker Spring an ana-
Jyst
with
the conservative
Heritage
Foundation. Because of that, "the idea
of a complete territorial missile defense
becomes much more fensible."
Under the old scenario, the Soviets
could have launched so many missiles
that, even If everything worked, odds
were hundreds of warheads would still
reach U.S. territory.
The rogue nations now trying to ac-
quire nuclear warheads and the mis-
USA TODAY
KYL: Senator backs
missile defense
Enemy missile: Deploys
multiple warheads, decoys.
Scatters destructive debns
over Earth during descent.
Land-based missiles:
Have just a few shots to
destroy missile during its
descent.
Sea-based defenses: Missiles
on ships in Intemational hot spots
could destroy enerny missiles.
Space based
laser weapon
Shoots lasers at
missile. Best used
before missla
deploys
warheads, but can
be used up to
within 50 miles of
Earth's surface.
NUNN: A 'poke in the
Source: The Hetitage Foundation
in Rechin, USA TODAY
eye for Russia
siles to carry them, including Korea,
ons of mass destruction, which would
gratuitous poke in the eye" at a time
Irag and Libya, are unlikely to amass
not be delivered by missile," said a let-
when it is complying with treaty obliga-
great numbers. And they are also less
ter to senators signed by six prominent
tions to destroy its atomic arsenal.
likely to be as intimidated, as the Sovi-
scientists.
"Don't do anything to the ABM treaty
ets were, by the U.S. ability to retaliate.
"The methods of delivery have al
to jeopardize that," said Sen. Jell Binga-
"The assumptions under a Cold War
ready bęen demonstrated by the bomb-
man, D-N.M., whose home state hosts
scenario were that, whoever was out
ings of the World Trade Center in New
much SDI research and development.
there threatening the U.S. was, one, In
York and the federal building in Okla-
"Contrary to the concerns of some,
-complete-control-and, two, a rational
homa City, and the gas attack on the To
the Armed Services Committee never
actor," says Spring
"Today, nelther of
"kyo subway," they said
i advocated abrogation of the "treaty"
those assumptions really apply."
They also argue that, despite $30 b!!-
said Sen. William Cchen, R-Maine, who
Perhaps not, opponents agree.
. But
Lon spent in more than a decade of
helped craft the compromise that al-
they say that doesn't mean the United
work, major technological problems re-
layed Democratic concerns
States can ignore the ABM treaty.
main
- in particular an inability to
GOP lawmakers, who promised mis
"It could affect other sorts of agree-
deal with simple countermeasures like
sile defense in the Contract with Ameri-
ments which are really quite impor-
decoys built into enemy missiles.
ca, say Russia should not feel threat-
tant," says David Wright of the Union of
Under threat of a Democratic flibus-
ened by purely defensive U.S. moves.
Concerned Scientists.
Those
include
ter, the Senate will vote next week on a
And the GOP intends to move the
such programs as the U.S.-Russian joint
compromise that softens provisions in
missile defense closer to reality, espe
effort to control the supply of refined
the bill, which potentially would have
cially given Clinton's refusal to test U.S.
nuclear materials, which rulers like
contradicted the treaty.
nuclear weapons.
Saddar Hussein are trying to get to
While construction of the defense sys-
"You cannot have it both ways," says
build their own bombs.
tem implies it would
be widely
de
Sen. Jon Kyl, R-Ariz. "If you're not going
"National missile defenses provide
ployed, Sen. Sam Nunn, D-Ga., said it
to test" the offensive weapons,
"then
no protection against the most likely fu-
was preferable to seek amendments to
you should be supporting missile de
ture attacks on U.S. territory by weap
the treaty rather than give Russia "a
fense."
