{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T10:27:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 434848, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/114960-pentagon-defied-laws-and-misused-funds-panel-reports-tue-jun-22-1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "247f0ee66dff5a87f24dc4b9efae36db9a29bf9241ca1f7894317e443df1f8b3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3333, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MJ-12
From: "Mark Hall", IXX>
Date: 7/22/99,
XXXX
6:07 PM
Re:
Pentagon Defied Laws and Misused Funds, Panel Reports (Defence Spending) - New Yo
http://www.nytimes.com/library/politics/072299pentagon-spend.html
July 22, 1999
Pentagon Defied Laws and Misused Funds, Panel Reports
By TIM WEINER
saying honest mistakes led to its failure to notify Congress about the way
it was spending money.
The He set propriated hostes more anger and nichment in a
scheduled to be debated by the House on Thursday,
said the practice had
eroded trust between the nation's lawmakers and military commanders.
Representative Jerry Lewis, Republican of California and chairman of the
committee's defense spending panel, said the Pentagon's actions showed its
belief "that it can even move money to a program Congress has closed down,
maybe presuming,
'Oh, well, nobody will know." "
"What do we have to do to make them understand what we mean when we say no?"
Lewis asked.
The Pentagon spokesman, Kenneth H. Bacon, said Wednesday night that the
failure to notify Congress about the military's redirecting of appropriated
funds had taken place. "We work very hard to respond to the directives
Congress gives us," Bacon said. "Do we get it right 100 percent of the time?
Of course not."
that the Air Force wrongfully started and financed a highly
classified, still-secret project, known as a
"black program, " without
informing Congress last year. The connittee said that act was illegal. It
also raises questions about civilian control of black programs, whose
the most highly classified
secrets in the Pentagon. Military
officials refused to discuss any details of the black program.
The conmittee's 313-page report says the Air Force tried to buy an $800
million military connunications satellite without lawful authority, and
illegally diverted from an unspecified program hundreds of millions of
dollars to update its C-5 transport plane. It also says the Pentagon spent
millions of dollars on a "Star Wars" missile defense program that was
previously canceled by Congress.
The report cited three other examples involving military trucks, missiles
and tanks. It did not provide specific cost figures, but committee staff
members said these practices were a chronic and worsening problem adding up
to billions of dollars spent improperly and illegally over the past decade,
particularly in the last year or so as military officials have tried to
more and more expensive prograns.
Addressing the specific charges other than the Air Force black program,
Bacon said the military had on occasion failed to notify lawmakers about the
spent money on these and other military projects. But he said these
were honest errors, and not open defiance.
As for the military satellite, he said there were legitimate disputes over
whether caches of research money should be segregated from money to the
satellite. Bacon said the several hundred million dollars transferred to the
C-5 program involved a misunderstanding between the Pentagon and Congress,
"Star Wars" program was a controversy over whether the program had
been completely canceled.
The law and Pentagon procedures allow military officials to shift funds from
one account to another, but not without telling Congress. They cannot
finance programs Congress never approved, or use money for a purpose that

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 540, "chars": 3465, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lawmakers never intended. But they have done so for years, the conmittee's
report and its staff members said.
"The Constitution is pretty clear on this," Lewis said. It says: "No money
Shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made
by law." That means the Pentagon cannot spend money unless Congress
authorizes it for specific programs.
Congress struggles every year over the military's budget and the costs of
weapons. But the Pentagon now consumes half of the available funds in the
Federal budget, and some senior Republican lawmakers, mindful that their
party is cutting billions of dollars from domestic programs, are trying to
be more vigilant about military spending.
The Pentagon spending battle has been joined this year in the House on two
fronts: the accountability of Pentagon officials and the cost of weapons,
including the $70 billion F-22 fighter jet program.
The committee has withheld $1.8 billion sought to produce the first six
saying the money would be better spent on pilots and present-day
planes. The F-22 is supposed to be the flagship of the 21st century Air
The decision has produced howls of protest from the Pentagon.
"We can fund the F-22," President Clinton said today. "It would be a mistake
to abandon the project."
The Senate's defense bill finances the first six F-22's. But Senator John W.
Warner, Republican of Virginia and chairman of the Armed Services Committee,
told Defense Secretary Willian S. Cohen this week that "we can't be giving
you a blank check."
lhe House Appropriations Committee report noted that the Air Force was
trying to write its own checks for the F-22. It said the Air Force requested
hundreds of millions of dollars that was supposed to help buy the first
F-22's, but Air Force officials, "in violation of specific Congressional
direction, " earmarked the money
for additional research and development.
The Air Force, in a statement, said it "had not misled Congress or misused
appropriated funds." It called the committee's report a product of
"misunderstanding or misinterpretation,"
and said it would "work with
Congress to clear this up."
That may take some doing.
The committee called the Air Force's "lack of
accountability astonishing."
Its report said the Air Force broke the law with a new program to update
electronics and software on the C-5 transport plane. This progran,
the Congress never formally approved," cost several hundred million dollars.
The money was obtained "by diverting funds specifically provided by the
Congress for another program," the report said.
The committee said the Air Force has been taking money out of research funds
to help finance a new $800 million Milstar military communications
satellite. One of the satellites was lost in space this spring, but because
appropriated money was diverted, the Air Force cannot say how much a
ceplacement will cost taxpayers, the report said.
"This conmittee is little short of amazed," the report said in accusing
Pentagon and missile-defense officials of illegally financing a "Star Wars"
system known as the Mediun Altitude Air Defense program.
he system has cost $100 million but produced nothing, the conmittee said.
t was canceled last vear by Congress. But it received at least $2 millior
diverted by Pentagon and missile-defense officials from another
missile-defense program to help keep it alive, the report said.
Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company
Mark Hall
XXXXXXXXXXX»
XXXXXX
2
