{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:06:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1580533, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115065-skunk-works-the-evidence-stacks-up-to-a-near-certainty-that-a-revolutionary-step-has-been-made-in-aircraft-design.pdf", "source_sha256": "931c480fb3f474b999964bad26b23fb0a9b3c6e8a20fe55854e78eb1a89a1a97"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 881, "chars": 5778, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPENCE
FILE PHOTOS
The SR-71 Blackbird, above, and the B2 Stealth Bomber: Like this, but not like this
SKUNK WORKS
By ROBERT SLADE
.. former Chief of Aeronautical Informa-
tion Services at the International Civil
Aviation Organization, Montreal.
MONTREAL
F IT FLIES and it's secret,
then it is a product of the
"Skunk Works"
— a nick-
name that has been around
for two generations, but not
used since the U.S. military with-
drew its veil from test flights of the
"stealth" aircraft in the 1980s.
The guardians of official secrets,
though, have a hard time when it
comes to aircraft. They are made to
be flown. And people see and hear.
Despite denials from industry
sources and bland statements from
the Pentagon - "We have no knowi-
edge of such an aircraft" - the evi-
dence stacks up to a near-certainty
that a revolutionary step has been
made in aircraft design.
Reports date back to summer 1990
of something very unusual taking to
the air. Sightings have occurred in
many parts of the United States,
though they come predominantly
from the Mojave Desert region of
California.
They nearly always stem from
observers schooled in the technol-
ogy of aviation. For lay witnesses
have attributed peculiar sounds and
vibrations to earth tremors.
"A strange, loud, pulsating roar"
was the way one technical onlooker
described it and spoke of the win-
dows rattling. He added that "it was
similar to rocket engine noise, but
deep with evenly-timed pulses.
This description of the engine
sound has characterized witness
reports, leading to propulsion
experts speculating that that phan-
tom aircraft is driven by a new
"impulse motor" — a hybrid of con-
ventional gas turbine and rocket
technologies.
Most of the "sightings" are more
often simply "hearings"
, something
very fast and very high, and always
accompanied by weird-looking
vapor trails, displaying the "dough-
nuts-on-a-rope" pattern known to be
associated with a very-high-speed
engine.
The evidence stacks
up to a near-certainty
that a revolutionary
step has been made
in aircraft design
One witness reporting from
Amarillo, Texas, spoke of a clear sky
and visibility unlimited, when he
heard "a deep-pitched rumble punc-
tuated by short, low-frequency
pulses."
The aircraft flew out of
sight before he could spot it, but he
was able to photograph the tell-tale
doughnut vapor trail.
Paradoxically, the latest secrecy
surrounding the Pulser Vehicle, as
some are calling it, tends to confirm
there is something there. In April
some radio hobbyists in Southern
California were monitoring trans-
missions between Edwards Air
Force Base and a very-high-altitude
aircraft using the callsign Gaspipe.
Controllers were directing the
unknown aircraft to a runway at
Edwards AFB. Joshua Control
(Edwards) was heard to say to
Gaspipe: "You're at 67 (thousand
feet), 081 miles out."
When asked by a curious trade
press what could be lying al such a
height, Pentagon oflicials replied:
"Joshua Control documents contain
no record of controllers having
worked an aircraft with such a call-
sign.
Recent sightings have allowed
some close views, resulting in
detailed sketches showing similarity
one with another. Several observers
spoke of a large delta-shaped air-
craft with upward-canted vertical
fins.
And then came United Flight 934,
12 was clear over the Mojave Desert
a Boeing 747 out of Los Angeles for
and just before midnight, a motorist
London on Aug. 5. The captain and
sighted an "SR-71-like shape." He
co-pilot reported passing through
stopped the car and there it was, a
7,000 metres, when they saw an
couple of hundred feet above the
unusual aircraft coming directly at road right ahead of him.
them. There was only a fleeting
Bright moonlight lit the aircraft's
glimpse — the crew reported a clos-
shape as it rolled out of a final turn
ing rate two to three times the nor-
into Helendale Sun Hill Ranch air-
mal - as an unidentified object
field - a remote spot, not listed in
swept beneath them on a near-colli-
the National Airport Directory.
sion course.
With such detailed observations
But these two highly-trained
coming in, a consistent picture was
observers knew what they saw: a lif-
emerging: a long delta-shaped plat-
ing body (type of wingless aircraft)
form with a large aft section and
which was clearly supersonic, look-
slender pointed nose, two rectangu-
ing like the forward fuselage of a
lar-shaped engine nozzles beneath
Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird, the
the aircraft's trailing edge.
now-grounded CIA spyplane, but
Although the concept officially
without wings.
does not exist - no government
When asked by the crew what it
agency will admit to there being
was, Los Angeles Centre air traffic
anything behind this growing num-
control replied that they did not see
ber of field sightings - there are
the target on radar. The military
indications that whatever this
liaison officer to the Pacific Region
highly-classified project is, it is not
office of the federal aviation admin-
confined to a research and develop-
istration found nothing to back up
ment undertaking.
the United crew's observation.
Sightings are beginning to occur
An official statement declared:
in Europe. The distinctive high-
"To us, it's simply a pilot report, and
speed contrail or vapor rings were
there's no evidence of anything
reported over Scotland emerging
other than the pilot comments.
from a very-high-lying aircrall.
Case closed.
Speculation, of course. Still, one
But by now the file was growing:
more witness report claims: "... the
reports of strange objects being seen
front end of a Blackbird-like aircraft
- mostly bearing a marked simi-
being loaded into a C-5 freighter at
larity - by the trained eyes of inde-
Burbank, California.
" Home to
pendent watchers. The night of July
Lockheed's Skunk Works. Ü
