{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:09:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2077060, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115034-covert-operations-of-the-us-national-security-agency-wed-may-1-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "fc82bb09fe19883e194fdc5fcc41e6bfd763b65b50e180299db61b7107120d08"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3335, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Covert Operations of the
US NATIONAL SECURITY
AGENCY
A lawsuit filed
against the US
National
Security Agency
reveals a
frightening
array of
technologies
and programs
designed to
keep tabs on
individuals.
John St Clair Akwei
VS
National Security Agency
Ft George G. Meade, MD, USA
(Civil Action 92-0449)
APRIL-MAY 1996
the following document comprises evidence for a lawsuit filed at the US
constitutes his knowledge of the NSA's structure, national security activities,
proprietary technologies and covert operations to monitor individual citizens. Ed.
1. THE NSA'S MISSION AND DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE OPERATION
• Communications Intelligence (COMINI)
Blanket coverage of all electronic communications in the US and the world to ensure
national security. The NSA at Ft Meade, Maryland has had the most advanced computers
in the world since the early 1960s. NSA technology is developed and implemented in
secret from private corporations, academia and the general public.
e Signals Intelligence (SIGINT)
The Signals Intelligence mission of the NSA has evolved into a program of decoding
EME waves in the environment for wirelessly tapping into computers and tracking
persons with the electrical currents in their bodies. Signals Intelligence is based on the
fact that everything in the environment with an electric current in it has a magnetic flux
around it which gives off EMF waves. The NSA/DoD (Department of Defense] has
developed proprietary advanced digital equipment which gan remotely analyze all objects,
whether manmade or organic, that have electrical activity.
• Domestic Intelligence (DOMINT)
The NSA has records on all US citizens. The NSA gathers information on US citizens
who might be of interest to any of the over 50,000 NSA agents (HOMINT). These agents
are authorized hy executive order to spy on anyone. The NSA.has a permanent national
security anti-terrorist surveillance network in place. This surveillance network is com-
pletely disguised and hidden from the public
Tracking individuals in the US.is easily and cost-effectively implemented with the
MAN
NSA's electronic surveillance network. This network (DOMINT) covers the entire US, O
involves tens of thousands of NSA personnel, and tracks millions of persons simultane-
ously. Cost-effective implementation of operations is assured by NSA computer technol
ogy designed to minimize operations costs.
NSA personnel serve in quasi-public positions in their communities and run cover busi-
FFICEN
ness and legitimate businesses that can inform the intelligence community of persons they
would want to track. NSA personnel in the community usually have cover identities such
as social workers, lawyers and business owners.
• Individual Citizens Occasionally Targeted for Surveillance by Independently-
Operating NSA Personnel
NSA personnel can control the lives of hundreds of thousands of individuals in the US
by using the NSA's domestic intelligence network and cover businesses. The operations
independently run by them can sometimes go beyond the bounds of law. Long-term con-
trol and sabotage of tens of thousands of unwitting citizens by NSA operatives is likely to
happen. NSA DOMINT has the ability to assassinate US citizens covertly or run covert
psychological control operations to cause subjects to be diagnosed with ill mental health.
NEXUS • 17

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 890, "chars": 5987, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2. NSA'S DOMESTIC ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE
NETWORK
ing radioactivity or nuclear detonation".
Signals Intelligence implemented and kept this technology
secret-in the same manner as other electronic warfare programs of
As of the early 1960s, the most advanced computers in the
the US Government. The NSA monitors available information
world were at the NSA, Ft Meade. Research breakthroughs with
about this technology and withholds scientific research trom the
these computers were kept for the NSA. At the present time the
public. There are also international intelligence agreements to
NSA has nanotechnology computers that are 15 years ahead of
keep this technology secret.
present computer technology.
The NSA has proprietary electronic equipment that analyzes
The NSA obtains blanket coverage of information in the US by
electrical activity in humans from a distance. NSA computer-gen-
using advanced computers that use artificial intelligence to screen
erated brain mapping can continuously monitor all of the electrical
all communications, regardless of medium, for key words that
activity in the brain continuously. The NSA records and decodes
should be brought to the attention of NSA agents/cryptologists
individual brain maps (of hundreds of thousands of persons) for
These computers monitor all communications at the transmitting
national security purposes. EMF Brain Stimulation is also secretly
and receiving ends. This blanket coverage of the US is a result of
used by the military for brain-to-computer link (in military fighter
the NSA's Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) mission.
aircraft, for example).
The NSA's electronic surveillance network is based on a cellular
For electronic surveillance purposes, electrical activity in the
arrangement of devices that can monitor the entire EMF spectrum.
speech center of the brain can be translated into the subject's ver-
This equipment was developed, implemented and kept secret in
bal thoughts. RNM can send encoded signals to the brain's audito-
-the same manner as other electronic warfare programs.
ry cortex, thus allowing audio communications direct to the brain
• Signals Intelligence Remote Computer Tampering
(bypassing the ears). NSA operadves can use this covertly to
The NSA keeps track of all PCs and other computers sold in the
debilitate subjects by simulating auditory hallucinations character-
US. This is an integral part of the Domestic Intelligence network.
istic of paranoid schizophrenia.
The NSA's EMF equipment
Without any contact with the
can tune in RF emissions from
personal computer circuit boards
Monitoring can map our elec-
(while filtering out emissions
from monitors and power sup-
plies). The RF emission from
PC circuit boards contains digi-
tal information in the PC.
Coded RE waves from the
NSA's equipment can resonate
PC circuits and change data in
the PCs. Thus the NSA can gain
wireless modem-style entry into
any computer in the country for
MPORTANT surveillance or anti-terrorist
Without any contact with the subject,
Remote Neural Monitoring can map out
electrical activity from the visual cortex
of a subject's brain and show images
from the subject's brain on a video
monitor.
NSA operatives see what the
surveillance subject's eyes are seeing.
trical activity from the visual
cortex of a subject's brain and
show images from the subject's
brain on a video monitor. NSA
operatives see what the surveil-
lance subject's eyes are seeing.
Visual memory can also be
RNM can send images
direct to the visual cortex,
bypassing the eyes and optic
NSA operatives can
use this surreptitiously to put
electronic warfare.
images into a surveillance sub-
• Defecting EMF Fields in
ject's brain while they are in
Humans for Surveillance
REM sleep for brain-program-
A subject's bioelectric field can be remotely detected, so sub-
ming purposes.
ABDUCTOYS
jects can be monitored anywhere they are.
With special EMF
* = Capabilities of NSA Operatives Using RNM
'equipment NSA cryptologists can remotely read evoked potentials
There has been a Stgnats Intelligence network in the US since
Throm EECS). These can be decoded into a person's brain-states
the 1940s.) The NSA, Ft Meade has in place a vast two-way wire-
and thoughts. The subject is then perfectly monitored from a dis-
less RNM system which is used to track subjects and non-inva-
sively monitor audiovisual information in their brains. This is all
NSA personnel can dial up any individual in the country on the
done with no physical contact with the subject. RNM is the ulti-
* Signals inelligence EME scanning network and the NSA's com-
mate method of surveillance and domestic intelligence. Speech,
puters will then pinpoint and track that person 24 hours a day.
3D sound and subliminal audio can be sent to the auditory cortex
The NSA can pick out and track anyone in the US.
of the subject's brain (bypassing the ears), and images can be sent
into the visual cortex. RNM can alter a subject's perceptions,
•3. NSA SIGNALS INTELLIGENCE USE OF EMF
moods and motor control.
BRAIN STIMULATION
Speech cortex/auditory cortex link has become the ultimate
communications system for the intelligence community. RNM
NSA Signals Intelligence uses EMF Brain Stimulation for
allows for a complete audiovisual brain-to-brain link or brain-to-
Remote Neural Monitoring (RNM) and Electronic Brain Link
computer link
(EBL). EMF Brain Stimulation has been in development since the
MKULTRA program of the early 1950s, which included neuro-
logical research into radiation (non-ionizing EMF) and bioelectric
research and development. The resulting secret technology is cat-
egorized at the National Security Archives as "Radiation
Intelligence"
, defined as "information from unintentionally
emanated electromagnetic waves in the environment, not includ-
4. NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY SIGNALS.
INTELLIGENCE ELECTRONIC BRAIN LINK
TECHNOLOGY
NSA SIGINT can remotely detect, identify and monitor a per-
son's bioelectric fields.
18 • NEXUS
APRIL-MAY 1996

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 797, "chars": 5814, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table 1: An example of EMF Brain Stimulation
Intelligence has the propri-
ability to monitor
• remotely and non-invasively
information in the human
brain by digitatly decoding
the evoked potentials in the
30-50 Hz, 5 milliwatt elec-
tromagnetic emissions from
Bioelectric Resonance Frequency
Information Induced Through Modulation
Motor Control Cortex
Auditory Cortex
Motor impulse coordination
Sound which bypasses the ears
Images in the brain bypassing the eyes
Somatosensory
Thought Center
Imposed subconscious thoughts
Neuronal activity in the
brain creates a shifting elec-
frical pattern that has a shifting magnetic flux. This magnetic flux
puts out a constant 30-50 Hz, 5 milliwatt electromagnetic (EMF)
wave. Comatned in the electromagnetic emission from the brain
are spikes and patterns canted evoked potentials
Every thought, reaction, motor command, auditory event and
visual image in the brain has a corresponding "evoked potential"
or set of "evoked potentials". The EMF emission from the brain
can be decoded into the current thoughts, images and sounds in
the subject's brain.
NSA SIGINT uses EMF-transmitted Brain Stimulation as a
communications system to transmit information (as well as ner-
vous system messages) to intelligence agents and also to transmit
to the brains of covert operations subjects (on a non-perceptible
auditory cortex (bypassing the ears) and transmitting faint images
to the visual cortex (bypassing the optic nerves and eyes). The
images appear as floating 2D screens in the brain.
Two-way electronic Brain Link has become the ultimate com-
munications system for CIA/NSA personnel. Remote neural
monitaring (RNM, remotely menitoring biaelectric information in j
the human brain) has become the ultimate surveillance system. It
is used by a limited number of agents in the US Intelligence
CORRECT,
5. [NO HEADING IN ORIGINAL DOCUMENT]
EMF Brain Stimulation works by sending a complexly coded
and pulsed electromagnetic signal to trigger evoked potentials.
(events) in the brain, thereby forming sound and visual images in
the brain's neural circuits. EMF Brain Stimulation can also
change a person's brain-states and affect motor contro...
Two-way electronic Brain Link is done by remotely monitoring
neural audiovisual information while transmitting sound to the
RNM requires decoding the resonance frequency of each spe-
cific brain area: That frequency is then modulated in order to
impose information in that specific brain area.
The frequency to which the various brain areas respond varies
from 3 Hz to 50 Iz. Only NSA Signals Intelligence modulates
signals in this frequency hand. (See Table 1.).
This modulated information can be put into the brain at varying
intensities from subliminal to perceptible.
Each person's brain has a unique set of bioelectric
RESOURCES
These publications have only been dis-
covered since December 1991, after
Plaintiff had already notified authorities
(Dept of Justice, etc.) of Public
Corruption by named NSA employees.
When no action was taken against the
NSA employees, I researched the
Intelligence Community electronic sur-
veillance technology involved and dis-•
covered the following publications.
The Body Electric: Electromagnetism
and the Foundation of Life, by Robert
Becker, M.D. Monitoring neuroelectric
information in the brain; EM waves; ESB
(pp. 265, 313, 318).
Cross Currents, by Robert Becker.
Simulating auditory hallucinations (PP
70, 78, 105, 210, 216, 220, 242, 299,
303). Remote computer tampering using
the RF emissions from the logic board (p.
174).
Currents of Death, by Paul Brodeur.
Driving brain electrical activity with
external EM; magnetophosphenes;
Delgado (pp. 27, 93).
The Zapping of America, by Paul
Brodeur. DoD EM ESB research; simu-
lating auditory hallucinations.
Of Mice, Men and Molecules, by John H.
Heller, 1963. Bioelectricity; probing the
brain with EM waves (p. 110).
The Three-Pound Universe, by Judith
Hooper. CIA EEG research; EEGs for
surveillance (pp. 29, 132, 137).
In the Palaces of Memory, by George
Johnson, EM emissions from the brain;
the brain as an open electromagnetic cir-
cuit.
The Puzzle Palace, by James Bamford
Signals intelligence; most advanced com-
puters in the early sixties.
The US Intelligence Community.
Glossary terms at National Security
Archives: Radiation Intelligence (infor-
mation from unintentionally emanated
electromagnetic energy, excluding
radioactive sources).
The Search for the "Manchurian
Candidate", by John Marks. Electrical or
radio stimulation to the brain; CIA R&D
in bioelectries (p. 227).
Secret Agenda, by Jim Hougan. National
security cult groups.
Crimes of the Intelligence Community,
by Morton Halperin. Surreptitious
entries; intelligence agents running opera-
tions against government workers
War in the Age of Intelligent Machines.
NSA computer supremacy, complete con-
trol of information.
Alternate Computers, by Time-Life
Books. Molecule computers.
The Mind, by Richard Restak, M.D
EEG Systems, Inc.; decoding brain EM
emanations; tracking thoughts on a com-
puter (p. 258).
MedTech, by Lawrence Galton.
Triggering events in the brain, direct to
auditory cortex signals.
Cyborg, by D. S. Halacy, Jr, 1965. Brain-
to-computer link research contracts given
out by the US Government.
Psychiatry and the CIA: Victims of
Mind Control, by Harvey M. Weinstein,
M.D. Dr Cameron: psychic driving:
ultraconceptual communications.
Journey Into Madness: The True Story
of Secret CIA Mind Control and
Medical Abuse, by Gordon Thomas.
Intelligence R&D; Delgado; psychic dri-
ving with radio telemetry (Pp. 127, 276,
116, 168-69).
Mind Manipulators, by Alan Scheflin
and Edward M. Opton. MKULTRA brain
research for information-gathering
The Brain Changers, by Maya Pines.
Listening to brain EM emissions (p. 19).
APRIL-MAY 1996
NEXUS • 19

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 893, "chars": 6117, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
resonance/entrainment frequencies. Sending audio information to
Agents working out of offices can be in constant communica-
a person's brain at the frequency of another person's auditory cor-
tion with spotters who are keeping track of the NSA's thousands of
tex would result in that audio information not being perceived.
subjects in public.
The Plainuff learned of RNM by being in two-way RNM con-
NSA agents in remote offices can instantly identify (using
taet with the Kirmecome group at the NSA, Fl Meade.
RNM) any individual spotted in public who is in contact with sur-
They used RNM 3D sound direct to the brain to harass the
veillance subject.
Plaintiff from 10/90 to 5/91.
• Chemicals and Drugs into Residential Buildings with
As of 5/91 they have had two-way RNM communications with
Hidden NSA Installed and Maintained Plastic Plumbing
The Platiff and have used RNM to attempt to incapacitate the
Lines
Plaintiff and hinder the Plaintiff from going to the authorities
The NSA has kits for running lines into residential tap water and
abour their activities against the Plaintiff in the last 12 years.
air ducts of subjects for the delivery of drugs (such as sleeping gas
The Kinnecome group has about 100 persons working 24 hours
_ or brainwashing-aiding drugs). This is an outgrowth of CIA
a day at Ft Meade. They have also brain-tapped persons the pharmapsychology (psychopharmacology).
Plaintiff is in contact with to keep the Plaintiff isolated.
This is
• Brief Overview of Proprietary US Intelligence/Anti-
The first time ever thar a private citizen has been harassed with
Terrorist Equipment Mentioned
RNM and has been able to bring a lawsuit against NSA personnel
Fixed network of special EMF equipment that can read EEGs in
misusing this intelligence operations method.
human brains and identify/track individuals by using digital com-
puters. ESB (Electrical Stimulation to the Brain) via EMF signal
6. NSA TECHNIQUES AND RESOURCES
from the NSA Signals Intelligence is used to control subjects.
EMF equipment that gathers information from PC circuit boards
Remote monitoring/tracking of individuals in any location.
by deciphering RF emissions, thereby gaining wireless modem-
inside any building, continuousty, anywhere in the country.
style entry into any personal computer in the country.
A system for inexpensive implementation of these operations
All equipment hidden, all technology secret, all scientific
allows for thousands of persons in every community to be spied
research unreported (as in electronic warfare research).
soon constantly by the DiSAr
Not known to the public at all, yet complete and thorough
• Remote RNM Devices
DID ELECTRIC MAN
implementation of this method of domestic intelligence has been
NSA's RNM equipment remotely reads the evoked potentials
Win place since the early 1980S.
(EEGs) of the human brain for tracking individuals, and can send
messages through the nervous systems to affect their performance
--Editor's Note:
RNM can clectronically identity individuals and track them
anywhere in the US. This equipment is on a network and is used
I tried ringing Mr Akwei to find out what was the out-
for domestic intelligence operations, government security and mil-
- come, if any, of his court case. He firmly but kindly told
itary base security, and in case of bioelectric warfare
me that he could not speak about anything to do with the
• Spotters and Walk-Bys in Metropolitan Areas
case over the phone and hung up.
Tens of thousands of persons in each area working as spotters
A subsequent conversation of similar length resulted in
and neighborhood/businessplace spies (sometimes unwittingly)
the information that he did not wish his address or phone
following and checking on subjects who have been identified for
number published with this article.
covert control by NSA personnel.
So, if we hear of any developments, we'll let you know.
FURTHER RESOURCES
Modern Bioelectricity. Inducing audio
in the brain with EM waves; DoD
cover-up; EM wave ESB; remote
EEGs.
Magnetic Stimulation in Clinical
Neurophysiology, by
Sudhansu
Chokroverty. Magnetophosphenes;
images direct to the visual cortex.
The Mind of Man, by Nigel Calder.
US Intelligence brain research.
Neuroelectric Society Conference,
1971. Audio direct to the brain with
EM waves; two-way remote EEGs.
Brain Control, by Elliot S. Valenstein.
ESB; control of individuals.
Towards Century 21, by C. S. Wallia.
Brain stimulation for direct-to-brain
communications (p. 21).
Mind Wars, by Ron McRae (associate
of Jack Anderson). Research into
brain-to-brain electronic communica-
tions; remote neural EM detection (PP.
62, 106, 136).
Mind Tools, by Rudy Rucker. Brain
tapping; communications with varying
biomagnetic fields (p. 82).
US News & World Report, Jan 2, 1984.
EM wave brain stimulation; intelli-
gence community high tech (p. 38).
Ear Magazine. Article on extremely
low frequency radio emissions in the
natural environment; radio emissions
from the human body.
City Paper, Washington, DC, Jan 17,
1992. Article on FCC and NSA "com-
plete radio spectrum" listening posts.
Frontiers in Science, by Edward
Hutchings, Jr, 1958 (p. 48).
Beyond Biofeedback, by Elmer and
Alyce Green, 1977 (p. 118).
The Body Quantum, by Fred Alan
Wolf
Cloning: A Biologist Reports, by
Robert Gilmore McKinnell. Ethical
review of cloning humans.
Hoover's FBI. by former agent
William Turner. Routines of electronic
surveillance work (p. 280).
. July 20, 2019, by Arthur C. Clarke.
LIDA: neurophonics; brain-computer
link.
MegaBrain, by Michael Hutchison.
Brain stimulation with EM waves; CIA
research and information control (Pp.
107, 108, 117, 120, 123).
The Cult of Information, by Theodore
Rosnak, 1986. NSA Directive #145;
personal files in computers; computer-
automated telephone tapping
The Body Shop, 1968 implantation of
an electrode array on the visual cortex
for video direct to the brain; other
1960s research into electronically trig-
gering phosphenes in the brain, thus
bypassing the eyes.
Evoked Potentials, by David Regan.
Decoding neuroelectric information in
the brain.
20 • NEXUS
APRIL-MAY 1996
