{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:59:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 798678, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115125-patent-us3396806-thermal-underground-penetrator-8-13-1968.pdf", "source_sha256": "a73737aa392ec65d03eee44d457be6e580664052e3885df5b5cc50e5d2703a0b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 38, "chars": 315, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
3,396,806

 G. M. BENSON

THERMAL UNDERGROUND PENETRATOR

Aug. 13, 1968

£ Sheets-Sheet 1

Filed July 28, 1964

OURCE
OF
| DRILL Mup

es

a ee ee -

DRILL
MUD
FILTER

INVENTOR
GLENDON M. BENSON

© Aamucl Lissiabers
ATTORNEY —

>> SS

oe mee PN she NA “

— <7 a; NS || L227

-

al N

= Ag

INCA" A

—— ee ee ee eee

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 296, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
806

?

3,396

G. M. BENSON

THERMAL UNDERGROUND PENETRATOR

Aug. 13, 1968

£ sheets-Sheet 2

Filed July 28, 1964

INVENTOR
GLENDON M. BENSON

OY Lamoel Kiolenbeng

ATTORNEY

V NL hbk hnkembardL\ 0
ey — a 2iay
en Ss,
____

~

(RSS
N\

= 2

a Lazzal Ai

AAR AAAS
KASANIAASA AY

SOURCE OF
REDUCING

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 7423, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,396,806
Patented Aug. 13, 1968
melted. Provision is made for causing this melted rock
to flow behind the reactor where it is mixed with a drilling
THERMAL UNDERGROUND PENETRATOR
Glendon M. Benson, Danville, Calif., assignor to Physics
International Company, Berkeley, Calif., a corporation
Filed July 28, 1964, Ser. No. 385,584
fluid which is pumped from the surface of the earth to
be carried thereby back to the earth. Provision is also
made for altering the direction of penetration of the ther-
mally powered penetrator, as may be required, for main-
taining the direction of the hole in a preferred direction.
Provision is also made for smoothing out the bore of
This invention relates to apparatus for enabling under-
the hole as the thermally powered penetrator continues
ground penetration such as digging, drilling or tunneling 10 to penetrate into the surface of the earth.
and more particularly to improvements therein.
The novel features that are considered characteristic
One of the proposals, which has been made for the
of this invention are set forth with particularity in the ap-
purpose of drilling below the surface of the earth deeper
pended claims. The invention itself both as to its organiza-
than can be done economically with conventional drilling
tion and method of operation, as well as additional ob-
techniques, has been to employ a nuclear reactor for the
15 jects and advantages thereof, will best be understood from
purpose. As exemplified in Patent 3,115,194, the nuclear
the following description when read in connection with
reactor can develop heat at a sufficient temperature so
the accompanying drawings, in which:
that the underlying rock is melted and the reactor can
FIGURE 1 is a cross-sectional view of an embodiment
sink through the resulting magma, because the average
of the invention;
density of the reactor is made greater than the density
FIGURE 2 is a schematic diagram showing how elec-
of the magma. At a predetermined depth, a ballast pack-
trical energy is provided for an electrical thermal genera-
age at the bottom end is dropped which causes the aver-
age density of the reactor to be less than the density of
FIGURE 3 is a cross-sectional view showing another
the magma whereby this "needle" reactor would float back
arrangement in accordance with this invention for the ap-
to the surface of the earth.
25 plication of heat from a thermally powered penetrator
While this concept may be suitable for underground
to the rock to be melted;
exploratory purposes, it is not satisfactory for digging a
PIGURE 4 illustrates another arrangement in accord-
permanent hole of the type required for an oil well, for
ance with this invention for melting rock;
example. No provision is made for removal of the magma
FIGURE 5 illustrates an arrangement for bringing a re-
after it is created so that effectively when the "needle"
30 ducing agent to the digging end of a penetrator, in accord-
floats back to the surface of the earth no hole is left be-
ance with this invention; and
hind it. Furthermore, the requirement for the
FIGURE 6 illustrates another arrangement for apply-
that the heat energy of a nuclear reactor occur on both
ing thermal energy to melt rock, from a thermal energy
ends does not lend itself to efficient utilization of said
energy. Also, since the "needle" depends upon gravity
Referring now to FIGURE 1, there may be seen a cross-
to direct it downwards in a straight line and buoyancy to
sectional view of one embodiment of this invention. The
return it to the earth's surface, the arrangement is not suit-
embodiment of the invention is shown after it has pene-
able for drilling a permanent hole which is to be straight,
trated into the rock 10 below the surface of the earth.
but rather can only be used for the purpose of sampling
The invention comprises a thermal energy generator 12
the earth at the indicated depth of penetration.
40 with a construction illustrated as a plurality of rods 13,
In addition, the "needle" is limited in the rate that heat
with passageways therethrough for enabling the circula-
energy can be supplied to the rock to be penetrated. This
tion of a coolant. If the thermal energy generator uses
limit is caused by the thermal conductivity of the reactor
electricity for power, then these rods may be made of a
and supporting structures.
The heat flux so conducted
retractory material, such as graphite or hafnium carbide.
axially is sufficiently low so as to cause a negligible melt
As shown in the schematic diagram in FIGURE 2, the
rods 13 are electrically connected in series and are con-
Accordingly, an object of this invention is to provide a
nected through wires 17 passing through a mud pipe 34
novel thermally powered underground penetrating system.
to a source of electrical energy 19 at the surface. By way
Yet another object of the present invention is the pro-
of example, a suitable coolant may be bismuth. The ther-
vision of a novel construction for a thermally
50 mal energy generator may be a reactor which may be of
underground penetrating system enabling the utilization of
the thermal, epithermal or fast reactor type which is en-
different types of thermal power sources such as a nuclear
riched in U233, U235 or Pu239 and which employs a re-
reactor or an electrical thermal power source.
fractory moderator. In this case the rods 13 may be made
Still another object of the present invention is the pro-
of the material usually used in reactor cooling device struc-
vision of a novel and useful thermally powered under-
tures, including batnium carbide or pyrolitic graphite. In
ground penetrating system wherein the material through
flowing through the reactor, the coolant is heated to a tem-
which penetration occurs is removed and a casing is pro-
perature on the order of 2000°-2500° K. by the reactor.
vided simultaneously around the remaining hole.
The coolant flows downward through a refractory deflector
Yet another object of the present invention is the pro- 60
16, 16 to the refractory face plate 18 which may be made
vision of a novel and unique thermally powered under-
of hafnium carbide, and then is directed as shown by the
ground penetrator having an easily controllable direction
arrows up a flow channel which includes side walls 20, 20
also made of a refractory material, which may be hafnium
other objects of the invention may be
carbide. The coolant is then directed into a coolant recir-
achieved by using a thermal energy source which can pro- 65
culatory pump, such as impeller 22 and thereafter by the
vide a sufficiently high temperature, so, that either by the
pump back through the reactor, thereby completing the
fluid cycle. The pump may also be made of a refractory
direct application of the heat, or by the application through
material, such as hafnium carbide.
a coolant, earth and rock are melted. Such a thermal en-
The combination of high heat flux and high tempera-
ergy source may be a nuclear reactor, electrical heaters,
ture at the face plate 18 insures both a maximum melting
or some other form. Where a coolant is used, it is cir-
rate at the area where it is most required and a minimum
culated through the energy source until brought to a suit-
of thermal energy loss by diffusion into the surrounding
able temperature and then it is applied to the rock to be
medium. The heated face plate 18 melts the rock which

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1344, "chars": 8304, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,396,806
3
may now be called lava, and the downward force exerted
pulling up on cables, not shown, or the pipe supplying
on the lava by the weight of the penetrator, amongst other
the drilling mud. The drilling mud continuously provides
factors, causes it to flow around the face plate and up the
the surface with samples of the rock through which the
channel formed between the walls 20 of the reactor and
reactor is drilling and thus there is no necessity to wait
the walls of the hole. The heated reactor side walls insure 5
for the return of the reactor, for examining rock strata
a liquidous lava condition, which is necessary for a proper
specimens.
injection of the lava through lava nozzles 23, 23 into drill-
The thermal energy required for melting rock by the
ing mud. The lava nozzles are defined by the space be-
embodiment of this invention is comparable to thermal
tween insulator walls 26, 26 which form the top portion
energy required by a heat engine powered mechanical
of the reactor and extend from the refractory walls 20, 20, 10
drill. Furthermore, the drilling rate measured in linear
and other insulating walls 28, 28 which are supported from
depth of hole per second can be higher with this invention
the pads 30, 30 attached to the shell structure 32
than with any other arrangement. The cost per linear foot
The drilling mud comes from a source 33 which may
of hole can also be lower using this embodiment of the in-
be located on the surface. Drilling mud is pumped from
vention than with other methods. Furthermore, a readily
the source through a pipe 34 and at the bottom of the 15
accessible hole is produced through which the embodiment
pipe it drives the rotor of a turbine 36. The turbine 36
of the invention may be recovered at any time and from
drives the shaft 40 on which the impeller 22 of the pump
which a continuous sampling of the material is traversed
of the thermal reactor coolant is mounted.
by the embodiment of the invention is provided. Finally,
The mud, after passing through the blades of the tur-
a continuous, strong impermeable compressively loaded
bine 36, is directed into contact with the lava coming 20 hole casing is formed in-situ and simultaneously with the
through the lava nozzles 23, 23. The drilling mud temper-
hole forming process.
ature is maintained considerably lower than the melting
In connection with the latter statement, the embodi-
temperature of the rock by a high mud circulation rate.
ment of the invention may be controlled so as to melt
Accordingly, the rapid contact of the hot lava with the
a larger diameter hole than is required. The additional
cool drilling mud causes a rapid contraction of the lava, 25
melt-material lines the hole around the circumference of
which fractures the lava, by creating high thermal stress
the reactor nozzles and this material is gradually cooled
concentrations, into a particulate. This particulate is then
to achieve the proper crystalline structure. The upper side
transported to the surface by the drilling mud in a man-
walls of the embodiment of the invention by reason of
ner similar to that presently used for rotary drills. The
the wall smoothing action performed by pads and insu-
drilling mud is pumped under high pressure at the sur-
30 lation 28,
acts to provide a smooth but compressively
face. The mud pump not only causes mud circulation, but
loaded hole casing having sufficient impermeability to pre-
also serves as a hydraulic power source at the bottom of
vent contaminant infiltration into the hole.
the hole. As described, this hydraulic power is converted
FIGURE 3 is a cross-sectional view of a second em-
into shaft power which is utilized to drive the heat trans-
bodiment of the invention and more particularly shows
fer fluid pump and can also drive an electrical generator,
35 a different arrangement for melting the rock with the
if required, which serves as a power supply for both the
heat generated by the reactor. Apparatus in FIGURE 3
reactor control and penetrator guidance apparatus. The
which performs the same function as similar apparatus in
drilling mud returns to the surface through the hole
FIGURE 1 bears the same reference numerals. Thus, the
which has been made where it is fed to drill mud filtering
thermal generator 12 has a pump 22 which pumps the
apparatus 38 for the removal of the particulate. After the
40)
coolant through the cores of the thermal generator and
particulate has been removed, the drill mud is fed back
thereafter into tubes of a heat exchanger 50. Lava is
into the source of drill mud to be used again.
formed by the front end of the heat exchanger coming
The casing 32 encloses the bottom portion of the pipe
in contact with the rock which is melted and then forced
34, which furnishes the drilling mud, as well as auxiliary
upward by the downward pressure of the reactor.
The
equipment. The casing walls, as previously described, serve 45
lava passes along the side of the thermal generator, but
as a support for the pads 30 which together with the in-
this time some of the lava is diverted through nozzles
sulation walls 28 perform the function of controllably
52, 54 into the blades of an impeller 56. This impeller
cooling, smoothing and solidifying the walls of the hole.
has a shaft 58 which is driven from the shaft 40 of the
In addition to the pads 30, there are guidance pads 40
thermal generator coolant impeller 22. The impeller 56
which are supported from the housing 32 and are spaced 50
drives the lava into over and around the tubes of the
around it.
These guidance pads 40 may be actuated to
heat exchanger 50 where its temperature is raised. The
extend against the walls to thereby direct the penetrator
lava flows through the openings 60 in the bottom of the
and thereby the direction of the hole being formed. The
face plate 62 where it then can melt the rock underneath
length of extension of these pads 40 whereby the direc-
the reactor. That portion of the lava which does not fiow
tion taken by the reactor is determined, may be controlled
over the tubes 52, 54 continues up the side of the reactor
55
by a guidance system 42 which provides the required sig
into the lava nozzles 23, 23 whereby it is injected into
nals to pad drive apparatus 44, 46, there being a signal
the drilling mud, as before.
provided for each one of the guide pads 40, if required.
In the embodiment of the invention shown in FIGURE
The guidance system may be any of the well-known de-
3, the heated lava in the heat exchanger is injected at
vices which may be either controlled from the surface by 60
high velocity by the impeller 21 against the strata which
means such as wire, or radio waves, or which may have
is to be melted. The high velocity of the lava increases
built-in direction sensing equipment and a memory where-
the heat transfer rate to the strata and increases the ero-
by error signals may be generated to control the pad drive
sion rate of the strata. Both the higher heat transfer rate
apparatus. An example of a suitable fully automatic
and the erosion markedly increase the drilling rate rela-
tive to the embodiment shown in FIGURE 1.
guidance system may be found described in Exner et al., 65
Patent No. 2,932,471. The control system described there
FIGURE 4 is a cross-section of another embodiment of
may also be used to control the movement of the pads
the invention. Here again, only the thermal generator
40 to direct the motion of the penetrator. A simple manual
portion of the embodiment of the invention is shown since
control system can be one where each pad is driven to
it is only here that there are changes. This modification
move in extension or retraction by a motor directly con- 70
of the invention eliminates the heat exchanger and a sepa-
trolled by means of wires running to the surface, which
rate coolant. The thermal generator 70, if a nuclear re-
wires are connected to a power source and a manually
actor, must necessarily be a fast reactor to minimize the
operated reversing switch.
effect of high neutron cross-section material that may be
When the reactor has drilled to a desired depth, it
encountered in the strata. The thermal generator heats
may be recovered through the same hole it has made, by 75 the coolandt which this time is lava. The lava is ejected

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1252, "chars": 7939, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,396,806
from the thermal generator at high velocity by reason
means to said material includes a coolant, and means for
of the operation of the impeller 72, which is driven from
pumping said coolant through said means for generating
the turbine pump 36. The high temperature high velocity
temperatures to elevate said coolant temperature and then
lava passes through the holes in the face plate 74 and
to a location where said coolant can heat said material to
impinges on the rock, which it readily melts. The molten 5 be melted.
lava then flows up the side walls until it meets a structure
3. Apparatus for tunneling as recited in claim 2 where-
which may be called a diverter 76, 78 which effectively
in said coolant is some of the same molten material as
provides the junction of two tubes 80, 82 and 84, 86. The
the material which is being removed in said tunneling
tubes 80, 82 pass some of the lava through the impeller
4. Apparatus for tunneling as recited in claim 1 where-
72 where it is circulated through the thermal generator 10 in said means for applying heat from said beat generatino
to be reheated and used for melting further strata. The
remaining portion of the lava passes through the nozzles
means to said material includes A-axis pyrolytic graphite
84, 86 which is injected into the drilling mud, as before.
which extends between said means for generating and said
Although the embodiment of the invention shown in
material to be melted and has its A-axis oriented in a di-
FIGURE 4 seems the most direct, it requires the reactor
15 rection for conducting beat therebetween.
material to be compatible with the corrosive lava and
5. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein said means
have desirable nuclear properties, such as a high radia-
for generating temperatures comprises a nuclear reactor.
tion resistance, a low resonance integral, and have a high
6. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein said means
melting temperature. This can restrict the reactor material
for generating temperatures comprises refractory mate-
to a mixed boride (diboride composed of boron-11) or
20 rial, and electrical means for heating said refractory
a oarbide such as silicon carbide or zirconium carbide. It
is necessary to initially prime this embodiment of the
7. Apparatus for tunneling by melting earth and rock
invention with lava or some other suitable liquid, such
comprising heat generating means operable
as are presently used in reactors, i.e. liquid sodium,
ating temperatures higher than the melting temperature of
after which it will continue to function.
25 rock formations in the region of the earth to be pene-
FIGURE 5 shows an arrangement for supplying a
trated, a coolant for said heat generating means, means
reducing agent from the surface to prevent corrosion
for circulating said coolant through said heat generating
and/or oxidation which can occur when the
means for bringing the temperature of said coolant above
comes in contact with the surfaces of the apparatus. The
that required to melt rock, means for applying heat from
reducing agent may be a gas such as hydrogen,
which 30 said coolant to said rock formation to be melted includ-
is supplied from a source 90. A pipe 92 extends from
ing means for pumping said coolant between said heat
the source 90 either down the mud supply pipe 34, as
generating means and a region at which heat from said
shown, or outside of it to the casing 94 of the thermal gen-
coolant is applied to said rock formation, and means for
erator. There the pipe passes through an internal passage-
removing rock which is melted including a source of drill-
way to openings 96, 96, in the front or working end of 35 ing mud, means for pumping said drilling mud to the 1o-
the casing from which the reducing gas is ejected to be
cation of said heat generating means and back, and means
mixed with the molten rock and thus prevent it from caus-
for mixing said melted rock with said returning drilling
mud at the location of said heat generating means.
FIGURE 6 illustrates another arrangement, in accord-
8. Apparatus for tunneling as recited in claim 7 where-
ance with this invention, for applying heat from the ther- 40 in said heat generating means comprises a nuclear re-
mal generator to the earth or rock to melt them. The
rods 100, as before, may generate heat either by having
9. Apparatus for tunneling as recited in claim 7 wherein
electrical energy applied thereto or by reason of the re-
said heat generating means comprises refractory material,
action of the nuclear material of which they are composed.
and means for electrically heating said refractory material.
These rods are in contact with "A-axis" pyrolytic graphite 45
10. Apparatus as recited in claim
7 wherein said
102 which extends to the casing 104 and more particularly
means for applying said coolant to said strata to melt
to the face plate 106. "A-axis"
graphite has the property
said strata comprises a coolant fluid circulating chamber
that it readily conducts heat with little loss along its "A-
enclosing said heat generating means and including a face
axis" or laminar axis and essentially does not conduct heat
plate at one end thereof which is urged against rock to
in other directions. Accordingly heat from the thermal
be melted, and means for directing said coolant in the
generator is conducted to the face plate from the thermal
process of circulation against said face plate to cause
generator rods 100 by the A-axis pyrolytic graphite which
said face plate to assume the temperature of said coolant.
is oriented in the proper direction to do so. The back side
11. Apparatus as recited in claim 7 wherein said means
108 of the casing 104 is made of insulating material.
for applying said coolant to said rock for melting said
The remaining structure of the penetrator, which is 55
rock includes a heat exchanger, means coupling
not shown in FIGURE 6, is the same as is shown in FIG-
heat exchanger to said means for pumping said coolant
URE 1, except that a turbine motor 36 is obviously not
to circulate said coolant through said
heat exchanger,
required with the arrangement shown.
said heat exchanger having an input end and an output
There has accordingly been described and shown here-
end, means for pumping melted rock into the input end
in a novel, useful and unique arrangement for employing go of said heat exchanger for raising its temperature to
a thermal generator such as a nuclear reactor for drilling
that of said coolant and out of the output end of said
holes through the earth's crust.
heat exchanger, means positioning said
What is claimed is:
said heat exchanger for application to rock to be melted,
1. Apparatus for tunneling through material compris-
and nozzle means diverting rock which is melted into
ing, heat generating means for generating temperatures
65 said means for pumping melted rock.
higher than the melting temperature of the material
12. Apparatus as recited in claim 7 wherein said cool-
through which it is desired to tunnel, means for applying
ant is melted strata and said heat generating means in-
heat from said heat generating means to said material to
cludes a face plate having apertures therethrough for
cause it to become molten, means for removing said mol-
directing said coolant toward strata to be melted, and
ten material to leave a hole, means for in situ forming 70
nozzle means for directing starta which is melted into
compressively loaded hole casing from molten material,
said means for pumping coolant.
and means for guiding said heat generating means to de-
13. Apparatus as recited in claim 7 wherein there is
termine the direction of said hole.
included a source of a reducing agent and means for
Apparatus for tunneling as recited in claim 1 where-
applying said reducing agent to said melted rock.
in said means for applying heat from said heat generating 75
14. Apparatus for penetrating subsurface strata com-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2867, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,396,806
prising reactor means for generating temperatures higher
than required for melting said strata, means for applying
the heat generated by said reactor for melting said strata
including a coolant and means for pumping said coolant
through said reactor means to cause said coolant to
approach the temperature
of said reactor means and
then to a location for transferring the heat of said coolant
to rock to be melted, means for driving the pump means,
a source of drilling mud, means for pumping said source
of drilling mud through the hole formed by the melting 10
of rock by said reactor means coolant and back, and
means for removing melted strata from said reactor
means including nozzle means for injecting said melted
strata into said drilling mud for being carried back to said
drilling mud pumping means, means attached to said 15
reactor means for forming and smoothing the walls of
the hole left by the removal of said melted strata, and
means for determining the path taken by said apparatus
through said melted strata.
15. Apparatus
recited in claim 14 wherein said 20
means for determining the path taken by said apparatus
through said melted strata includes
attached to said reactor means and extending rearwardly
Beat one to me it or he is tome say on 20
removal of said melted strata, a plurality of fixed pads
extending from said support means outward to the walls
of said hole formed by the removal of said melted strata.
said fixed guide pads being located spaced from said 30
movable guide pads and closed to said reactor means,
and means for adjusting the lengths of extension of said
movable guide pads to thereby direct the path being taken
by said reactor means at a predetermined angle.
16. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 wherein there is
source of reducing agent, and means for
applying said reducing agent to said melted strata.
17. Apparatus for tunneling through subsurface strata
comprising reactor means
for generating temperatures
higher than required for melting said strata, means for
applying the heat generated by said reactor means to
said strata for melting said strata comprising A-axis pyro-
lytic graphite extending from said reactor means to said
strata with its A-axis oriented to guide heat from said
reactor means to said strata, a source of drilling mud,
means for pumping said drilling mud from said source
to the vicinity of said melted strata and back to said
source, means for mixing said melted strata with said
drilling mud to carry said melted strata away, and means
for controlling the direction taken by said apparatus for
References Cited
UNITED STATES PATENTS
4/1928 Crawshaw -
2/1933 Aarts et al.
3/1956 Aitchison
8/1961 Simnad -
7/1964 Gaskell et al.
1,993,642,
3/1935 Aarts et al.
FOREIGN PATENTS
217,265
9/1958 Australia.
CHARLES E. O'CONNELL, Primary Examiner.
I. A. CALVERT, Assistant Examiner.
