{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:56:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 206639, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115188-dr-steven-greer-meeting-with-james-woolsey-former-cia-director-proof-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "a71379db35532e428dd20bf56586a96256488ecafac7d94412be9c74eb36df1d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 542, "chars": 3325, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I am certain that
knew the UFOs were real and that a very deep cover project was running that area - a project
which had kept the CIA Director himself in the dark.
Later in their letter,
et al complain that my conduct "contravenes ... simple manners". Manners? I was on
Larry King Live over 9 months after the meeting with the CIA Director. But this meeting was not disclosed, because Mr.
was still in ofice and I felt decorum necessitated silence regarding such meetings. I have behaved with the utmost
restraint and have disclosed such matters only after very careful consideration. Indeed, I would not be writing this letter
except that
at CNI plans to publish Mr.
'sanitized' account of the briefing and has compelled me to
write. (Why 1
et al would make such a letter available to Lindemann is beyond me.) 1 made no pact of silence
regarding such meetings. And since disclosing this meeting, I have always portrayed
and his wife as people
seeking the truth of such matters and as people who wanted excessive secrecy ended. Peraps I was wrong...
Manners? Indeed - if anything, perhaps I have been too restrained.
Good 'manners' as it pertains to this subject means speaking the truth - and being willing to stand up for it. Good manners
would be public servants such as
and others doing the right thing and working ardently for the truth
to be told regarding UFOs and ETI. Good manners should mean being more concerned for the health of our democracy and
the constitution than covering-up the import and purpose of such a briefing. And good manners would be joining in the effort
to disclose a matter which, once made public, would allow earth-saving technologies to be revealed which would halt the
wholesale destruction of our eco-system.
As a very busy emergency doctor in NC, with 4 young daughters, I assure you that we did not make that brief trip to
Washington DC on December 13, 1993 to sight-see or just to have dinner. But rather, we made that joumey to plead for the
end of super - secret projects which are being withheld from the people so that our democracy could be made whole and our
children's future made sustainable.
The current attempt to minimize, obfuscate or cover-up the purpose and details of this briefing with the CIA Director is quite
disconcerting -and strange. Why I
and the others would write such a letter is unknown to me, We can only
speculate. I stand by my account. But now, perhaps the time has come for "we the people' to demand that current and
former officials such as CIA Director
and the President be held responsible for the the lack of action on resolving this
most pressing problem. After all, we pay their salaries, provide their perks - and they represent us. It is not i who needs
defense. My actions over these long years have spoken my commitment. But we still await action from our elected and
appointed officials. As the earth groans under the weight of the errosive and corrupting influences of big money and special
interests, I wonder just how much longer we shall have to wait...
I think it is time that the American people demand that the waiting time be over.
Steven M. Greer M.D.
SETI Director
23 Sentember 1999
This letter may be reproduced but ONLY in its entirety.
copyright 1999 Steven M. Greer M.D.
Thursday, Septembar 23, 1989 CompuServo: DiSGreer
Page: 2
