{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T04:38:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3393556, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115197-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-from-john-peterson-re-james-woolsey-former-cia-director-december-3-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "bfdc2b6fd8e6a9e1ebbc2a079816b9952e11332d1a836d18a51b2fd727b4a295"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 2942, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Memorandum
xXXXX
XXXX
X
XXX
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Steve Greer
3 December 1993
Security
I talked to X
I this morning and he suggested getting together over dinner. He was not
aware of your organization or that anyone was planning such an announcement. He seemed
genuinely surprised. This almost certainly means that, 1) there is an active attempt being
made at lower levels of government to sabotage Project Starlight, 2) this group almost certainly
has tapped your phones and is aware of most of the details of your plans, 3) they are feeding
information gathered from their collection (like the fact that you might be meeting with
Woolsey) back to you in a negative way, and, 3) there is no Aquarian Group.
Up until now, you have been an interesting operation that these folks in the government have
been keeping an eye on, etc. If we do have the dinner with Jim, we will have moved this whole
thing to a much, much higher plane and in doing so raised significant red flags for those who
don't want to see this succeed. Operation Starlight will become a serious threat to the status
quo. In the same way that you wouldn't volunteer all of your most detailed plans to one of the
most inflammatory members of the UFO "ghetto," knowing that he or she would use it to work
against your ends, so you must not volunteer sensitive information to others who would have
similar objectives.
Meetings with people like
‹y must be kept very closely guarded. I have not even told
about it. I just told her that we were having some people over for dinner on the 14th.
There is no good reason to tell others about these things unless they have a "need to know,"
particularly because in doing so you alert the opposition. In this case, Jim will almost certainly
have someone check you and your organization out before our dinner. If the opposition
knows what is going on, they can obviously influence that report ( perhaps so much so that
Woolsey cancels.) We must not let that happen.
Woolsey and other national leaders like him have huge stakes at risk in meeting with people
like you. In addition to personal reputations, etc., they represent our country at the highest
levels and have a responsibility for the wellbeing (such as it is) of the society. Their every
move is projected, writ large, on the giant screen of public opinion and is always vulnerable to
the indefatigable scrutiny and prying of the press. They must be very careful when they get
"out of the box." Remember the story you told me about the reaction by Pell to the suggestion
of a new approach in foreign relations. Remember my characterization: They are not
risk-takers. Just think of what it would do to our ability to deal with him in the future if, like
the Rockefeller meeting, it became known in the leadership of the "ghetto" that we were talking
to him. That would get back to him and we would never have access to him or anyone else of
substance in the government again.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2785, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I know that you are not used to these kinds of things, but you are at the place where you must
start thinking like a statesman rather than the director of a nonprofit organization in North
Carolina. You must understand that great principalities and powers will oppose your plans -
if they know about them. I am not suggesting a major lifestyle shift, but just common
prudence. Stop and think before telling someone about a sensitive aspect of the project if it is
important that the person know, and if they tell someone else, what might the effect be. This is
an extremely important project that we are pursuing. We must begin to act like it is as
important (and explosive) as it is.
Although you have a wonderful understanding of what this all means in the end, and how
important it is, with absolutely enormous respect for you let me suggest that you may not yet
have a very good grasp of the magnitude and hazards of the mid-term process that starts to get
us to the objective. I have often thought of the government and our society like a human body.
You can scuff it and abrade it and it doesn't respond seriously. But the moment you
If we can insert this thing quickly enough at a high enough level, a good deal of the risk will be
eliminated. But in any case, those who would like to scuttle the project and have the means to
monitor it will continue to pass information to other groups outside of government
(arch-conservatives, fundamentalist religious groups, etc.) who will always be a problem. We
will win at this if we are smart about how we do it. We will not if we are not.
Remember: the most powerful people in the world will have a deep, compelling interest in
our activities and will use everything at their disposal to effect their objectives.
I am having a security plan drawn up by a friend and should have something for you soon. In
the mean time, if the portable phone in your kitchen does not have an encryption function on it
you should not use it to talk about SETI affairs. Any kid with a scanner within a one mile
radius of your home can monitor those calls. We should not be broadcasting this stuff.
I do believe that we must get a bulletin board up and running soon.
This problem may not be as significant as it appears - but if so, we will have just added some
insurance that assures our success.
Regarding the dinner, if you thought it was a good idea I would like to invite down Laurence
Rockefeller and his wife to join us that evening. If he would be willing to do so it would
communicate important things to X
that should attend this discussion. You should call him
from your hotel in Las Vegas (or a pay phone in Asheville) and talk to him directly (not
Diamond.) The dinner party will be
and me, and
one other couple.
Heep up toed Good work
.. "
