{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T07:45:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2586128, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115183-global-power-station-dr-brian-o-leary.pdf", "source_sha256": "4668985f774e6366c2418f180af932ddd13e68c703c7bdc88340b0ec5585c50e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 162, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Global
Power
Station
Maui, Hawaii
A Center for enlightenment,
empowering both people and the planet.
Draft Concept Design
Brian O'Leary, President
Alabal Damar 9

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1161, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global
Power
Station
Maui, Hawaii
A Center jor enüightenment,
empowering both people and the planet.
"We are on a journey toward authentic power, and...authentic empowerment is the goal of our
evolutionary process and the purpose of our being. We are evolving from a species that pursues
external power into a species that pursues authentic power. We are leaving behind exploration of
the physical world as our sole means of evolution. This means of evolution, and the consciousness
that results from an awareness that is limited to the five-sensory modality, are no longer adequate to
what we must become".
-From The Seat of the Soul by Gary Zukav
Purpose:
1. To provide a forum for the evolution of conscious awareness within individuals
and groups by providing knowledge, understanding and enlightenment for a
sustainable and positive global future.
To provide a forum and laboratory for the exploration and discovery of new
science and art, leading to a worldwide awakening in consciousness.
To set an example of the new paradigm that we are living in now through an
aesthetic, ecologically balanced physical and spiritual structure of the center
itself.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2339, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION
As we rapidly approach the new millennium, many of us perceive that our
Global Village is on the threshold of colossal change. Our science seems to have
become hopelessly destructive. The Earth appears on the brink of death/ resurrec-
tion, yet we seem helpless in the face of unprecedented collective insensitivity
about our precious physical environment. Can we make a difference?
Absolutely. A recent public survey suggests that a growing constituency of
Americans (now one fourth or 44 million of us) believe in re-greening the Earth.
We feel this is a wave of the future coming upon us very soon.
We know the cleanup will be a big job. Yet the time is nigh that we start the
journey. Recent scientific research is making it increasingly clear that conscious-
ness is the foundation of a new paradigm of science which is turning materialistic
physics literally upside down. Environmental preservation, free energy and trans-
portation, healing with the mind, communication with nonhumn intelligence, group
energy alignments, self-sufficient community and blending with nature are the
emerging technologies of the new paradigm as we begin to understand our greater
essence.
The Global Power Station was founded as an example of the new para-
digm. One could conceive of this as a university of the twenty first century, as an
institute of Eden, as a research and learning center for the acquisition of what
Gary Zukav calls authentic power, as a place to heal, reflect, interact and vision.
We picked the following runes which represent these foundational qualities of
the center: love, compassion, wisdom and serenity.
The Global Power Station on Maui will provide an idyllic tropical setting
for advanced studies of this emerging paradigm. The power we will be producing
does not require smokestacks, it does not pollute the air, deplete the oil or make
noise. There will be no wires like those of our existing grid system.
The power we envision creating is not only clean electricity. It more re-
sembles a Zen web of consciousness radiating out of nodal points communicating
the new, empowering others and leading to an eventual global awakening. We
plan to gather top new paradigm scientists, artists and leaders to form an enlight-
ened community, faculty, students and staff. We plan to video, audio, write, heal,
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 997, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
study, teach, learn, build, paint, play music, and convene retreats, educational and
leadership workshops and healing seminars.
The Seven Sacred Substations could be thought of as departments of the
university, but in this case much more interactive. As the following concept sketch
shows, newcomers to the station would first pass through the community/health
substation for healing and grief work around their personal paradigm shift.
They would then pursue a curriculum of a blend of substation "majors":
bonding, sacred art, sacred science, consciousness research and communication
with nonhuman intelligence.
We plan to be self-sufficient as soon as possible (food, money, energy, health
care, etc.). This will empower us to be free in making wise choices about our
future, or in the event we islanders somehow get cut off from the rest of the
world.
We invite you to puruse this draft concept design. We welcome ideas.
This is a co-creation serving a higher purpose which is just beginning.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 581, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GLOBAL POWER STATION and
The Seven Sacred Substations
SPIRIT/ ESSENCE
New Renaissance;
Enlightenment
7
Sacred Art
Beauty
and Harmony
of Eden
6
Bonding
Love
Loving Community
5
Community/
Health
In-flow of People
and Resources
Serenity
ROUND
TABLE
Compassion
4
Manifesting in
the world
NETWORKING
WITH THE
WORLD
Outflow of New Ideas
and Products
5
1
Sacred Science
Wisdom
RESEARCH
Deep Ecology,
Healing, Planetary Awakening
2
Free Energy,
Consciousness
and Healing
Research
Magic made Manifest
3
Communication
w/ Non-human
Intelligence
Communications
substations
and media
EDUCATION

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2724, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE SEVEN SACRED SUBSTATIONS
(Faculty will serve on one or more of these)
"Build it and they will come"
- from the film Field of Dreams
SACRED SCIENCE
This is the science underlying the unity of all things; the new broader whole-systems para-
digm which transcends materialistic reductionism. This new science embraces research in con-
sciousness, free energy, healing, the survival of death, etc. Here we join metaphysics with physics,
spirit with the material world, East with West, myth and synchronicity as hypothesis to higher
realities, gateways to higher dimensions. We will work closely with our colleagues at the Society
for the Universal Human, Institute of Noetic Sciences, International Association for New Science,
the Esalen Institute, the California Institute for Integral Studies and others to develop an innovative
program of scientific research and education.
2. CONSCIOUSNESS, FREE ENERGY AND HEALING RESEARCH
In-house theoretical and experimental research will lead to manufacturing devices that will
supplant a polluting energy industry. We will also conduct research in psychokinesis using random
event generators as monitors of the degree of group coherence. In this way, we may learn the
secrets of manifestation and of an eventual awakening to universal consciousness.
We will also teach healing and metal bending and connect with leading miracle workers
such as Sai Baba, Uri Geller and Thomaz Green Morton. Developing these ideas will eventually
enable us to responsibly create our own realities. Here we also conceive scenarios of a sustainable
global future based on deep ecology in concert with the emerging technologies of consciousness.
3. COMMUNICATING WITH NONHUMAN INTELLIGENCE
This communications substation includes research on understanding and developing links
with all of nature. Included are whales, dolphins, aliens, angels, deceased loved ones, nature spirits
and Gaia herself. We are planning to also study the implications of crop circles and Mars anoma-
lies. And we will set up experiments designed to communicate with the deceased using "Moody
mirrors". Consciousness-altering methods such as meditation, ceremony, rebirthing, holotropic
breathing and sensory deprivation tanks will be explored in attempting to contact other beings and
realities.
Active ongoing participation with groups in revealing secret information on UFOs, and
sponsoring field trips designed to interact with UFOs, could make the Global Power Station a true
interdimensional and extraterrestrial communications station. Results will be folded into scenarios
for developing sustainable global policies. This substation is dedicated to the peaceful outreach
and interaction with the nonhuman universe.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2649, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4. MANIFESTING IN THE WORLD
This well-equipped video, audio, photographic, publications, information and entertainment
center will provide an on-going recording of events at the Station as well as new information and
global updates obtainable on the Internet, leading to the production of educational and entertaining
products to be marketed world wide. We also plan to have courses in marketing and manifesting,
public events and children's programs, coordinating with other Maui institutions such as the Cyber
cafe and the Arts and Cultural Center.
The goal of this Maui and global outreach is the peaceful and empowering interaction with the
human world. The Global Power Station will also be an idyllic retreat for world leaders-a place for
them to reflect on greater essence and to make peace for one another in these times of great change.
5. COMMUNITY AND HEALTH
This is the operational hub that will ranage the daily business of the station: personnel, finan-
cial management, events, logistics, guest speakers, storefront interfaces, food production, native Ha-
waiian activities and other community needs. Incomers will pass through this point to become healed
and otherwise acclimated to the refined community and environment of the Station. We introduce the
concept of paradigm counseling, where individuals and groups are advised how to overcome their
resistance to the new paradigm and how to grieve the old. The goal is to have things running so
smoothly that faculty and students are free to do their creative work.
6.
BONDING
This circle uniquely focuses on relationship enhancement to increase the feeling of harmony
(and therefore productivity) on campus for the students, faculty and staff. Activities include spiritual
marriage counseling and ceremonies, therapy, natural healing, evolutionary circles, facilitating work-
shops and retreats and group spirit building. Collaborating with substation #2, we will employ random
event generators to monitor and to provide feedback on the degree of group focus.
7.
SACRED ART
This center (perhaps called Tranquillity Base) will focus on the Venetian beauty of the property
(geomancy, ecological design, serenity, etc.) as well as provide an opportunity for leading artists, writ-
ers, craftspeople, musicians and performers to experience, create and teach within the awe and wonder
of Eden.
STOREFRONT / RESTAURANT / GALLERY /
AUDITORIUM / VISITORS' CENTER
This is the for-profit sector open to the public near the main road. Products created by faculty
and updated literature, videos, music, art, gifts, etc. will be shown and be sold as well as a schedule of
events and lectures.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1360, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ROUND TABLE
Sacred Art and Sacred Science will join in the sanctity of gatherings, cer-
emony and the acquisition of ancient wisdom through Hawaiian and other traditions,
storytelling, and using myth as hypothesis. At the Round Table will be gathered
visionaries for the Earth and its inhabitants, to formulate new policies for an enlight-
ened future, embodied by wisdom, compassion, love and serenity.
The Global Power Station will also be an idyllic retreat for world leaders - a
place for them to reflect a greater essence and to make peace with one another under
common cause.
SOME REFLECTIONS....
Where there was once battle, peace can be brought back to Gaia's heart. We
live on a newly birthed piece of land in the center of the ring of fire. Maui is the
heart, throbbing in once fiery lava. Hawaiian legend says that Maui was a warrior
who lassooed the sun and slowed it down so we could have time, so we could experi-
ence life on Eden, so we can learn to innovate and to grow together.
Whatever emanates from this center, peacemakers can send forth the message
for the New Eden, as a possibility of deepening relationship, of shared vision, of
bonding.
We forgive the past, and move on into new relationship. And so it goes for the
entire Earth and its inhabitants as we enter the great uncertainties and opportunities
of the next millennium.
8
