{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:18:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1109894, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115261-president-sarkozy-french-president-letter-from-dr-steven-greer-re-briefing-document-feb-27-2009.pdf", "source_sha256": "42481b39db8d97bbfada85996915f2213540f2ce4b56d281a2b1dc1a75f6c91c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2151, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE DISCLOSURE PROJECT
THE CENTER FOR THE STUDY OF EXTRATERRESTRIAL INTELLIGENCE
STEVEN M. GREER MD - FOUNDER AND DIRECTOR
27 February 2009
Dear President
It is an honor to convey to you this sensitive and comprehensive Briefing Document which we have
recently provided to President Barack Obama, Secretary of Defense Gates, Chairman of the House Select
Committee on Intelligence Reyes, CIA Director Panetta and Secretary of Homeland Security Napolitano,
among others.
We view your leadership among the European Union countries as essential to the future progress of
Disclosure, ending illegal secrecy on the UFO/ET matter, bringing forward the wondrous new sciences
that will give humanity clean and limitless energy without pollution, and most importantly, establishing
at long last a peaceful and ongoing diplomatic relationship with these interstellar visitors.
Indeed the vital role of French leadership in global diplomacy provides for us great hope that, in
collaboration with the US and other nations, we will advance quickly to a time of diplomatic Contact and
universal peace, so long awaited by mankind.
In President Obama, we believe you will find a man of great capacity and sincerity to advance these
objectives in the coming months. Moreover, many of the recalcitrant elements within the US military
and industrial structure are now viewing such disclosures favorably. It is time for change.
I stand ready to assist you and your advisers in any way and at any time to further your understanding of
this complex matter and to establish a course of peaceful diplomacy, public disclosure and scientific
advancement. We have before us an opportunity that, if managed wisely, will become one of the
greatest moments of transformation in human history.
Please let me know if you have any questions, and feel free to contact me with assurances of the
strictest confidentiality at any time. I hope you find this Briefing helpful and look forward to furthering
with you Franco-American cooperation in the cause of universal peace and human advancement.
Best always,
Star plung
teven M. Greer MI
Director, CSETI and The Disclosure Project
Email:
