{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:07:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 290307, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115287-letter-from-john-petersen-the-arlington-institute-to-dr-steven-greer-1-25-94.pdf", "source_sha256": "bedc4f3a1fbc991a7defa3a36de63646188a37e9c2e8e9924c45eb785c608020"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 2835, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Memorandum
THE ARLINGTON INSTITUTE
To:
From:
Date:
Sulject:
Steve Greer
25 January 1994
Strategy Meeting
Steve, if I heard you correctly, you said that two members of the strategy committee were
called and encouraged not to attend the meeting. It seems to me that there are only three ways
that that information would be available to someone outside of your organization: your phones
are tapped, someone on the strategy committee is more than they have represented they are, or
in other conversations you or
have communicated to someone outside of the
committee who is on the committee and when and where the meeting will take place.
The problem with
he historical information you have told me, about how others
have attempted to co-op CSETI, and some of the historical examples of similar activity that are
in Above Top Secret, make it not at all far fetched to believe that among other things, someone
on the committee is reporting on your activities. It is a reasonable concern.
If just money was at stake here - say a corporate strategy about a new product launch -
extraordinary security precautions would be in place that would clearly identify what could
not be communicated, and who one could talk to about what. Any leaks would provide great
leverage to the competition and threaten the life of the company and the jobs of the individuals
involved.
In this case, we have the most important project in human history (as we know it) complete
with a very experienced and sophisticated opponent who has unusual capabilities and is intent
upon making sure that you do not succeed. Until we are able to put other pieces of the puzzle
in place, the most valuable ammunition that the opponents have is information on what CSETI
is doing and planning to do. And they can only get that from you.
You should assume that every conversation you have on any of your phones is being listened
to. Picture it in your mind: someone seated at a computer console with a set of earphones anc
he ability at a moment's notice to switch to any other phone number he or she wants at a
moment's notice. Think of it every time you pick up the phone. When you are in a hotel, the
second you have called your office, every other conversation from your room phone could well
be monitored. They can follow you around the world.
Consider that every fax that you send is being read by someone in the FBI who is collecting
information for only one purpose: to assure that you fail - something that cannot be allowed to
happen.
With those things in mind, consider that, like Luke Skywalker flying against the death star,
there are a small number of things associated with our plans that, if destroyed, could in turn
destroy the whole operation. These key pieces of information must be protected and controlled
at all cost. Very few people must know about them.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3178, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
;
Additionally, we must guard against communicating things that cause the opposition to feel
threatened. If they do, they will not hesitate to strike out to preempt.
So, we must:
•
Assume we are penetrated, and therefore always on guard about what is said and
otherwise communicated
Identify and protect our most valuable information from disclosure
• Give no suggestion of threat to the opposition
What must we protect?
1. We must protect the knowledge about how sophisticated we might be. We must give the
appearance of not being threatening. Our sources and contacts must not be known. Not
even alluded to, in most cases. There is no reason to tell other researchers who have
pending FOIA requests that, "We have contact with a very high government official..."
For the bad guys, that puts up a red flag - we threaten them - and it is not at all necessary
for accomplishing what is needed. Simply saying that we have a new source that thinks
that he can get FOIA requests out of the government is quite adequate. We must take
David Gergen's name out of the material. We must all fight against the natural desire to
impress others with who we are talking to and how sophisticated we are in terms of the
execution of Project Starlight.
2. We must resolutely protect those key pieces of information that have the potential of
undoing the whole operation. That includes, at least, the identity of the government
witnesses, any meetings with high-level government officials (in the U.S. and abroad),
original BAE photos and videos, names of benefactors. Never leave sensitive materials in
hotel rooms or any other place. [In the government, there are briefcases with a handcuff on
them, to assure that the carrier never lets them out of his or her sight.]
3. We must compartmentalize the information. Unless there is a particular need to do so, we
should not list the names of all of the key players on any one document. Strategy people
should be kept separate from briefing folks, and advisory board, etc. That way no one gets
the whole picture easily.
4. We must use the strategy committee as a resource group = to generate ideas, etc. = but not
to actually build the strategy. They should not carry away any complete plans or a detailed
outline of what will actually happen to who, when. They should not, for instance know
about The Eddie Mahe Company, by name. We can talk about a consulting firm that might
help us, but not more.
5. We must not write about activities that would cause specific apprehension by the opposition.
Instead of putting something about a building a strategy for dealing with a black command
and control organization in the agenda for the strategy meeting, just say, "Anticipating
problems," or something like that. We must then be careful what we say about all that in
the meeting. The group should be used to solicit ideas, but not to build the plan.
This project is of extraordinary importance, and as Eddie and Ladonna say in the attached
memo, it may all hinge on the credibility of CSETI. In any case, we must begin to start to act
like it will and put in place a new framework for dealing with each other and those outside of
the organization.
