{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:47:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 564471, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115267-memorandum-to-john-petersen-the-arlington-institute-re-project-starlight-1-6-94.pdf", "source_sha256": "7bf337e4459b6f000355d351e055f572bc113e71ecd478a1b6a5dbdf4c7fa7a0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2126, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
WORLDTRENDS RESEARCH
January 6, 1994
MEMORANDUM TO:
FROM:
RE:
Project Starlight
The Blowie As Some random though one readin, the remoral are maria!
too original.
1) Project Starlight must be done right the first time. It must be the manitestation of
perfection and attention to detail. If it's unconvincing or second-rate in any manner, it
will be a long time before there's a second chance.
To help achieve such perfection, is it worth considering bringing on board Project
Starlight someone who has had extensive experience in conceiving and managing a
major public announcement? While you certainly don't want to turn the project over to
any PR "expert", there might be value in having someone who is intimately associated
with the information industry as a resource. Such a resource might help provide both
strategy and contacts.
2) This is indeed a global event. So where are the knowledgeable Japanese, Germans,
Russians et al in the planning process. For maximum effect, this should not be
something planned by Americans, who then bring the rest of the world in on it. The
announcement should be planned by representatives of the world. Unless that's done,
Project Starlight runs the risk of not being conceived and implemented in a truly global
perspective. Having representatives of the rest of the world in the planning process--as
well as the briefing process--will add dimensions that would not otherwise be included
and it will avoid some problems that would inevitably arise otherwise.
3) Credibility. This is perhaps the highest criteria. Everything conceivable should be
done to achieve highest credibility. I think Steve said that both Presidents Carter and
Reagan had seen UFOs, or at least they are convinced of their existence. If that's the
case, why not try to get them both to be present at the announcement. The same goes
for Billy Graham. What world renown scientists will attend the announcement?
Adding to credibility, the overview paper suggests the venue for the announcement
should be the U.N. If this happens, would Secretary General Boutrous Boutrous-Ghal
open the announcement conference?
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 2830, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4) Unless I missed it, the commentary an
the media doesn't mention a global TV
hookup for the announcement. Would
carry this live, globally on CNN?
5) Vice President Gore. Would he be the best entre into the Clinton Administration?
He's more likely to be in tune with Project Starlight than is
Would Gore
attend the announcement? Would he get his counterpart from other countries to attend?
5) Minor point, but avoid cliches. "An idea whose time has come" is mentioned a
couple of times. The arrival of ETI is far more than that. Also, avoid any mention oi
a "world government". Mention that, and political figures will flee, and the media will
pigeonhole the whole effort.
?) Steve asks of ETI and humans, "What is our common ground?" "Conscious
intelligence" is certainly part of the answer. I would add: (a) We share the same
origins; origins which are approximately 15 billion years old. (b) We both have a
creative, purposeful awareness, which is the essence of life. (c) We both have the
capacity for positive energy, the expression of which perhaps ought to be a primary
aim of any eventual contact with ETI.
8) Awareness. In one sense, the history of the human race is the story of expanding
awareness.
"Let there be light" is essentially the recording of the birth of conscious
awareness. That awareness has taken giant strides forward at various points over the
last 3500 years.
The last one hundred or so years has seen the greatest stride forward, as humans'
awareness that we all are an inherent part of one species has been heightened by the
telegraph, telephone, television, airplânes, etc. What we knew theoretically became
the stuff of daily economics and geopolitics.
More than any. For decade in histore cos that the human race first e interes of the
present extent. For it was during the
Earth taken from, first, space, and then the moon. Seeing the Earth trom the moon
was a seminal event in human history, both scientifically and psychologically, for we
suddenly saw human existence as it actually is, not as our ideologies, religions and
prejudices have portrayed it. We suddenly saw ourselves as one human unit, without
all the national, cultural or ethnic boundaries by which we had defined ourselves tor
centuries. Adjusting to this new condition has been the propelling force of events tor
the past quarter century.
The arrival of ETI on Earth will be another definitive stride forward in our awareness
absorb the expansion of awareness that's taken place as a result of seeing Earth tron
Dace. We haven't yet integrated that into our psyche, to say nothing of our cultural
But my point is that the announcement in April should be couched in terms of the
ontinuing unfolding of awareness of the oneness of the human family. This is th
latest in a long series of milestones in that expanding awareness
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1747, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9) Following on what has been said in the previous section is the issue of identity.
The question of identity is a critical issue at the heart of every signiticant problem with
which the world is grappling. The concept of nationhood no longer defines us as it
once did. Ethnicity no longer defines us, as we see ourselves as part of one human
community. (To some degree, most of today's ethnic struggles, from the streets of LA
to the hills of Bosnia, are people rebelling against moving beyond the psychologica
security of their ethnicity.) Religions have lost the inner dynamic that historically gave
them their force and shaped culture, and in this sense, religion no longer detines us,
although people may turn to it as a source of solace.
"Who am I, and where do I fit
into the larger scheme of life?" is the crucial question confronting everyone in the
world, whether or not we articulate it as such.
Clearly, the arrival of ETI is going to magnify the issue of identity. So the whole
announcement should be conceived not in terms of transmitting spectacular information
about an epoch-shaping event, but in terms designed to assure people, and to ease
people forward in their own perception of who we are. The announcement should not
be solely an informational process; above all, it must be an educational process, and it
e handled with the tenderness and compassion with which a great psychologist woul
reat a patient for whom he has the deepest concern. Thus the central purpose of
Project Starlight should not be limited to the announcement of ETI per se; the central
urpose should be to use the announcement and subsequent briefings to encourage an
ntice our human attitudes and emotions to move forward and to accept and explore th
*

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 1116, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TIME I I NE
15 billion years ago
•
10-14 billion years
ago
5 billion years ago
4.5 billion years ago
4.45 billion years ago
4 billion years ago
700 million years ago
235 million years ago
216 million years ago
30 million years ago
2.6 million years ago
1.5 million years ago
500,000 years ago
40,000 years ago
35,000 years ago
10,600 years ago
3500 B.C.
1700 B.C
1200 B.C.
The universe begins as stupendous
energy, evolving into the
gravitational, strong nuclear, weak
nuclear, and electromagnetio
interactions.
The universe breaks into galactic
clouds.
The primal stars appear.
A disclike cloud floats in the
orion arm of the Milky Way Galaxy.
sun is born.
Earth brings forth an atmosphere,
oceans and continents.
The first prokaryotic cell emerges.
The first multicellular animal
appears.
Dinosaurs appear.
First mammals.
First apes.
First humans.
Hunters; homo erectus.
Clothing, shelter, fire, hand axes.
Language develops.
Occupation of the Americas.
Settlements in the Middle East.
Sumerian civilization; cuneiform
writing.
origins of the alphabet in
Palestine.
Greek settlements. Exodus of Israel
from Egypt.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 1046, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
/
/
560 B.C.
509 B.C.
4 B.C.
410 A.D.
650 A.D.
1095 A.D.
1492 A.D.
1543 A-D
1609 A.D.
1687 A.D.
1809 A.D.
1831 A.D.
1876 A.D.
1900 A.D.
1903 A.D.
1905 A.D.
1924 A.D.
•
1929 A.D.
1945 A.D.
Confucius in China; Buddha in
India.
Founding of Roman Republic.
Jesus.
Fall of Rome.
Muslim empire.
Crusades.
Columbus sails to America.
Copernican revolution.
Galileo builds first telescope.
Newton explains modern view of the
universe.
Lamarck traces evolutionary
sequence from lower forms to higher
forms of life.
Invention of the telegraph,
enabling human thought instantly
to transcend distance.
Human voice first transcends large
distances with the invention of the
telephone.
Planck announces first steps toward
quantum theory.
Humans separate themselves from
Earth for the first time with the
first successful airplane.
Einstein alters basic understanding
of time, space, motion, matter and
energy •
Invention of television, enabling
immediate sight to transcend
distance.
Hubble provides evidence that the
universe is expanding.
Atomic age arrives.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 366, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
1965 A.D.
1969 A.D.
1992 A.D.
1947-94 A.D.
We origin on zie universvidence of
Humans first explore
extraterrestrial landmass by
landing on the moon.
Verification made that contact has
been established with radiation
left over from the "Big Bang", the
beginning of space, time and
matter.
Evidence accumulates that
extraterrestrial life-form is
studying Earth.
*
-
