{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T14:21:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1528660, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115251-ufo-sighting-reports-san-luis-valley-co-chris-o-brien-file-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "8d0b4ea16df6b41f29dde58b3b636f304fcd36c971ae89d616259b1de986918c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1787, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, Santuis valley
updates
Myself and XXXXXXX see 30 to 40' boomerang-shaped object that appears to be 4 or 5 miles away.
Appears to land with a fast falling-leaf pattern. Near Crestone
Saguache County (O'Brien / Storey)
Sat. May 29, 1993 10:00 pm (8 after FM)
3 witnesses see 9 helicopter gunships in formation coming from Bonanza area to the north heading south
over Moffat. ID# Numbers but no other markings.
Small old fashioned yellow helicopter seen following above Army vehicle south to north on Highway 17, two
hours later.
Saguache County (O'Brien)
Thur July 1, 1993 9:30 pm (2 before FM)
"Locomotive light" seen southern boundry of Great San Dunes Monument 10 min duration
Alamosa County (Fred Bunch)
Fri and Sat July 2, 3, 1993 (1 before and FM)
Same light seen same location as 7/1/93
Alamosa County (Fred Bunch)
Mon. August 1 through Thur. August 4, 1993
Helicopters seen all over Saguache,
Huerfano and Alamosa Counties. (O'Brien)
(FM 1, 2, 3, after)
Mon August 1, 1993
(FM)
Young bull mutilated on Silver Mountain. Jerry Wood, Rectum, genitals, perfect circled precice cuts Under
powerline, no preditors
Huerfano County (David Perkins)
Mon August 1, 1993 (FM)
A 3 year old heifer mutilated on Sheep Mountain, Farasita CO. Snout cut, rectum cored, some preditor
action on leg
Huerfano County (David Perkins)
Thur August 4, 1993 (4 after FM)
2 black helicopters seen over our house, late at night A red beam of light connected them
Crestone/Baca
Saguache County (O'Brien)
Thur August 19, 1993 1:30 am (1 after NM)
English woman named "Hetty," housesitting in the Baca, sees two red orbs of light against the Sangres.
Dog went "Bonkers." Lights hovered momentarily as dog let out a "mournful how!.," then streaked sideways
to the north. Object appeared to be 2 to 3 miles away.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2871, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Saguache County (O'Brien)
Thur August 19, 1:30 am
(1 after NM)
XX
XXX couldn't sleep, had a sense of fear that she has never had while living in Crestone. After
turning the lights on and checking the living room, she went back to bed and observed 12 - 15, 3 1/2' - 4°
grey-type entities come through the eastern wall of her bedroom, just after she had lay down in bed. "They
had huge almond eyes, were slightly built and bald. When they were entering the room, they "looked like
water, you could see right through them" They seemed to her to be "completely indifferent", but "coldly
curious." They didn't seem hostile." She has never had an experience like this before and has never been
interested in UFOs. "My feet are firmly planted on the ground, I was not imagining it!" She didn't smell
anything, the beings had nothing in their hands. They "glided in unison." Witness submitted drawing of
the beings. 5 or 6 minute duration before she asked them to leave. They left the same way they entered.
Saguache County (O'Brien)
-
Thur August 26, 9:30 pm (6 before NM)
While driving east on Road T, sees a "V-formation" of three circular craft headed from the
mountains west out over the valley. She stopped the car, got out to get a better look. The craft were
traveling at a high rate of speed until they got overhead when they slowed down. She could not estimate
their size or altitude, but did see sequencing lights around the rim of the craft. As the three objects got
overhead, two of them blinked out a one hovered for a couple of minutes before it blinked out as well. She
noticed a humming that she felt rather than heard.
Saguache County (O'Brien)
Wed September 1, 1993 9:30 pm
(FM)
Large "saucer shaped" object seen hovering over NE corner of Blanca Pks by multiple witnesses.
Window/colored lights seen through hi-powered binoculars 100 min duration, Farasita, CO,
Huerfano County (David Perkins)
Tue September 7, 1993 9:30 - 11:00 pm (6 after FM)
3 redish-white lights seen over Baca Ranch close to the ground, 9 miles from Crestone by Donna and Al
Koon and 2 additional witnesses in Moffatt GO. Four of the five using binoculars, two of the witnesses are
trained observers. A group of three witnesses drove into the Baca Development and approached within
1-3 miles of the lights which had moved to the mountains.
They watched for an additional 20 - 25 minutes before clouds obscured their view
Saguache County (O'Brien / Koon)
Tue, September 7, 1993 9:45 pm (6 after FM)
4 redish-white lights seen from The White Eagle Inn out over the Baca Ranch line-of-sight with the Sand
Dunes by XXX Xand additional witnesses. Lights seen through break in the clouds moving west to east
and east to west. Estimated speed as being twice that of conventional jet. Lights appeared to be confined
to a small area of manuever. Duration of sighting: "4 or 5 minutes."
(O'Brien)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2628, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Wed September 8, 1993 10:30 - 11:30
(7 after FM)
Medano Ranch foreman, Ken Klemin and a cowhand observe six "Bigfoot truck-type" sets of lights near
Sand Creek after lights approached Medano Ranch hand's house close enough to make his dogs bark..
Both tried to get close to the lights, but were unable to get close enough to positivly identify. A thorough
search of the area the following morning turned up no tracks whatsoever. Lights seemed to be following
the terrain but did not exibit off-road headlight vibration. Klemm thinks the lights are "hovercraft." Lights
when seen always appear to be 8 - 10' off the ground and never leave any tracks.
(O'Brien)
Wed September 8, 1993 12:15 through 12:25pm (7 after FM)
A bright "triangular-shaped" light(s) seen stationary, close to the ground 50' - 100' over Sand Creek, Baca
Ranch from a vantage point at the intersection of Dunes Road and Mosca Road, 2 miles south of the
Dunes Oasis. Light(s) were viewed with night-vision and did not appear to have "car headlight" or campfire
characteristics. Had appearance of a possible three light triangle. The lights) at one point exibited a slow,
steady 30% pulse, bright to dim to bright.
Saguache / Alamosa Counties (O'Brien / Rhodes)
Wed September 8, 1993 2:40 am
(7 after FM)
A white light, faint to the visible eye, but clearly visible with night-vision, seen by R. Rhodes above Sand
Creek Canyon, while traveling south on Highway 17, between Moffatt and Hooper, CO. No light sources
in the remote area where light was seen. Did not resemble a campfire or vehicle lights. Several minutes
of video obtained. Saguache County
(R,. Rhodes / O'Brien VIDEO)
Fri September 17, 1993 8:35 pm (1 after NM)
Xx and
& while driving out of Crestone on Road T, observe a white and blue light streak
down at a 45 degree angle to (what appeared to) be the ground, near Deadmans Creek / Sand Creek area
of the Baca Ranch. Witnesses both "skeptics" thought at first it was a small plane crashing. Both stated
they had "never seen anything like it before." They were approximately 6 miles west of Crestone.
Saguache County O(O'Brien)
Thur. September 30, 1993 10:00pm (FM)
Lights seen from White Eagle Inn, north of San Isabelle. Lights appeared to pulsate in a circle, like
"spotlights." Duration of 3 to 4 minutes. 5 miles west of Crestone. Four witnesses.
Saguache County (O'Brien)
Sat October 9, 1993 7:20pm (6 before NM)
5 witnesses see large white light over NW side of the Blanca Peaks. Light exibited non-ballistic
charactoristics. Was only visible for several seconds before it disappeared.
Baca Grande Development,
Saguache County (O'Brien)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3605, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I ne Crestone Eagle • October, 1993
Cattle mutilation reports &
unexplained phenomena
increase in Southern Colo.
By Christopher O'Brien
Great Sand Dunes both observed
After a cessation of activity in six unexplained sets of lights
south-central Colorado in June and
moving on the south side of the
July, the mystery surgeons are back
Sand Creek drainage. The ranchers
for a potentially busy fall harvest.
and Great Sand Dunes National
A large 3 year bull belonging
Monument rangers have observec
to Eddie Medina was discovered
these strange lights numerous
mutilated under powerlines,
times in the past three years, and
Tuesday August 3, by Huerfano
have never been able to identify
rancher, Jerry Wood, 10 miles east
them.
of La Veta Pass on Silver Mountain
in Huerfano County. This-location
is forty miles southeast of Crestone,
- 15 feet above the ground, are
completely silent and according to
on the eastern side of the Blanca
Peaks.
The animal was examined by
a nurse and Animal Mutilation
Probe researcher Dave Perkins who
described the incisions as "perfectly
leave some sort of tracks." The
round surgical cuts." The bull
rancher is understandably puzzled.
showed
"classic"
mutilation
"They travel over the ranch roads
wounds, rectum deeply cored,
out here but don't open any gates,"
genitalia removed down to the belly
he stated.
and the bull was apparently
He has his own theory as to
drained of body fluids. Droplets of
who might be responsible for the
blood were observed by Perkins
unexplained craft. "I think they are
near the tear ducts as was "bloody
military hover craft, or something."
drool."
Two additional witnesses observed
Between Wednesday
the
the lights on August 8, two miles
fourth and Saturday the fifth the
south of the Sand Dunes Oasis and
mutilators apparently returned,
video footage was obtained.
and surgically removed a nostril
As a result of the recent
and
ear down to the skull.
upswing in sightings and aerial
According to a now vigilant Mr.
activity on the Saguache/Alamosa
Woods (who is renting pasture- County border, both county, sheriffs
space to Mr. Medina,) the bull has departments are keeping an active
still not been touched by predators, «watch on the area sherifts Drury
and the eyes are still intact.
and Pacheco are coordinating
A
"dark
military-type
reconnaissance efforts with area
helicopter" was seen Monday
residents.
afternoon, the 9th, by the Wood
These
mutilations
family who observed it flying low
sightings indicate a continuance of
over the pasture where the bull was
the increased levels of anomalous
found the following day. This
activity our area has
been
sighting was one of many helicopter
experiencing over the past nine
sightings reported by Huerfano and
months.
Saguache County residents during
the first two weeks of August.
A second possible mutilation
, during the second week of August
yes gated by mutadon expert,
Los Animas County Sheriff Lou
Girodo.
Over 20 witnesses have seen
and reported unexplained aerial
phenomena in southern Saguache
County over the past six weeks.
These sightings
cannot be
attributed to nighttime mining
activities by Challenger Gold in the
vicinity of Polk and Sand Creeks,
two miles north of the northern
boundary of the Great Sand Dunes
National Monument.
August 8, at 10:30 pm, a ranch
_ manager and ranch hand near the
in
sighting and mutilation activity, the
phenomena follows an active
spring, with a very active fall..
If patterns
outbreaks of cattle mutilations and
unidentified lights and craft are
any indication of a current trend,
we in the San Luis Valley are in for
a disturbing fall.
