{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:02:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 350313, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115292-world-center-for-peace-and-sustainability-dr-brian-o-leary.pdf", "source_sha256": "da9999f22755320ff79b352f5b95ad54c26057dbac6f08b09e3dbcb502b5bf1c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 613, "chars": 4152, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bran O LeaM Page 1
Coming in 2006....
World Center for Peace and Sustainability: Basic plan
Brian O'Leary, September, 2005, Vilcabamba, Ecuador
"La verdad es salvaje"
1. Vision Statement We pledge to do everything in our power to transform global wars and ecocide into a new context of
preservation, restoration and sustinence of the Earth's biosphere for future generations. We believe that the practice of art,
new science, spirit, and the visioning of a just, peaceful and sustainable world pave the way for the needed global future. To
these ends, we establish the International Center for Peace and Sustainability near the village of Vilcabamba, Ecuador.
2. The Setting Our mountainside retreat is located on more than two acres of lush tropical gardens with clean air, waterfalls,
rainbows, and spectacular views of the Andes of Podocarpus National Park. Below us is the village itself, one mile away in
the Valley of Longevity, famed for its healing waters. Across the valley we see the legendary mountain Mondango where
almost daily the sunsets are awesome, changing colors by the second at our equatorial site. We are a mile above sea level,
blessing this paradise with an ideal year-round climate with day temperatures in the seventies and dropping into the sixties at
night. Food is local fresh organic produce. The hotels are affordable and nice. The natural ambiance here is contagious.
Some visitors have called our site "the most beautiful spot on Earth I have ever seen."
3. The Buildings Two main buildings comprise over 6000 square feet, most of which will be used for the center. It will also
include the residence of the founders, Dr. Brian O'Leary and his artist wife Meredith Miller. The new, larger building now
under construction will be open for Center activities in 2006.
4. Our Mission We emphasize education, activism, research, think-tanks and informed dialogues on new paradigms that
would lift us out of our global fix. The center will eventually become a university. We invite conscious teachers, leaders and
students to come to the Center to participate in forums on creating sensible transition scenarios and goals for a global
paradigm shift, unfettered by the daily pressures of urban and vested institutional settings. Our varied programs include art
workshops, music, drama, weekend or week-long workshops (some keyed into tour groups and guest faculty visits) and
public events in the arts, lectures and dialogues on pressing long-term regional and global issues.
5. Programs-
* Retreats (like the Esalen Institute or Sivananda yoga ashrams) with guest teachers and
students coordinated with tour groups
* Seminars and Sunsets, our late afternoon programs (bring your camera)
* Art workshops with Meredith Miller- including painting on location at sacred sites,
quaint villages, and magic mountain vistas
* New science and new energy workshops with Dr. Brian O'Leary
* Yoga retreats and classes
* Concerts
* Puppet shows, renaissance theatre, humor
* Community events
* Ceremonies with indigenous peoples and shamans
* Astronomy deck and possible UFO sightings
6. The Founders
Brian O'Leary, Ph.D., 65, author, world teacher and activist, was a NASA astronaut during the
Apollo program and served on the faculties of Cornell, Princeton, Hampshire College, and
U.C. Berkeley in astronomy, energy science and science policy assessment. He was special
staff consultant on energy for the U.S. House Interior Committee and advisor to Morris Udall
and other U.S. presidential candidates. He was also a leading peace activist during the
Vietnam War and a citizen diplomat during Soviet Glasnost. He is author of many popular
books, most recently Re- Inheriting the Earth: Awakening to Sustainable Solutions and Greater
Truths. In 2003, he founded the New Energy Movement, a grass-roots non-profit organizatior
advocating research into innovative energy sources for a sustainable global future. In his
spare time, Brian plays the piano, teaches yoga,photographs nature, and performs puppetry
and cartooning. www.brianoleary.com
Meredith Miller, 59, is an internationally acclaimed, prize-winning visionary artist and art

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2401, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2
teacher for over forty years, with hundreds of paintings that hang on walls throughout the
world. Much of her art is alchemical, containing the soil essences from sacred sites she has
visited globally. Basically Meredith paints dreams. According to testimonies of dozens of
her collectors, her powerful images in watercolor, oil and mixed media have evoked healings,
ancient wisdoms, new relationships, or discovery of that special spot in nature. Her
dedication to beautifying the Center can be felt throughout the land and the buildings.
www.meredithmillerart.com
7. Logistics The Center is one full day's travel to and from most of North, Central and
South America, although an overnight stop in Quito or Guayaquil is sometimes necessary.
Daily jets fly to and from our local city Loja and Quito, and every other day between Loja
and Guayaquil. Such frequent access plus an inexpensive taxi ride from and to the airport on
good roads, make travel convenient.
We recommend the artistic and affordable Madre
Tierra Hotel for local accommodations, located just two miles from the Center, with fresh daily
organic breakfasts and dinners served. Travel can also include group packages with tours of
Machu Picchu, the Galapagos, the Amazon jungle and other attractions.
«The truth is wild. We need not fear embracing if"
Given the proper settings and practices, we can better understand and celebrate the wisdom of nature and the value of
sustainability. It is increasingly obvious to many of us in the industrialized West that the elaborate public relations (propaganda)
machines in virtually every institution and field no longer represent greater truths, but instead are myths of reality based on false
r narrow assumptions. When our quest for truth becomes so distorted through contemporary human filters and suppressions, w
lust take a breath and look at nature, to imitate nature. We then can then begin to embrace a kind of wild truth, or natural lav
This could lead to the context for innovation and restoration of community towards a new global republic and a declaration of
interdependence whose values are peace, sustainability and social justice. The eagle and condor can then join in peace.
We hope that a combination of the idyllic pastoral setting and our programs will help bring us to a more creative and conscious
understanding the dilemmas of and solutions to world challenges.
